Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9257 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 2017 No. 187 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
OST). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, November 15, 2017. I hereaby appoint the Honorable M
IKE B
OSTto act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL TRADE AGREE-MENTS MUST BE HONEST, FAIR, AND RECIPROCAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, on his recent trip to Asia, President Trump reminded us and our inter-national trading partners that our commercial agreements must be hon-est, fair, and reciprocal. With this ad-monition, he called on our Asian friends to build automobile plants that would employ American workers. Three cheers for him for doing that. The United States already has expe-rienced the benefits and the liabilities of foreign-controlled multinational automobile companies manufacturing in our country. These companies have provided good jobs for America’s work-ing people, but having these foreign companies here hasn’t always worked. A few years ago, we discovered that one of the world’s preeminent car man-ufacturers, Volkswagen Group of America, had engaged in an illegal and clandestine strategy to circumvent U.S. emissions laws. Volkswagen has a longstanding rela-tionship with the American people. Like so many young people in my gen-eration, my first car was a Volkswagen Beetle, so Volkswagen enjoyed an enor-mous goodwill in our country. Despite that, Volkswagen Group of America in-tentionally did us wrong. Volkswagen intentionally violated our emissions regulations and, by many accounts, they even engineered their systems to falsely indicate that they were com-plying with the emissions standards. This was nothing more than pure ar-rogance and a hostile intent and an egregious violation of our best legisla-tive efforts to regulate our way to clean air. Unfortunately, this issue with Volkswagen has not been totally dealt with and put behind us. The deal with the German Govern-ment that got them off the hook re-mains cloaked in mystery and left many questions unanswered. We do not know yet, for example, whether Volks-wagen will compensate Americans in a full and just manner. Those uncompen-sated Americans may include the own-ers of the bogusly engineered cars, as well as auto importers, as well as, per-haps, service stations who officially were authorized to repair Volkswagens. Mr. Speaker, the VW deal between the Obama administration and the Merkel government needs to be revis-ited with a full airing of the details. We need to know if Volkswagen has com-plied fully and if the settlement was demonstrably fair to Americans who relied on their good faith. Wolfgang Porsche, the family who owns 52 percent of Volkswagen, he was the chairman during this time of the emissions scandal; as well as Matthias Mueller, the CEO of Volkswagen Group, they need to be put on the record about what the details of this subterfuge of American law was all about. We need to send a message also. By putting them on the record, we need to send a message to all the multinational corporation executives who, when they do business in the United States of America, have to play by our rules. I applaud the President for trying to encourage people to invest in building factories here, but that means all of us must make sure that that works out for the best for the American people. f 
SCORE ONE FOR DONALD TRUMP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, after spending a bizarre week in the Ways and Means Committee with a moving target of the Republican tax plan, we find out, amazingly, that it is actually getting worse and worse. We have just discovered that the Sen-ate is going to repeal the individual healthcare mandate to to provide fund-ing for more tax cuts for America’s wealthy. The cost of that? There will be 13 million additional uninsured Americans, and everybody in the individual market will see their premiums increase another 10 percent next year and every year therefafter. Well, tomorrow, Trump is going to come to Capitol Hill to hold a rally 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.000 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9258 November 15, 2017 
with Republican Members to try to make some of these nervous people feel a little more comfortable. No wonder Donald Trump is eager to see this bill pass. It is designed for Donald Trump. First, he is the self-proclaimed king of debt. Well, you got it in spades with this bill because the Republicans have raised the debt ceiling $1.5 trillion to finance these tax cuts for people who, frankly, don’t need them. Because you have to pay interest on that, it is a $2.3 trillion additional burden on our chil-dren and grandchildren. It eliminates the alternative min-imum tax. Even though Trump refused to honor his commitment to release his tax returns, one was leaked to David Cay Johnston, and it showed the only reason he paid substantial taxes in 2005 was because of the alternative min-imum tax. Getting rid of that would save him $31 million in one year. There is a special break for pass-through entities. It is, theoretically, for small businesses, but many of the passthrough entities are not small businesses. They include hedge funds. Donald Trump’s disclosure form lists hundreds of passthrough entities. That is how he does business. Of course, the biggest and most out-rageous loophole is to completely eliminate the inheritance tax over the next 10 years. This will save a couple thousand people, extraordinarily wealthy people, $172 billion that would otherwise come to the government to be able to fund programs for our vet-erans, deal with the opioid crisis. Donald Trump will be able to pass off hundreds of millions, maybe a billion or two, tax free. Remember, most of that money had never been taxed in the first place. You don’t become a bil-lionaire on W–2 income. It is all appre-ciated, untaxed capital. Well, it also shatters a bipartisan agreement for alternative energy. Don-ald Trump is doubling down on energy of the past, trying to breathe life into a failing coal industry. Their bill would break a bipartisan agreement for wind energy, which we carefully negotiated on a bipartisan basis, and the industry has gone ahead and pledged billions of dollars. Eliminating that agreement, the only retroactive provision in the bill, puts at jeopardy billions of dollars of investment and tens of thousands of jobs. Score one for Donald Trump. But the worst element of this bill, I think—and there is a lot to choose from—is its Alzheimer’s tax. It would deny the medical exemption to over 9 million middle class families to be able to deduct extraordinary medical ex-penses. Think of a family that is trying to cope with the challenges of a loved one with Alzheimer’s. This costs them tens of thousands of dollars, sometimes hundreds of thousands of dollars in a year. It takes away the tax deduction from them. This is an outrage. It is made for Donald Trump and large corporations, but, sadly, it increases taxes on many middle-income Americans, especially with the Alzheimer’s tax, denying some of the middle class families in the most difficult circumstances a little tax re-lief. It is inexcusable. They couldn’t defend it in com-mittee. Let’s see how the Republicans defend it on the floor of the House. But more important, let’s see how they de-fend that to 9 million American fami-lies. 
f 
FLOOD INSURANCE REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) for 5 minutes. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to lend my support to the flood insur-ance reform legislation that we consid-ered on this floor yesterday and passed. Let me tell you the reasons and the importance of that particular legisla-tion. One is, the problems that it deals with is FEMA’s flood plain maps can be inaccurate and are based on old tech-nology. Property owners in the insur-ance flood plain plans are required to pay flood insurance premiums, even though they may not be at risk under the old maps whenever you look at it. For example, today I brought a map from my district—one of the places in my district where these maps are wrong. This is actually Carterville, Il-linois. If you will notice, as the flood plain comes down here from the north, actually, that is really unique because, if you will notice right beside it, out of the flood plain is the creek that actu-ally flows and the ditch that is the creek, and the flood plain is not in that. Yet it is over in the other area here, where it affects homes that are actually charged larger amounts of money on their flood insurance when they are not even in the flood plain. Yet it never even continues to flow on down to Crab Orchard Lake, where the natural water flow goes. So those areas are out of the flood plain, according to this mapping. The flood zone maps—here is the problem: property owners can chal-lenge the map under existing law, be-fore we sent this over, and you can challenge it, but it would cost you $2,000 to challenge that. Or if you want-ed to participate with your city, the city taxes would then be charged $17,000 to challenge the map. Flood insurance is vitally important and necessary to the people around this Nation and the security that it gives to others that are not in flood plains for not having a cost dropped on them. But the accuracy of these maps are vitally important. Two things the legislation did that were vitally important, it is easier and more affordable to appeal FEMA about their maps and whether or not some-thing is in a flood plain. It also uses its higher technology to truly draft the flood plain maps in a way that they are fair, and that the costs are not unbear-able to many homeowners. THE GOP TAX BILL IS A FRONTAL ASSAULT ON THE MIDDLE CLASS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, the tax bill being considered, H.R. 1, is a frontal as-sault on the middle class and it will do lasting damage to our country. The bill is a dishonest bait-and- switch for the 36 million middle and lower class families who will see their taxes increase under this plan to pay for tax cuts for the wealthiest 1 per-cent of Americans and large multi-national corporations. It is paid for by eliminating the few remaining benefits in our Tax Code for the middle class and charging $1.7 trillion to the na-tional credit card, leaving our children and our grandchildren to pay for it. This bill lets the middle class down at every turn, and it should be de-feated. It eliminates the deduction for medical expenses, which over 9 million middle class Americans claimed in 2015, including over 1 million taxpayers in my home State of California. This is especially harmful to older Americans struggling with high medical costs and serious illnesses, like cancer and Alz-heimer’s, and Americans with disabil-ities. It takes direct aim at college stu-dents across the country, raising the future costs of higher education by $65 billion over 10 years by eliminating the deductibility of interest on student loans. It taxes employer tuition assistance benefits for students and tuition waiv-ers for graduate students by treating this as income, making it more expen-sive for future scientists, medical pro-fessionals, educators, and other leaders to get an education. b1015 It eliminates the lifetime learning credit and the deductibility of interest of student loans at a time when stu-dent loan debt in the United States just reached $1.5 trillion. This is a bit-ter pill to ask our Nation’s student borrowers to swallow. Very importantly for my constitu-ents, this bill bulldozes the State and local tax deduction. Almost 200,000 of my constituents claimed an average State and local tax deduction of $31,193 in 2015. Under this plan, businesses can still claim this deduction. For exam-ple, the National Education Associa-tion estimates are that 250,000 edu-cation jobs will be put at risk because of this lack of deductibility. Just yes-terday, the Fraternal Order of Police spoke out in opposition to this bill’s dismantling of this deduction, noting that their salaries and the equipment that they use are paid for by State and local taxes on property sales and in-come. The Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy found that California stands to be the biggest overall loser in this plan and faces a $12.1 billion tax increase in 2017 alone. The bill also takes aim at the most valuable asset of the middle class: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.015 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9259 November 15, 2017 
their home. It limits the mortgage in-terest deduction used by homeowners, and this is eminently unfair. Califor-nians just experienced the worst wildfires in our State’s history, with over 14,000 homes lost. What does this bill do? It removes the deductibility for property losses due to natural disas-ters. I find this to be especially cruel. What the bill does do is take special care of the wealthiest 5,500 estates in this country by doubling the estate tax exemption to $22 million and then re-pealing it, removing the whole thing, by 2024. Finally, the bill has terrible implica-tions for the future of Medicare and the guarantee it has provided for Ameri-cans for over 50 years. Without budget changes to offset the $1.5 trillion in-crease to deficits over 10 years, the bill will trigger automatic spending cuts under the statutory pay-as-you-go. The Republican majority and the ad-ministration claim that this tax plan will ‘‘pay for itself.’’ It is bad math, be-cause we were promised in the early 2000s that jobs would be created, that the economy would grow, and the out-come was $1.8 trillion of debt. The investments that pay off the most are the investments we make in the American people, in education, in job creation, in infrastructure. These are critical areas that always expand our economy. This House should reject this unfair, unbalanced, fiscally irresponsible plan that dims the future of our country by attacking the middle class. 
f 
APPRENTICESHIPS PROVIDE AN ALTERNATIVE PATH TO HIGH- PAYING JOBS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). The Chair recognizes the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this is a pretty incredible week here in Washington, D.C., an in-credible week for the American people. When you look at the things that we accomplished this week, we have had historic tax reform—long overdue. This is a break for hardworking middle class American families. I encourage folks to check out the facts for themselves on exactly what happens. But it is not the only thing we have done. Already this week we have passed a conference report on the national de-fense authorization, the largest raise for our military in over 10 years, pro-viding them the resources they need to be safe, to be effective, yes, to be le-thal, and to be able to return home at the end of the day and to have their needs met. We did something that was very im-portant for a State like Pennsylvania, where we have almost 90,000 miles of streams. We did historic flood insur-ance reform, where we really separated and looked inland, the needs there, versus mixing things together, allow-ing local municipalities, as long as they comply with the FEMA processes, to be able to really determine where the actual flood risk is. We haven’t had that. In the past, it has all been done from Washington. It has been done rather poorly. But there is more than that. This week is also National Apprenticeship Week, Mr. Speaker. I rise today to highlight apprenticeships. Apprenticeships are a part of career and technological education as a path-way to family-sustaining careers and wages. Apprenticeships provide an al-ternative path to a high-paying job by providing opportunities to gain real- world skills while earning a paycheck. Mr. Speaker, as co-chair of the Ca-reer and Technical Education Caucus, I know that a huge skills gap exists in communities nationwide. There are good-paying jobs out there, but the un-employed are either ill prepared or lack the appropriate education to fill these vacancies. That is why I am proud the House did pass my legislation, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, earlier this year. It passed unanimously out of this body. The bill aims to close the skills gap by modernizing Federal investments in career and technical education pro-grams by connecting educators with in-dustry stakeholders. Career and tech-nical education apprenticeship pro-grams open the door for so many Amer-icans. Proudly, President Trump signed an executive order earlier this year to ex-pand apprenticeships and skills-based education programs that put more Americans back to work in the trades. We have seen too many students pushed down the college-for-all path-way that just doesn’t work for some people. Obtaining an apprenticeship or career and technical education is a via-ble path that many high-achieving stu-dents can choose in pursuit of industry certifications and hands-on skills that they use right out of high school, in skills-based education programs, or should they choose, in college. Mr. Speaker, we have all met young people who haven’t been inspired in a traditional classroom setting. We all know people who have lost jobs who are underemployed, working multiple part-time jobs, and they are looking desperately for good-paying, family- sustaining jobs. We all know people who are aspiring for a promotion but keep falling short year after year. Mr. Speaker, I think we all know families that have been trapped in pov-erty for generations. An apprenticeship can change that. A career and tech-nical education can change that. Mr. Speaker, by the year 2020, it is esti-mated that more than 6 million jobs will go unfilled because of that skills gap of not having individuals who are qualified and trained to fill those posi-tions. Mr. Speaker, the legislation that will be passed off this floor tomorrow—and I speak of that optimistically, with confidence—is estimated to lead to cre-ating a confidence that will result, it has been estimated, in a million jobs being created. Through measures with career and technical education and measures such as apprenticeships, we can help Ameri-cans to be able to enter the workforce, to find that on-ramp to opportunity, to give everyone the opportunity to earn a good family-sustaining wage and have that security. Mr. Speaker, Americans deserve no less. f 
A TRUE STORY FROM SCRANTON, PENNSYLVANIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to tell you a true story from Scranton, Pennsylvania. When Matty Loftus got out of the Army in 1970, he went to work for the TV tube plant in Dunmore, Pennsyl-vania, just north of Scranton. At the time, it was owned by RCA and later became Thompson Consumer Elec-tronics. Matty Loftus was 19 years old, and this was a great job, manufacturing picture tubes where a lot of great peo-ple worked, as many as 1,600 men and women. The pay was good; the benefits were excellent. They were union jobs, and the picture tubes they put together were so good, this company was able to sell them to Sony in Japan. The people working at this plant were a community. They had wonderful company picnics. They had a softball league. They organized holiday parties for the kids and fishing derbies. Matty Loftus worked there for 30 years. He was able to raise four children on his salary alone. Chuck Lampman is the same age as Matty Loftus, and they are friends. Chuck went to work for the RCA plant in 1972 when he was 21. He started in production, and he loved that job, too. He says: We were making the Cadillac of American televisions. By the year 2000, we were already starting to make the first generation of flat screen TV panels. Around that time, Thompson won a worldwide award for making the best 27-inch TVs in the world, and every-body at the plant was so proud. Chuck says: That wasn’t just a job; that was a way of life. John O’Hearn got out of high school in 1975. He got a job at the TV plant right away. He worked production at first, but then he got bumped up into the machine shop. He made lifelong friends at that factory. In 1994, NAFTA went into effect. Matty, Chuck, and John, they knew about it, but they didn’t think too much about it. John remembers people in the machine shop who were inter-ested in politics arguing over the ef-fects of NAFTA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.004 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9260 November 15, 2017 
Through the nineties, these men and women were working the factory 24/7 in three shifts, putting out over 2 million picture tubes a year. They used to say: They will never close us down. We make this company too much money. And then it came, May of 2001. Man-agement called everybody into the plant and gave them the news. The plant was closing in August, 3 months from then, because they were moving to Mexico. People were shocked. Nobody saw this coming. They tried to negotiate with the company, and Matty and Chuck remember the answer. It was: Are you willing to take a $13-an-hour pay cut and work for $3.25 an hour? Matty remembers the pride that these people had at the plant working the last few months, the pride that they did their jobs with. There was no vandalism. There were no work stop-pages, no slowdowns. They finished out their jobs showing the pride in the work that they had had for a genera-tion. He remembers the tears on that last day and how people passed out lists of names and phone numbers so they could all stay in touch. Chuck remembers on the last day how that trophy for the best 27-inch TV tube was still in the company lobby. All three of them remember the aftermath. They remember the di-vorces. They remember the suicides. Matty still had two daughters in pub-lic school. He went through his family savings, and he had to cash in some of his retirement money, take the pen-alty. Now he works as a security guard making $10 an hour. He is 66, and he can’t afford to retire. Chuck was out of work for years, and eventually he found a job making half the money. He is also 66, and he can’t retire. John can’t forget having to tell his daughter, Lindsey, in May 2001 he was losing his job. She was in tears. She was graduating high school the next month. She wanted to go to college. When Chuck found out the current Republican tax plan is to drop cor-porate tax to 20 percent for companies doing business in America but to 10 percent for American companies doing business overseas, this is what he said: Haven’t we lost enough already under NAFTA? Now you are going to reward companies for shipping more jobs over-seas? Mr. Speaker, this tax bill will ship more jobs overseas. This bill stinks, and I won’t vote for it. 
f 
LIVING THE AMERICAN DREAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, today we recognize an individual who embodies the American Dream and the grit and determination that defines the people of Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Pasquale Palino was born in Naples, Italy, in 1963. A resilient worker and a passionate chef, he worked in the res-taurant industry in Italy before marrying his wife, Anna Scotto. Having two children, Carmela and Gennaro, Pasquale decided to leave Italy with his young family and come to the United States. He settled in Bensalem, Pennsylvania, and opened a restaurant, Pasta al Dente. Soon after, he welcomed his third child, Nunzia. After spending a short while back in Italy, Pasquale returned to the United States. A family man, Pasquale had two more sons, Giovanni and Aniello. Pasquale opened Vecchia Osteria in 2009, where his incredible talent led to great success and allowed him to open Acqua e Farina, an au-thentic Napoletano pizzeria, in 2017. Mr. Speaker, Pasquale crossed oceans to pursue his dreams. He works tire-lessly to put a smile on people’s faces through the food that he makes. Mr. Speaker, our communities and our Nation are better because of people like Pasquale Palino. b1030 HONORING BUCKS COUNTY FIRST RESPONDERS  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the first re-sponders of Bucks County. Recently I was privileged to speak to nearly 300 first responders at the 45th Central Bucks Chamber of Commerce’s Emer-gency Services Award Dinner and to offer them our heartfelt thanks. As an EMT myself, I understand the love that these individuals have for their neighbors and for their commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, I was honored to recognize these 20 individuals pictured here. Mr. Speaker, I include in the C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD each of their names. 
Robert Dondo William Fluck IV Eoghan Lowry Karen Gibbons Lisa Aron Steven Vance Michael Nyari Keller Taylor Zuri Kalix Darren Carroll Christopher A Horner John Thomas Jim Snock Mark Potent Scott Martin Jessica Leal Kevin Murphy Michael Ray Nancy Mayers Pat Mattes 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, we honor and we thank each of these brave heroes in our community for putting themselves in harm’s way to protect us in Bucks County. They are living their lives serving a cause bigger than them-selves. What a noble way to spend their life. 
f 
TAX BILL IS HARMFUL TO VETERANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as the ranking member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, as the co- chair of the National Guard and Re-serve Components Caucus, as the co- chair of the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus, and probably more impor-tantly, as a retired enlisted soldier to bring to your attention a number of provisions in the GOP tax bill that will negatively impact the men and women currently serving and transitioning from the United States military. Mr. Speaker, I want to be clear. Tax reform is a laudable goal. It would have been nice had we actually done it, had we actually had debates, had we actu-ally had witnesses. Zero, zero, zero. What we have is a closed-door bill brought forward and forced upon the House. In my opinion, trying to think that the American people would not watch what happens here is pretty risky. These are folks in the military who risked everything to give us the right to debate things here. We should at least probably debate their future in an open manner. I hope we will strongly consider, Mr. Speaker, each of these following provisions in this bill that will put the prosperity of America’s he-roes at risk. As the legislation is written, this tax plan includes provisions that will spe-cifically harm members and veterans to help pay for tax cuts for corpora-tions and the ultrawealthy. How can you justify giving a tax cut for carrying interest, but not for car-rying a rucksack? That is what that vote will be today. Be very clear about this. When you cast your ‘‘yes’’ vote, you are being very clear. The first thing it does is it repeals tax credits proven to help veterans find employment when they come home, such as the repeal of the Work Oppor-tunity Tax Credit, which includes the Help Hire Our Heroes Act. This credit is available to employers who hire vet-erans who have a service-connected dis-ability, or are unemployed, or receive SNAP benefits. Between 2013 and 2015, the Work Op-portunity Tax Credit helped nearly 300,000 veterans find employment. But, again, don’t take my word for it. The people who are telling you not to do this are the Air Force Sergeants Asso-ciation, the United States Air Force Association, AMVETS, Army Aviation Association of America, Association of the United States Army, Enlisted Asso-ciation of the National Guard of the United States, Gold Star Wives of America, Jewish War Veterans of the United States of America, Marine Corps League, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, Vietnam Vet-erans of America, and the Veterans of Foreign Wars. They are telling you, if you vote ‘‘yes,’’ you are hurting the op-portunities of America’s veterans. The GOP tax bill also repeals the dis-abled access tax credit. This simply al-lows small businesses to claim a tax 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.005 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9261 November 15, 2017 
expenditure when they make their buildings more accessible for people with disabilities. Its elimination will discourage small businesses from mak-ing their workplaces accessible and friendly to those disabled veterans. Mr. Speaker, by eliminating the de-duction for interest payments or stu-dent loans, the GOP tax bill will make education even more expensive or out of reach for our veterans. While the GI Bill pays a portion of it, it does not pay it all. A large percentage of veterans also rely on student loans. This will hurt many veterans who rely on that to make school work. This bill will make it more expensive for military families to sell their homes. How wrong is that? The bill requires a homeowner to have owned and lived in a home for at least 5 years of the last 8 years to get a tax exemption on the money made from the sale of their home. No one serves in one location that long. No ex-emption was written in it. Had it been brought to the floor, we would have of-fered an amendment, and I bet you money, my Republican colleagues would have accepted it. They didn’t get that chance because somebody wrote it for them and passed it down here and is going to tell them to vote ‘‘yes’’ on it. That is simply wrong. I don’t question their commit-ment to veterans. I question the way they wrote this bill. That is real life. These things will really happen, and it is verified by all kinds of outside sources. By repealing the medical expense de-duction, the GOP tax bill will hurt vet-erans struggling with costly medical bills. Most veterans aren’t in the VA. Most veterans don’t qualify for the VA because they make more money than the threshold, or they are not disabled to the point where they get there. So most of them receive their health bene-fits through their employer. But when those expenses get too great, one of the things we have in current tax law is they are allowed to deduct those ex-penses. They are taking that away. When you vote ‘‘yes’’ today, you are taking that away and giving billion-aires a tax break. Once again, it is going to be a choice. It is very simple, yes or no; green light, red light. You will be able to decide on that. This hurts veterans. By prioritizing corporations and the ultrawealthy over the middle class, they are directly harming veterans. Be very clear: a veteran’s median income is $37,466. They are not going to see savings from this bill. If they are a dis-abled veteran or have a child going to college, they will pay more so that a very few of us can get a tax break. Corporations, by the way, can deduct State and local taxes. Veterans can’t. A corporation can deduct property tax. There is a lot more in here that is bad. Bring this back to the floor. Work with us. Protect America’s heroes. Do what is right. BUILD A BETTER TOMORROW The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I tell folks back home that they should watch this time at 10 in the morning, where any Member can come down and talk about anything they want to talk about, because you can learn a lot about one another. There are folks who come to this floor every single morning to celebrate somebody in their district back home, to build up the country with optimism, and with the belief that if only we unite, if only we work harder, we can make tomorrow better than yesterday was. There are those Members who come to the floor on a regular basis to tear things down. I tell you, Mr. Speaker, I have been in this world for 47 years. I know it is easier to tear things down than it is to build things up. Some-thing has happened in this institution where the currency is how quickly can you tear the other side down instead of how quickly can you partner with them to build things up. Tax reform is hard. I have a bill for folks who are uncomfortable with the elimination of special carve-outs, de-ductions, exemptions, and lobbyist loopholes. For folks who are uncom-fortable with those things, I have a bill that repeals absolutely every one. It is called the FairTax Act. It is H.R. 25. We are not going to vote on that bill today because this institution is not comfortable eliminating absolutely ev-erything all at once. But there is a dif-ference of opinion, Mr. Speaker, in what the Tax Code is designed for. Is it designed to punish people that you dis-like and reward people that you do like? Or is it designed simply to raise the revenue so that the government can do the things it needs to do? I believe the latter. My friends have come to the floor today and they have said: Oh, we are eliminating this exemption and that deduction, and that carve-out and that loophole, and those things help with the cost of education. Well, I say to my friends: If we want to help with the cost of education, let’s deal with education. The Tax Code is not the solution to every problem. Oftentimes it is the source of those problems. For folks who believe that the cost of medical care is too expensive, I agree. Another carve-out, another loophole, another exemption, the Tax Code will not solve that problem. It may mask that problem, but it will not solve it. We have to come together to solve the healthcare inflation problem. I say to my friends who are worried about the medical cost deduction: I worry about that, too. I worried about it when the Affordable Care Act made it 33 percent harder for Americans to claim that; when it raised that base level from 7.5 percent to 10 percent, meaning so many more Americans couldn’t claim it. This bill doubles the standard deduc-tion so that families don’t have to worry about the magnitude of their burden. Simply, the fact that they have a burden means that they will be able to exempt it. My friend from Pennsylvania came and told the story of two families from Pennsylvania working in a picture tube factory. It was a powerful story of American manufacturing disappearing. If I looked around this institution to find a millennial here, they wouldn’t even know what a picture tube is. That factory was going to go out of business because technology surpassed it. We are losing American manufac-turing overseas every single day, not because we are not the hardest working people on the planet, but because we have the most punitive Tax Code on the planet. Everyone here knows it. In 1986, everyone knew it. America had the least competitive Tax Code on the planet, but Democrats and Repub-licans came together—Ronald Reagan and Tip O’Neill—and they took Amer-ica from worst to first. Decades of eco-nomic prosperity ensued. We are doing that very same thing today: worst to first. Would be that it were Democrats and Republicans together that were doing that, but I tell you, Mr. Speaker, the time is not too late to come together to do that. It was a worthy goal in 1986. It is a worthy goal today. The Tax Code should not be picking winners and losers. It should be creating an eco-nomic environment where the Amer-ican worker can succeed; where the American worker and its commitment is not at a disadvantage to the rest of the world, but it is at least on a level playing field, if not advantaged to the rest of the world. We can do that together today, and I hope that we will. It will always be easier to tear things down and than to build things up, Mr. Speaker. But I know the men and women in this Chamber on a personal level, and I know they didn’t come to tear things down. They came to build a better day tomorrow for their children, their grandchildren, and the constituents that they represent. Mr. Speaker, I hope that we will ful-fill that promise together. 
f 
TAX PLAN IS HARMFUL FOR GUAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my opposition to H.R. 1, the Republican tax plan, and the negative impacts it would have on my constituents in Guam. This bill is an attack on the middle class and would do very little to help those who most need tax relief. I am especially concerned that H.R. 1 does not take into account the unique appli-cation of the Federal Tax Code to Guam and the other U.S. territories. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.008 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9262 November 15, 2017 
Unlike the 50 States who have con-trol of their tax system, Guam is re-quired to mirror the income tax por-tion of the Federal Internal Revenue Code, and any changes to the IRC would have a direct impact not only on taxes paid by my constituents, but also on the general fund revenues collected by the government of Guam. Under the current framework, it is the United States Congress, not the Guam Legislature or any other elected body on Guam, that sets the income tax provisions for our territory. Any changes to the Internal Revenue Code are automatically mirrored and adopt-ed as changes to Guam’s local tax structure. This does not give Guam the ability to decide for itself the best tax struc-ture for the people of Guam. It applies decisions made for the Nation as a whole, with more than 320 million citi-zens, to significantly different demo-graphics on our island of just 170,000 Americans. Even more outrageous, Mr. Speaker, is that Republicans will have brought this bill to the floor without any op-portunity for the Delegates from the territories to affect it or express our support or opposition through a re-corded vote. As the Speaker knows, as a Delegate from a territory, along with the other four territories and D.C., we are not able to vote on amendments on the floor of this House, nor are we able to cast a vote on the final passage of a bill. Some on the other side will argue, es-pecially since H.R. 1 is a tax bill, that the Delegates—therefore, the more than 4 million American citizens who live in the territories—should not be able to vote on the bills considered by this House because our constituents do not pay taxes to the Federal Treasury. b1045 But this ignores the sacrifices that the sons and daughters of Guam and the other territories make to defend our country through military service, as well as the fact that my constitu-ents pay other Federal taxes that sup-port Federal programs like Social Se-curity and Medicare. Importantly, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1 will have a direct impact on my constitu-ents because of the Federal Govern-ment’s requirement for the government of Guam to mirror the Internal Rev-enue Code. This will directly impact the rates, deductions, and credits paid by Guam tax filers and, unlike the States, will also directly correspond to the revenues collected by our terri-torial government. This, Mr. Speaker, is the very defini-tion of taxation without representa-tion. So I cannot support the Republican tax plan because it ignores the impacts it would have on my constituents in Guam and the other territories, and it prevents the people of Guam from hav-ing a say, through their own represent-ative in both the House and the Senate, in its development. I oppose, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1, and I urge my colleagues to defeat it. Vote ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
WEALTHCARE ABOVE HEALTHCARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I always acknowledge the pre-eminent privilege to stand in the well of the Congress of the United States of America. It is a unique opportunity ac-corded few in a country of millions. So I am honored to stand here, Mr. Speak-er. I love my country, but I must say, Mr. Speaker, I stand here with pro-found disbelief—profound disbelief—be-cause I cannot believe, Mr. Speaker, that the Senate of the United States of America is considering removing 13 million people from insurance in a tax bill. The Senate is proposing in a tax bill—that can’t solve all of our prob-lems, by the way—that 13 million peo-ple lose healthcare—13 million people without a primary care physician. Perhaps not all, but it is fair to as-sume that millions will not have a pri-mary care physician. Millions will no longer get the preventive care that can save dollars as well as lives. Millions will find themselves in emergency rooms receiving primary care. I cannot believe that the Senate of the United States of America, in a tax bill, would remove 13 million people from the insurance rolls and, in so doing, acquire $338 billion. The $338 bil-lion is not going to deficit reduction. The $338 billion will go to line the pockets of people who can afford the best healthcare that the world can pro-vide. It is hard to believe that, in the rich-est country in the world, Mr. Speaker, we are about to move from healthcare to sickness care. Healthcare provides preventive care. Sickness care, Mr. Speaker, means that you show up at an emergency room. By the way, that $338 billion that is claimed as a savings—we will spend more than that on emergency room services for the 13 million—or the mil-lions, whatever that number may hap-pen to be—who are going to emergency rooms. We will spend it. People are going to get care. They won’t get the best care. We have, in the richest country in the world, concluded that we can take healthcare from those who dearly need it and provide wealthcare for those who already have it. Why would we put wealthcare above healthcare in the richest country in the world? I cannot believe that this is happening in the United States of America. By the way, Mr. Speaker, you and I know that if the Senate can do this, then the House will follow suit. The House will pick up that language, some variation of it, if not the exact lan-guage. We will find that, in the House, we will be voting to eliminate insur-ance for 13 million people. Mr. Speaker, our country is better than this. Our country is a country that cares for every person where, yes, we will care for the well-off, the well- heeled, and the well-to-do. Yes. But we also care for the least, the last, and the lost. In this country, we care about people, and we want every person to have the best healthcare. So I suffer from disbelief. I am thun-derstruck. I cannot imagine the Senate removing 13 million people from healthcare to provide wealthcare for a few. 
f 
HONORING MS. JEWEL BARKER ON HER 90TH BIRTHDAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, in this sea-son of trying and tough times made even tougher by the skullduggery of the Republican Members of this body, I rise today to pay tribute to my per-sonal hero and longtime friend, Ms. Jewel Barker, who recently celebrated her 90th birthday. Mama Jewel, as she is affectionately known to so many, was born November 3, 1927, in Solgohachia, Arkansas. She grew up in Wardell, Missouri, and at-tended Central High School in Hayti, Missouri, and later she attended the Lincoln University in Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, Mama Jewel always felt a strong drive to improve her life which led to her residing and working in Kansas City and St. Louis, Missouri, before settling in our hometown of Chi-cago, Illinois, in 1956. Though she worked several jobs, her aspiration was to return to school to earn her teaching credentials. She at-tained this goal by receiving a master’s degree in education from the Chicago Teachers College and, in later years, a master’s degree from DePaul Univer-sity in Chicago. Her love of justice for all people did not stop there. Her support for civil rights and equality culminated in her serving as ‘‘Mama’’ to the Illinois Chapter of the Black Panther Party. During Mama Jewel’s 38 years as an educator, she served as a teacher, men-tor, counselor, role model, and as a mother figure to many. She worked tirelessly, Mr. Speaker, with students and family members in programs that met before school, after school, and even on weekends. She provided hous-ing and financial support for several young people so they could further their education. Mama Jewel’s passion has always been focused on helping others and en-couraging people to realize their full potential. This led her to playing an active part in the civil rights move-ment, a role that she first accepted when she organized a boycott in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.010 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9263 November 15, 2017 
Wardell, Missouri, in the 1950s, after its board of education failed to use money allocated there for indoor toilets in the African-American school. Mr. Speaker, her passion for this cause was so great that Mama Jewel went door to door asking parents not to send their children to school, a deci-sion that ultimately led to an installa-tion of those very same toilets. Even after retiring in 1994, she volunteered her time and her talents at her former school and at other schools where her former students taught. In addition to her love for family and her love for service, Mama Jewel has always been a well-rounded enthusiast, displaying many of her talents and in-terests, which include sports, theat-rical performances, cooking, and bak-ing. To this day, Mr. Speaker, she re-mains very active in her church and in her community. I know I am so blessed to know Mama Jewel. I am so blessed that Mama Jewel poured her all into my late son Huey’s life. I am so blessed that she still is the matriarch of the family and of the movement. So on behalf of the citizens of the First Congressional District of Illinois, I would like to congratulate my friend, Mama Jewel Barker, on this milestone and wish her many, many, many more birthdays. May the Lord continue to bless Mama Jewel. May the Lord continue to shine His Shekinah glory upon Mama Jewel’s countenance and upon her fam-ily. 
f 
TAX CUTS FOR MULTINATIONAL CORPORATIONS PAID BY WORK-ING FAMILIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I really do believe that the American people deserve a tax system that invests in our people and our community. We need to have enough income and enough resources to make sure we are fixing our roads, our bridges, and our transit. We need resources to invest in scientific research for families who are wondering about what the answers just might be for their loved ones who have Alzheimer’s or Parkinson’s or what-ever. We need to be able to defend our country. We need to be able to help people get a good education, healthcare, and housing. These are things that I believe are well worth investment in as a nation. Yet when we look at the Republican tax bill, we don’t see a bill that reflects the needs of the country to take care of our people. What we see is a mass dis-tribution from working people—middle class people—to the wealthiest Ameri-cans in the country. We need a tax reform—a real tax re-form—that protects retirement secu-rity for today’s seniors and future gen-erations; that provides quality edu-cation, job training; that researches new medical cures and renewable forms of energy; and that supports our Na-tion’s children. Mr. Speaker, we need a tax bill that supports America’s families and that can help us do better and live higher quality lives. But, instead, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act—a bizarrely named piece of legisla-tion because it doesn’t do anything for jobs—is in front of us. It is what Re-publicans offer as tax reform. But here is what it does, Mr. Speak-er: it moves more jobs overseas. This bill gives tax breaks to corporations offshoring jobs, driving down American wages. How many workers lay in the bed at night looking at the ceiling hoping and praying that the plant doesn’t close? How do we explain to them that we are going to cut taxes for these big cor-porations that would incentivize them to offshore? How do we tell them that? Is that making America great again? I don’t think so. It increases taxes for millions of Americans. Thirty-eight million middle class households will see an immediate tax increase—aver-aging $2,000 by 2026. Is that what we had in mind when we started talking about tax reform? Ab-solutely not. b1100 This Republican tax bill doubles taxes on American families by making folks pay Federal taxes on taxes you already pay to your State and local government. It is a good thing when local commu-nities say: We are going to raise taxes on ourselves to meet local needs. When States and cities do that, they have been expecting for literally over 100 years that that would be deductible. Yet the Federal Government, under the Republican tax plan, wants to take that deduction away, which will have the effect of putting downward pres-sure on what local and State govern-ments can raise to make their citizens’ lives better, beginning a downward spi-ral. As the Federal Government pays less, the States and cities will get less, and you will see services for people go down the toilet. At the same time, you will see money not trickle down but geyser up to the richest Americans. Double taxation will drive down home values and limit local governments’ ability to fund law enforcement—which is police, folks— schools, health services, and infra-structure. Medical expenses, Mr. Speaker. The GOP tax bill raises taxes on families who have children with expensive dis-abilities or adults who need expensive lifesaving treatment for longstanding disabilities because it eliminates the medical expense deduction. I had a lady named Carol, who is a senior, say: Look, I don’t know how I am going to make it without this. I need this. She met with me in my office just Monday, and she pleaded with me to fight this Republican tax bill, specifi-cally on the elimination of medical ex-penses. But what about student loans? We live in a country where there is mas-sive student debt, Mr. Speaker. If you are one of the 40 million people with student loan debt, you will no longer be able to deduct the interest you pay on these student loans, plus it elimi-nates the learning credits that make your tuition affordable. As we all know, if you are rich al-ready, you don’t worry about student loan interest because you don’t borrow the money, you just pay it. But what about the middle class of America? What about the working class people of America? What about folks who really need it? Mr. Speaker, as I wrap up, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this Repub-lican tax bill. It would have been nice to have real reform, but we are not get-ting it. Our only option is to eliminate this particularly sad piece of legisla-tion. f 
GOP TAX CUTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R
ICE) for 5 minutes. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1, a deficit-exploding tax cut for the wealthy that will hurt middle class families in my district. I am all for real, bipartisan tax re-form that puts the middle class first, but that is not what this bill is. This is a giveaway to the wealthy and big cor-porations. It adds trillions to the debt and pays for it on the backs of the mid-dle class. Half of my constituents on Long Is-land deduct their State and local taxes, an average of more than $23,000. Under this bill, that disappears. Corporations can still deduct their State and local taxes, but individuals and couples can-not. That means many middle class families will see their taxes go up, while the vast majority of relief goes to the people who don’t need it: the wealthiest individuals and the biggest corporations. The National Education Association also found that eliminating SALT could lead to a $250 billion cut in edu-cation funding just in the State of New York over the next decade. Make no mistake: this bill won’t help the middle class. It will explode the deficit, and Republicans will try to pay for it with big cuts to healthcare, edu-cation, Social Security, and other im-portant lifesaving programs. I urge my Republican colleagues to give up this trickle-down fantasy and work with Democrats on real bipar-tisan tax reform that truly puts the middle class first. 
f 
REJECT THE TAX CUT LEGISLATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ) for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.012 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9264 November 15, 2017 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, Repub-licans are bound and determined to rush through this Congress an immense tax bill before Americans even begin to know what hit them. We need to speak up and inform families about this bill and its many bad parts. I came here to the House a few weeks ago and said: All you need to know about this tax bill is that it is good for Donald Trump and his billionaire bud-dies. It rewards those multinational companies that have been shipping jobs and profits offshore for so many years and who think they have no responsi-bility to pay for our national security and other vital public services. Well, I am here today to admit that I was in error. All of those things are true. It is about Donald Trump and his billionaire buddies and all the addi-tional money they will pocket. It is about shipping the jobs offshore by multinationals who get a new incen-tive, a giant, new loophole in this bill, but I was wrong to say that was all that it is about. It also now begins to impact one family after another across America in their healthcare. It is the same fanaticism that drove Republicans to try to take away healthcare 60-plus different times in the last Congress and the same fanati-cism that has caused them to push for-ward with repeal effort after repeal ef-fort. It is the kind of fanaticism that American citizens stood up to. It was not only the courageous votes of J
OHN MCCAIN, SUSAN COLLINS , and other Members in the Senate who stopped this wretched healthcare bill that passed through the House, but it was the fact that Americans kept say-ing: No, don’t take the right that my family has to get access to a family physician. Don’t take away my neigh-bors’ or my church members’ right to get access to protect their family with healthcare. Today, we learn that this new tax bill is being changed to do just that. It is another assault on the Affordable Care Act. In the beginning of the rush to force it through the House long before Thanksgiving, before Americans even get to give it attention, the first step that Republicans took here in the com-mittee that I serve on that considered the tax bill last week was on what we call the Alzheimer’s tax. Currently, American citizens have a right that has long existed in our tax law that if you have really serious medical expenses of over 10 percent of your income, such as a family who earns $50,000—which is now, today, a modest income—and they have over $5,000 in medical expenses, they can de-duct those from their taxes. It is called the Alzheimer’s tax be-cause so many of the families that rely on disability to deduct medical ex-penses are older people who have a family member with Alzheimer’s. They need long-term, special care, or they need someone with home health care to come and help them with this very se-rious problem. Under the bill that is before us today, they will be denied any right to con-tinue to do that. Under this bill, they will get an opportunity to pay a tax on the dollars they are having to expend for Alzheimer’s care. Of course, it is not just Alzheimer’s care. It might be a young family that has a child with a serious disability who requires home health aides or physical therapy, or it might be a woman with breast cancer whose med-ical coverage does not provide all of the treatment that she needs. Under this Republican bill, you will no longer be able to deduct one cent for all those serious, burdensome medical bills. No, they want to tax you on what you paid in excess of medical bills. We have moved today to chapter two. The bill that the House will consider will be merged with a Senate bill. The Senate has declared they will end for-ever the individual responsibility por-tions of the Affordable Care Act. Those are the provisions that ensure all Americans will participate so that we will have the largest possible risk pool and that people don’t sign up for the Affordable Care Act just after they are sick, after they have a problem. Every-one is there. It is just like you don’t sign up for fire insurance after your house is on fire. It is essential for everyone. We must reject this bill as the wrong way for America to go to deny healthcare cov-erage and impose more taxes on too many Americans. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 9 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Dr. Glynn Stone, Mobberly Baptist Church, Longview, Texas, offered the following prayer: Thank You, Lord, for these times when our Nation has recognized her need for You. God, You are our help in ages past and our hope for years to come. You can see our trust in You is engraved throughout this very build-ing. So before any speeches are heard or votes are cast or decisions are made, we recognize that our greatness comes only from Your grace. So I humbly ask You to remind each of these, Your servants, of their special responsibility, to lead in Your way, to lean on Your word, and to listen to Your voice. As they represent constitu-ents, may they defend the defenseless, protect those in danger, and promote good, so that all Americans can reflect Your image and bring glory to You and accomplish Your will. Your providential hand has promoted us to these lofty positions and will as-suredly judge our stewardship of these responsibilities. So we submit this day and ourselves to You, Jesus, my Lord. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING DR. GLYNN STONE The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OH-
MERT ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is with great joy that I welcome Dr. Glynn Stone to the House of Rep-resentatives today to serve as our guest chaplain. Dr. Stone serves at Mobberly Baptist Church in Longview as senior pastor, where he takes part in influencing oth-ers for Christ. He is husband to wife, Angie, and together, they have the joy of raising three awesome sons. Dr. Stone’s call to ministry began when he was 16 years old, serving in churches throughout the Tennessee Valley. Under Dr. Stone’s influence at Mobberly Baptist, several churches have been planted across the country as well as numerous mission trips across the world. Apart from his pastoral services, Dr. Stone has had the privilege of teaching at several colleges and universities, in-cluding Southwestern Seminary, Dal-las Baptist University, and Shorter College. Knowing Dr. Stone as a friend and as a confidant is an honor and a privilege. His dedication to the church of Jesus Christ is something to be greatly ad-mired, just as the vast number of our Founders did. He is a blessing to the multitude of people whom God has touched through him and his years of service to our Lord. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. I
SSA). The Chair will entertain up to 15 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.024 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9265 November 15, 2017 
further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF DR. EUGENE E. WILLIAMS (Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a true servant to the people, Dr. Eugene E. Williams. He is a dedicated husband to his wife, Daisy, a wonderful father, grandfather, veteran, and pastor. Sunday will be Dr. Williams’ 59th an-niversary as pastor of Mount Beulah Missionary Baptist Church in Ferriday, Louisiana. Over the course of his 59- year career, he has ministered to four other churches across Louisiana, which include Mount Sinai Baptist Church and Mount Olive Baptist Church in Ferriday, St. Mark Missionary Baptist Church in Jonesville, and New Hope Baptist Church in Ruston. In addition to his service as a pastor, he was a teacher, community orga-nizer, and the director of the LaSalle Head Start program for 28 years. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Williams is a model citizen for the people of the Fifth Dis-trict of Louisiana, and I would like to thank him for his selfless service to the community and for making my State a better place. 
f 
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH (Mrs. DEMINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong opposition to the Republican tax bill. Mr. Speaker, how much can the American people take? How many al-ternative facts will we ask them to be-lieve? How many broken promises will we ask them to overlook? The proposed tax bill is camouflaged as a tax break for the middle class, but you and I both know the only perma-nent tax breaks are for the richest peo-ple and corporations in America. As a matter of fact, over 36 million families will see a tax increase. Now, there is a new flimflam on the table. Mr. Speaker, you are well aware that Republicans have voted over 50 times to repeal the Affordable Care Act. All attempts failed. But now a re-peal of the mandate that all Americans have healthcare has mysteriously been added to the tax bill. Is it possible that tax reform is just a ruse to repeal the Affordable Care Act? Enough is enough. Mr. Speaker, I be-lieve the American people are paying attention, and I believe the American people will hold those accountable who vote against them. 
f 
HONORING ERNEST WALLS ON HIS INDUCTION INTO THE GEORGIA MILITARY VETERANS’ HALL OF FAME (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a re-markable individual from my home district, Mr. Ernest Walls of Monroe, a 93-year-old World War II veteran who was recently inducted into the Georgia Military Veterans Hall of Fame. Private First Class Walls joined the U.S. Army in the midst of World War II at the age of 18. In a display of incred-ible valor, under the 22nd Infantry Unit, he was part of the wave of troops to storm Utah Beach, the westernmost beach of the five landing areas of the Normandy invasion, where they fought their way across a killing zone without hesitation. He was later wounded and captured by the Germans. He spent a year as a prisoner of war. When asked about his heroic action, he said: ‘‘Only the grace of God helped us win the war, and America came back as the most blessed and most powerful Nation on Earth.’’ Due to an unfortunate clerical error, it took Mr. Wells nearly 55 years to re-ceive his POW status and full benefits. Thankfully, since then, he has been rightfully awarded the Bronze Star Medal, Purple Heart, French Legion of Honor, and Prisoner of War Medal. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Private Wells and to extend our personal and sincere appreciation to him, as well as all our men and women in uniform. We, as a nation, are forever grateful. f 
WHY THE HURRY? (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the tax bill. Again, we find ourselves faced with a bill that will impact every American, but my Republican colleagues are rush-ing through. They won’t even wait for the Congressional Budget Office to show us what the cost will be, to assess what this bill will do to our economy, to our children and our grandchildren. Why the hurry, Mr. Speaker? Is it in hopes that Americans won’t notice the repeal of the estate tax, a tax that only applies to people so wealthy that entire States don’t have someone affected by it in some years. Is it so that Americans won’t notice that this bill repeals the State and local tax deduction for families, but not for businesses? Or is it so that Americans won’t no-tice that it won’t tax businesses earn-ing income abroad, but it does tax indi-viduals working abroad? Eighty percent of the tax cuts in this bill go to the top 1 percent of Ameri-cans. Republicans may pretend to hope that the money will trickle down to the average American, but we know it won’t work. Trickle-down does not work. MEDIA WANTS TRUMP TO FAIL (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Pew Research Center recently stud-ied how the media covered the first 60 days of each recent administration. Not surprisingly, 62 percent of the media coverage of President Trump was negative, compared to 20 percent for President Obama and 28 percent for Presidents Bush and Clinton. As Investor’s Business Daily put it: ‘‘The media from the get-go had de-cided Trump was a bad President—be-fore any of his policies had a chance to take hold.’’ Now that his policies have taken hold and improved the economy, the media still does not want President Trump to succeed. You have seldom heard or read a word about our strong economic growth, the record-breaking stock mar-ket, high consumer confidence, and the record-high household income. The liberal media seldom highlight this news because they would have to credit President Trump’s successful policies. When the liberal media give the American people the facts and present the news objectively, they will have earned our trust. Until then, they just serve as another biased source of information. f 
CORPORATE TAX CUT SHOULD BE REJECTED (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, New York State contributes $41 billion, annually, to the Federal Government in taxation. The House Republican corporate tax bill cut is being funded by tax increases on mid-dle America and on western New York. The elimination of the State and local tax deduction would be a major hit on local taxpayers. In fact, in Erie County, 89 percent of middle-income households claimed the State and local tax deduction in 2015, deducting $1.6 billion in already-paid local taxes. The average State and local tax deduction in Erie County was $12,866. This corporate tax cut is being fund-ed by tax hikes on middle America and on western New Yorkers and should be rejected. 
f 
TAX CUTS (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, this is a his-toric week, one that has been 31 years in the making. In a once-in-a-genera-tion vote, we will vote to cut taxes for the middle class and unleash the power of the American economy. Our Tax Code is more than 70,000 pages of opaque rules and regulations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.016 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9266 November 15, 2017 
that cost Americans money and jobs. In critical ways, our Tax Code gives ex-plicit economic advantage to our for-eign competitors. That changes with this bill. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act puts the American taxpayer and the American economy first. The bill cuts taxes for individuals and families in every tax bracket. By lowering rates, doubling the standard deduction, and increasing the child tax credit, hardworking Amer-ican families can keep more money in their paychecks. The average family of four earning $55,000 will see a tax cut of over $1,000. This bill will supercharge our econ-omy by making everyone play by the same rules. It substantially reduces taxes on small businesses and manufac-turers. This means more jobs, more money, and more opportunity for American workers. Tax reform is the single best thing we can do for our economy. I urge all my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX SCAM (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, just call-ing this tax bill a middle class tax bill does not make it so. You actually have to read the bill. And if you do, you will find that the vast majority of the ben-efit goes to the people at the very top: the wealthiest Americans, multi-national corporations. They are the beneficiaries of this Republican tax scam. Saying it benefits the middle class does not make it so, and, in fact, many in the middle class, tens of millions of people in the middle class, will pay more taxes so that we can do what? Give huge tax breaks to the people at the very top. And how do they pay for that? They borrow money. All these deficit hawks, all these peo-ple over here who have said over and over again that it is immoral to pass debt on to our children and grand-children will walk to the floor of this House and they will vote to send $1.5 trillion in debt to their kids and grandkids to give corporations and the wealthiest Americans a tax break. It is immoral. It is immoral. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE FREEDOM 5K FOR PTSD (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight an exciting event at Penn State that raises awareness about veterans who suffer from post-traumatic stress dis-order. The Freedom 5K for PTSD is the brainchild of some of Penn State’s ca-dets. Nicholas Pisciotta organized the 2016 run, and Joshua Stein organized this year’s event. Mr. Speaker, these dedicated cadets said they felt it was important to take care of the men and women who have fought for our country and are still fighting for the freedoms that we enjoy today. The proceeds from the event support the Lone Survivor Foundation, which provides support for wounded service-members, their spouses and children, by empowering them with helpful in-formation on how to address post-trau-matic stress, mild traumatic brain in-jury, chronic pain, military sexual trauma, and care partner stress. The Freedom 5K also honors the spir-it of Navy SEAL Lieutenant Michael Murphy, a Penn State alumnus, who made the ultimate sacrifice as part of Operation Red Wings. Mr. Speaker, I commend these cur-rent and future servicemembers for not only organizing this impactful event, but for caring about their fellow mili-tary men and women. f 
b1215 HOUSE DEMOCRATS CONTINUE TO FOCUS ON BETTER JOBS, BET-TER WAGES, AND A BETTER FU-TURE (Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, while House Democrats continue to focus on better jobs, better wages, and a better future for the American people, House Republicans have put forward a phony, fraudulent, and fake tax reform plan. The Republican tax scam will raise taxes on 36 million middle class fami-lies, undermine Medicare, and explode the deficit. It will saddle our children and grandchildren with more than $1 trillion in additional debt simply to pay for massive tax cuts for million-aires, for billionaires, for special inter-est corporations, and for the privileged few. It is all being done simply to sub-sidize the lifestyles of the rich and shameless. It is a Ponzi scheme. It is a heat-seeking missile aimed directly at middle class families. It is a flimflam, and it must be defeated. 
f 
CONSTRUCTION TO LOWER YEL-LOWSTONE INTAKE PROJECT MUST BE COMPLETED (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, for 110 years, the Lower Yellowstone In-take Project has provided a dependable supply of water to over 58,000 acres of family farms in Montana and North Dakota. It has created over 10,000 acres of wildlife habitat. To protect the endangered pallid sturgeon, Congress funded a bypass channel and weir improvement so that the fish could circumvent the diversion that had been there for 110 years. The proposed construction would also pro-tect regional groundwater, the environ-ment, and agricultural communities. Unfortunately, a U.S. district judge blocked the project this summer be-cause, as he claims, it does nothing for the sturgeon. His ruling to halt con-struction does nothing to help the stur-geon. His ruling does nothing to help the communities that rely on the project’s irrigation water. I urge the Army Corps of Engineers to move forward with the work on the Lower Yellowstone Intake Project. The completion of this project is urgent to protect species’ habitats and agricul-tural activities in Montana. f 
THE STORY OF HUGO FROM SALEM, OREGON (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the story of Hugo from Salem, Oregon, and I continue to urge Speaker R
YAN to put forth a clean Dream Act. Hugo is an undocumented Oregonian originally from Veracruz, Mexico. His only memory of Mexico is saying good- bye to his parents as a child before leaving for Salem. In high school, Hugo played football, he was a JROTC commander, a youth police cadet, and a firefighter explorer. He quickly moved from ESL into hon-ors classes, and graduated at the top of his class. Hugo earned the privilege of delivering the commencement speech at his graduation. All of this, along with his dedication to community service, led to the city of Salem recognizing Hugo as Youth of the Year. Because of Hugo’s immigration sta-tus, however, after leaving high school, his only job was a field hand. That is until DACA. Hugo was able to enroll at the Uni-versity of Oregon, working multiple jobs to pay for his tuition, and earned his bachelor’s degree in economics. He now works as a banker, and volunteers as a teacher in financial literacy for families. But in 10 months, his work permit will expire. Mr. Speaker, let’s protect 800,000 DACA recipients across this country, like Hugo. 
f 
THE 21ST CENTURY FLOOD REFORM ACT IS NEEDED REFORM (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, a wise man said that insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result. The definition of public bankruptcy is not having enough public taxes to pay public debts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.018 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9267 November 15, 2017 
This means that the current National Flood Insurance Program is both in-sane and bankrupt. It is insane because taxpayers pay when others’ homes are flooded. They pay again when the same homes are flooded a second time and a third time and a fourth time. The GAO confirmed that the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program has created a flood of taxpayer debt; $23 billion in March of 2016. Three recent major hurricanes on the Gulf Coast doesn’t help. Because Texas 22 had record floods when Hurricane Harvey hit in May, I was proud to be one of 237 Members to vote for needed reform, the 21st Cen-tury Flood Reform Act. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Senate col-leagues to do the same. Give America a Christmas present before Santa Claus comes to town. 
f 
LET’S WORK TOGETHER TO CRAFT A TAX REFORM BILL (Ms. TSONGAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, tomor-row the House will vote on H.R. 1, the so-called Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which Republicans say will support America’s middle class. Unfortunately, that is not the case. Middle-income Americans will re-ceive, at best, one-fifth of the promised benefit of these tax cuts. According to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, H.R. 1 will raise taxes on 36 million hardworking middle class American households. It scraps benefits our families depend on, like the student loan interest and medical expense deductions. Imagine, in a time when access to higher edu-cation is critical to a family’s eco-nomic well-being, making it even more expensive. This legislation was written behind closed doors, in secret, without Demo-cratic input and without any hearings. Mr. Speaker, a bill to overhaul the Tax Code, the results of which will af-fect every American for decades to come, deserves open and transparent consideration. I urge my colleagues to work together to instead craft a tax re-form bill that truly lifts up the middle class and invests in our future. 
f 
THANKFUL FOR CHANGE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, as we approach Thanksgiving 2017, I am thankful for the change since election 2016 and the positive success of President Donald Trump and Vice President M
IKEPENCE to cut taxes to create jobs. In the House, led by Speaker P
AUL R
YAN, there have been records set on productivity. As of this week, there have been 458 bills passed out of com-mittee, more than the last five admin-istrations; 407 bills passed out of the House, more than the last five adminis-trations; and 82 bills signed by the President. There is progress for limited government and expanded freedom. President Trump has also restored trust in America as a beacon for free-dom with his strong friendship with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan, and President Emmanuel Ma-cron of France. He has championed lib-erty with 50 Muslim nations in Saudi Arabia, with stunning tributes in War-saw and with the National Assembly in Seoul this week. President Trump’s success in cre-ating jobs is clear with the Dow Jones, achieving 50 new highs and soaring. Consumer confidence is at a record high, establishing 261,000 new jobs in October alone. Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
THE GOP TAX PLAN (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, my Re-publican colleagues have gone too far. Their tax scheme gives $1.5 trillion in tax cuts to millionaires and billion-aires as well as wealthy corporations. It raises taxes on 36 million middle class families; makes deep cuts to Med-icaid and Medicare, education, and in-frastructure investments; and creates more incentives to ship American jobs overseas. Now they are planning to sneak in a provision that targets the heart of the Affordable Care Act and strips more than 13 million Americans of their ac-cess to healthcare. This is not a tax re-form plan. It is a tax scam. Democrats and Republicans should be working together to fix an economy and a Tax Code that is rigged against working people. The American people need real tax reform that invests in middle class families, stops corpora-tions from shipping jobs overseas, and protects Medicare and Medicaid and other vital investments in healthcare, education, and infrastructure. Mr. Speaker, this bill does just the opposite. It deserves to be defeated, and the American people deserve a bet-ter deal. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THREE NATIONAL BLUE RIBBON SCHOOLS IN MICHIGAN (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I am honored to be here today to recognize three National Blue Ribbon schools in my district. Each year, the Department of Edu-cation recognizes some of the top schools from across the United States. The Blue Ribbon award is a remarkable achievement that recognizes the out-standing work done by exceptional edu-cators and the hard work of dedicated students. I would like to congratulate Hamlin Elementary School; Brewster Elemen-tary School; and my own alma mater, Rochester Adams High School, for being recognized as being some of the best educational institutions there are. I know this personally, as two of my children attend Rochester Adams High School. From my experience with these schools, what sets them apart is the teachers don’t wait to generate enthu-siasm for learning. Each and every stu-dent is empowered to do things for themselves, to take on challenges, to push their minds, and to think of things in different ways. All of these schools are exceptional and are filled with the love of learning and are devoted to preparing students for all stages of life. All three schools serve the Rochester community and my hometown of Rochester. Mr. Speaker, congratulations again to all these outstanding schools. Their selfless devotion to their students is something for which we all can take to heart. Our children are our future, and these Blue Ribbon schools are com-mitted to making it a bright one. f 
ROLLINS DEMOCRACY PROJECT IS A SUCCESS (Mrs. MURPHY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, in a nationwide competition, Rol-lins College achieved one of the highest student voter turnout rates in the 2016 Presidential election. I want to recognize the hardworking students and faculty at the Rollins De-mocracy Project for this accomplish-ment, which reflects the school’s com-mitment to preparing the next genera-tion of engaged citizens and global leaders. As Justice Brandeis once observed, the only title in our democracy supe-rior to that of President is the title of citizen. Our democracy withers when our citizens are disengaged from and cyn-ical about the political process. How-ever, it is strongest when our citizens are engaged and informed. Our democ-racy works best when our citizens use their voice and their vote to hold elect-ed leaders accountable. It thrives when our citizens understand that, while the right to vote is sacred, it is only power-ful if it is exercised. Mr. Speaker, that is why what this school accomplished is so important and why I am so proud to represent Rollins College in Congress. 
f 
IT IS TIME FOR CONGRESS TO RE-PEAL OBAMACARE’S INDIVIDUAL FORCED MANDATE (Mr. HARRIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.021 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9268 November 15, 2017 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to praise President Trump and my Republican colleagues in the House and Senate for coming together to de-velop the first major tax reform plan that our Nation has seen since 1986. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act we are considering is going to deliver real tax relief to middle class families and small businesses. However, there is more work to be done. Here in the U.S., we don’t settle for good enough. Congress can make the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act even better for the American people by including a repeal of ObamaCare’s individual man-date. No American should ever be forced to purchase something that they don’t want. That is not freedom. That is not the American way. For 3 years now, Federal Government bureaucrats have forced Americans to purchase insur-ance they can’t afford and don’t want. Mr. Speaker, it is time for Congress to repeal ObamaCare’s individual forced mandate. 
f 
b1230 DEPORTATION OF VETERANS (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, most Americans would be outraged to learn that hundreds, if not thousands, of vet-erans have been deported after serving honorably in the United States mili-tary, but this is the shocking truth about our broken immigration system. These unjust deportations of vet-erans are still occurring. Let me cite the case of Chong Hwan Kim, a South Korean immigrant who has lived in this country since he was 5 years old. In 2009, he was deployed to Iraq and was honorably discharged a year later. Legal permanent residents qualify for citizenship if they serve just one day on Active Duty during a time of war. Suffering from PTSD and facing the same challenges that many veterans face reintegrating into society, Kim broke the law, and because he never completed the process of becoming a citizen, he currently awaits deporta-tion. Veterans like Chong Hwan Kim de-serve better. They deserve the dignity and respect that we afford to all who serve, and they deserve to enjoy the rights they risked their lives to pro-tect. 
f 
HONORING MAGGIE M CNEILL OF ASHE COUNTY (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to salute a brave, dedicated nurse of Ashe County, North Carolina, Mrs. Maggie McNeill. Recently, the Fifth Congressional District of North Carolina experienced torrential downpours and flooding, causing severe damage to many resi-dents and their property. Mrs. McNeill, scheduled for her shift at Ashe Memorial Hospital, found her car’s path blocked by flood waters and a downed tree. Undeterred by this dan-ger, Mrs. McNeill hiked on foot up a steep hill to her helpful father who gave her a ride to the hospital in time to help deliver two babies. What a fantastic role model Mrs. McNeill is. She understood she was needed, and she risked herself to get to her patients. She exemplifies the best characteristics of Americans. Mr. Speaker, I know I speak for many when I say that future genera-tions of the Ashe County community are blessed by Mrs. McNeill’s dedica-tion to her calling. f 
OPPOSING THE TAX BILL (Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the Republican’s tax scam that has been jammed through this Chamber without normal order, without public debate, and without consideration for our Nation’s future. I represent the heart of Las Vegas, a city that was one of the hardest hit during the financial crisis. Many of my constituents are just beginning to re-cover from the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, and this tax bill will greatly hinder their progress. Some 20 percent of my constituents itemize their deductions, the vast ma-jority of whom earn under $75,000 per year. These families will all see a tax hike if this bill becomes law because the deductions for student loans, med-ical expenses, sales tax, and some mortgages will all disappear. The sad reality is, they won’t just feel the hit on April 15, tax day. They will feel it every single day. The deficit that this bill will create will lead to State and local governments missing out on needed Federal funding, and they will either have to slash vital pro-grams or raise taxes at that level. If the Senate has its way, they will cut Medicare by $25 billion and repeal the ACA. This is not a tax reform. It is a system that will be rigged. 
f 
NATIONAL ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE AWARENESS MONTH AND FIND-ING A CURE (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the month of No-vember as National Alzheimer’s Dis-ease Awareness Month and to highlight the need for continued funding to find a cure. In 1983, when President Reagan des-ignated this month to help raise aware-ness for Alzheimer’s, there were less than 2 million Americans who suffered from this disease. Today, there are nearly 5.4 million Americans with Alz-heimer’s. Finding a cure to this disease is a smart health policy decision we can make, and it might also be the most critical economic proposal. The cost of caring for Alzheimer’s patients in the U.S. was estimated to be $236 billion in 2016, which is more than $200 billion greater than the total funding for re-search provided by the NIH for all dis-eases. Investments in research have led to some great news in Kansas. The Uni-versity of Kansas announced that it will participate in the trial of a new drug intended to prevent or delay Alz-heimer’s. Further, KU researchers are continuing to work on other preventa-tive studies. Mr. Speaker, as we must continue to provide resources that we need to find a cure for this disease, I am proud of the work being done at KU and across the Nation. We will continue to be re-lentless in our fight to cure Alz-heimer’s. f 
DEPORTED VETERANS (Mr. VARGAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of veterans of the United States Armed Forces who have been unceremoniously deported. In the 1990s, the immigration law changes eliminated judicial discretion and reclassified many low-level, non-violent offenses as aggravated felonies mandating deportation. As a result, the United States has banished an un-known number of veterans. In many cases, these were minor offenses com-mitted by veterans who succumbed to the difficulties of readjusting to civil-ian life. Many are combat veterans who sus-tained physical wounds and emotional trauma in conflicts going back to the war in Vietnam. This banishment effec-tively denies these men access to often critically needed medical care. Regardless of immigration status, all U.S. military veterans are entitled to treatment at the Department of Vet-erans Affairs medical facilities, yet very few of these deported veterans are granted the necessary waivers to ac-cess the care either in the States or abroad. In fact, most of these veterans, the only way they are going to return is in a box, dead, because they do have the right to be buried in a veterans’ ceme-tery. Let’s do the right thing and bring these veterans home so they can get the care they need. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.023 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9269 November 15, 2017 
INDIVIDUAL TAXES WILL NOT GO UP (Mr. BURGESS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I want to share with you a letter that was re-ceived in the Rules Committee last night. It is a letter actually addressed to Chairman K
EVIN BRADY of the Ways and Means Committee. It is from the Joint Committee on Taxation. It is a long letter. I will not read all of it. Some of it is difficult to understand, but let me pick out the important points. In each case, the taxpayers’ total in-come tax liability is lower. Here is their concluding paragraph: 
In its totality, the combined effect of the tax rate and the income threshold and amendments made by the bill, along with the increase in the standard deduction, would not, in and of themselves, result in an in-crease in the amount of tax imposed on vir-tually any filer as a result of these changes. 
Translation: no one’s taxes go up; not 36 million; not 3,600; not 36. According to the Joint Committee on Taxation, that number is zero, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
SAVE HEALTHCARE, REJECT REPUBLICAN TAX BILL (Mr. DOGGETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, this wretched Republican tax bill threatens the health of millions. That is why Re-publicans are rushing this sham through in record pace. They want to pass it before most Americans know what has hit them. It is amazing that, on this Alz-heimer’s Awareness Month, they cele-brate it by imposing a new Alzheimer’s tax. Families paying thousands of dol-lars to care for a loved one would lose the right that they have today to de-duct those huge expenses. It is not just a tax on Alzheimer’s, but on any sub-stantial healthcare expense. As if that were not bad enough, they pursue with their fanatical zeal the de-struction of ObamaCare. Again, they would remove one of the key pillars that will lead to denying coverage for those with preexisting conditions be-cause their insurance premiums will soar. It will mean that millions of Ameri-cans will lose their healthcare cov-erage. Protect your health. Reject this sorry Republican tax bill. 
f 
BRING DEPORTED VETERANS HOME (Mr. CASTRO of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank all those who have served our great Nation in the Armed Forces. On Veterans Day, we reflected on the sacrifices these brave men and women have made to keep us safe. Yet few Americans realize that U.S. citi-zenship is not required for military service, and even fewer know that our Nation has gone as far as deporting veterans. My colleagues and I in the Congres-sional Hispanic Caucus visited the De-ported Veterans Support House in Ti-juana, Mexico, to learn more about this issue. We heard stories about their service, deportation, and separation from family members. Ivan Ocon was born in Mexico and came to the United States when he was 7 years old. He enlisted in the Army after high school, ‘‘to serve the only country he knew to be his home.’’ Ivan deployed to Iraq, Jordan, and Korea and received an honorable discharge. Ultimately, he was deported to Mexico and had to leave his family behind, in-cluding his U.S.-born daughter. Congress can and should pass legisla-tion that brings these deported vet-erans home. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STEVEN BERGER (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Steven Berger, a loving son, brother, and fa-ther of three. Growing up in Wisconsin, Steven was active in many sports. At 6′6″, Steven was a standout basketball player in high school and later played in college. Steven lived in Minnesota where he worked as a financial adviser and was a loving father to his three children. His friends and family describe him as charismatic, full of energy, and larger than life—the type of man who breathed life into every room. He was also an avid fisherman and loved talking about stocks and com-petitive sports. Steven traveled to the Route 91 Har-vest music festival in Las Vegas with friends to celebrate his 44th birthday. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my condolences to Steven Berger’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Ne-vada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 15, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 15, 2017, at 11:34 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 534. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1, TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 17, 2017, THROUGH NOVEMBER 24, 2017 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 619 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 619 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-39 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amend-ment thereto, to final passage without inter-vening motion except: (1) four hours of de-bate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. Clause 5(b) of rule XXI shall not apply to the bill or amendments thereto. S
EC. 2. Upon passage of H.R. 1, the amend-ment to the title of such bill recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted. S
EC. 3. On any legislative day during the period from November 17, 2017, through No-vember 27, 2017— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 4. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 3 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), my dear friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.026 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9270 November 15, 2017 
b1245 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I want to start by saying that I would offer my thanks and collegial admiration and respect to the members of the Rules Committee who, last night, once again, on an expedited basis, spent time devoted to the duty that they have not only to their party, but also to the House of Representatives acting on behalf of the American people. The gentlewoman, Ms. S
LAUGHTER ; the gentleman, Mr. H
ASTINGS ; the gen-tleman, Mr. P
OLIS; and certainly our friend from Worcester, Massachusetts, the gentleman, Mr. M
CGOVERN , con-ducted themselves not only in the highest of spirit, but they also pro-duced what I believe was a fair argu-ment, a product that they could be proud of. Each of the witnesses that came before us, including Democratic Members of Congress and Republican Members of Congress, provided, I be-lieve, top-notch testimony and infor-mation on behalf of their ideas. I personally want to thank Judge H
ASTINGS for his time last night, which was late into the night, and today. My admiration and respect for his collegial activity is to be respected and appre-ciated. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this rule and the underlying legisla-tion. The rule provides for consider-ation of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Last November, the November which was 1 year ago, the American people spoke, and they spoke clearly. I believe they stood up and demanded change and action on our economy. They de-manded an increase in understanding about America’s lack in GDP growth, and they saw all across the country companies that continue to move over-seas. They saw movement in our econ-omy where people moved from one State to another seeking better oppor-tunities. I believe that the American people have spoken. We not only heard that, but we are trying to make decisions now that would not only help every single area of the country by picking those businesses that might be in the city, in the town and location that they want to be, but by infusing them with the opportunity to stay, to stay because they can not only make a go of it, but they can be competitive in the world market. Lowering tax rates in this country will help the middle class of this coun-try. It will help jobs and job creation. That is why we are here today. We are here today as a Republican Party where we are trying to work with the President of the United States, the United States Senate, and the House of Representatives to speak clearly about not only what we stand for, but our hopes and dreams for a better oppor-tunity for all Americans tomorrow and in the future. Mr. Speaker, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act delivers on those promises that I just spoke of. This is a bold, progrowth bill that will overhaul our Tax Code and unleash the free enterprise system not just in my home State of Texas or in my city of Dallas, but, really, every-where where business wants to be, it can flourish in an unfettered way be-cause we are now going to be competi-tive. It lowers tax rates on all busi-nesses of all sizes so job creators can focus on not only their product and sales, but they can hire more people, increasing paychecks and growth. Growth actually is the key to what we are talking about today. Economic growth brings abundant opportunity: opportunity for people not only to have a job, but to have a career, control their own lives and make sure they can live where they want to live and so they can make their community stronger. That is this Republican view-point of what we are trying to get at, Mr. Speaker. With the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized world, today’s broken Tax Code here in America forces many businesses to move their jobs, research, and headquarters over-seas seeking opportunities in a world environment of competition where they can survive and they can become more competitive. A corporate tax rate of 20 percent encourages American companies to bring their jobs back to the United States, opening up oppor-tunity. This decrease is fundamental to making the United States more com-petitive once again. The number one reason why America is not competitive in the world is no longer because of energy costs; it is no longer because we have the highest priced employees, no, sir. It is because Uncle Sam, State, and local taxes make it noncompetitive, which creates a higher cost as we compete around the globe. This legislation will modernize the international Tax Code, also bringing back opportunities for American com-panies that want to bring their profits back home and encourage U.S. busi-nesses to bring foreign earnings home, unleashing what will be, over some pe-riod of time, trillions of dollars that can come back home. It reduces the tax burden on all pass-through businesses regardless of their structure or their sector. This legisla-tion provides tax relief for job creators and creates capital investments, in-vestments that will drive growth, once again, of paychecks and opportunities for growth. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a direct and immediate boost for middle-income Americans who have been struggling to get by, let alone get ahead. Mr. Speaker, you will hear today how we are going to have a new tax brack-et. All Americans until they, as indi-viduals, earn $12,000 and two working people at home earning $24,000 worth of income will not pay tax on that. It is intended entirely to help the middle class of this country. H.R. 1 is about the entrepreneur, the family of four, the small-business owner, and the American people. The United States is already the greatest place in the world to live. We are proud to be Americans. But we have to be competitive in the world marketplace. Mr. Speaker, 70 percent of the tax benefits in this legislation go directly to the middle class. The American peo-ple want and need, I believe, to learn not only more about this bill, but how it will incentivize them to Make Amer-ica Great Again. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased that the gentleman from Texas, my good friend, yielded me the customary 30 minutes for debate. Once again, my Republican col-leagues have decided that the best way to govern is through obfuscation, mathematical gimmicks, and a rushed and closed process, and all in an obvi-ous attempt to hide from the American people the devastating consequences the Republican-led tax scam bill will have on working class and middle class Americans. Just so we are all crystal clear on this point: Who, under this tax bill, benefits on the backs of working and middle class Americans? Yes, folks, it is the wealthy corporations and the richest among us. The Republican majority has made lofty claims about their bill, saying that because of this legislation, every-one gets a tax cut, jobs will be plenti-ful, and that the economy will grow ex-ponentially and astronomically. The White House has even said that the tax cuts would result in each household re-ceiving an additional $5,000 to $9,000 in annual income. Mr. Speaker, it seems there isn’t anything that Republican leadership won’t say to get their own Members to vote for this bill. Mr. Speaker, they can make all the claims they want, but the actual tax experts who have analyzed this bill paint a much darker picture about the consequences of this legislation. Ac-cording to one nonpartisan tax anal-ysis, today’s Republican plan will re-sult in a tax increase for 38 million middle class Americans. Not to worry, though. While these hardworking middle class families have to deal with the tax increase, the rich-est 0.2 percent of Americans will get a windfall. In fact, the estate provision in this bill alone would allow the heirs of just 11 ultrawealthy individuals to pocket up to $67.5 billion. An estimated 80 percent of the tax cuts in this legis-lation will go to wealthy corporations and the richest 1 percent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.030 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9271 November 15, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, even more astonishing, a recent analysis by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office indicates that this Republican tax bill could trigger automatic cuts to mandatory spending to the tune of $136 billion, in-cluding $25 billion in the Medicare cut. Let that sink in, because actually what is getting ready to happen here is we are going to have a $1.5 trillion def-icit, and these deficit hawks on the other side are then going to turn right back around and say that we need to pay for these things. Then watch out Medicare, Social Security, and Med-icaid, because that is the objective, in my view, in the first place. In order to cut taxes for the ultrawealthy and corporations, my Re-publican colleagues are not only rais-ing taxes on the middle class, but are now potentially triggering a $25 billion cut to Medicare. If this inequity were not staggering enough, Americans also have to keep in mind that today’s Republican tax give-away to corporate America and the ultrawealthy is not only on the backs of the middle class, but also future gen-erations, as this bill will explode our national debt by an estimated $1.5 tril-lion over the next 10 years. Not surprisingly, Republicans are making the tired excuse that these cuts will pay for themselves. If they did, then we would have the easiest jobs in the world. Just cut taxes, and magically we will have even more rev-enue to pay for the important needs of our country. That sounds a lot like the old trickle-down-which-never-worked economics. It sounds that way to me, and we all know that as far as eco-nomic theories go, that one was and is a complete and total dud. Mr. Speaker, to summarize the ma-jority’s attempt to overhaul our Tax Code for the first time in 30 years: they raise taxes on middle class Americans, cut taxes for the wealthiest Americans and corporations, and manage to ex-plode the debt all at the same time—all this while also leading the most closed Congress in history and shutting out Members of Congress who represent nearly half of the American people. Hear that, America: a lot of your Representatives had no opportunity to say or do anything regarding the meas-ure that we are discussing. Mr. Speaker, let us step back and really get a full view of how callous this bill is for our Nation by looking at how the bill treats middle class Ameri-cans versus its treatment of the ultrawealthy and corporate America. Under this Republican tax scam bill, a working class schoolteacher who buys supplies for his or her students would not be able to deduct that ex-pense, but a corporation that buys sup-plies for itself would be able to use such a deduction. Under this Republican tax bill, a middle class homeowner would see their property tax deduction capped at $10,000, but a corporation would not face the same cap. Under this Republican tax bill, if a worker was forced to relocate for his or her job—footnote there, including the military—because the company moved or, in the case of the military, they were relocated, he or she would not be able to deduct that moving expense; but if a corporation decided to relo-cate, even to relocate overseas, it will be able to deduct its moving expense. Mr. Speaker, the list goes on. But we shouldn’t be surprised. As the old adage goes, bad process makes for bad policy. Not since the Republicans’ failed at-tempt to strip healthcare away from millions of Americans have we seen a process that is this bad. Take, for example, the last time Con-gress passed major tax reform legisla-tion in 1986 and what that process looked like. During that effort, the Ways and Means Committee held a month of public hearings and took tes-timony from over 450 witnesses. b1300 The legislation before us now has had no—zero—public hearings and testi-mony from no—zero—expert witnesses. During the last tax reform overhaul, the Ways and Means Committee spent 26 days marking up the framework of the legislation. This time around, Re-publicans spent only 4 days marking up the legislation. The 1986 legislation framework was released a year before it was passed in the House. In contrast, the framework for this bill was released less than a month before they started today’s process of jamming their final bill through the House. There were no hear-ings and no amendments made in order. From start to finish, there was less than a month of actual consider-ation. Much like the majority’s rushed healthcare processes that produced an abysmal, destructive bill that would hurt working class Americans, this rushed process has produced a tax bill that benefits corporations and the wealthiest Americans, all while man-aging to raise taxes on the middle class and adding $1.5 trillion to the deficit. Mr. Speaker, the Republican major-ity is lurching from one bad bill to the next with speed—not thoughtful pol-icy—seemingly being the only goal. It begs the question: What is the rush? As a matter of fact, I don’t even think we need a tax bill of this con-sequence. According to them, the econ-omy is roaring, unemployment is low, interest rates are low. So what is wrong with certainly leaving the wealthy in the category that they are in? Why are my Republican colleagues setting an arbitrary deadline of passing a tax bill by Thanksgiving, instead of focusing on thoughtful policy and get-ting the substance right in a bipartisan fashion? Everyone agrees that we need to do something about the Tax Code. Demo-crats have been ready to work with Re-publicans on this effort, but have been shut out of the process at every turn. Why? The only logical conclusion is that this has nothing to do with policy and everything to do with politics. It has nothing to do with helping the middle class, but instead is a callous political maneuver aimed at salvaging a stalled and ever-failing Republican agenda. We are about to end the year with nothing having been done of con-sequence. Mr. Speaker, don’t take my word for it. This conclusion is not based on my own opinion. Some of my Republican colleagues have admitted as much. When asked about the need to move on to tax reform quickly, one of my es-teemed colleagues on the other side of the aisle was heard to say: ‘‘My donors are basically saying, ‘Get it done or don’t ever call me again.’’’ Likewise, on the other side of the Capitol, one Republican has stated that, if the Republicans fail on tax re-form, just as they did on healthcare, fi-nancial contributions will stop. Mr. Speaker, I don’t think politics should dictate our efforts to reform something as significant as the Tax Code. Our guiding light should be to help working folks get a leg up. The only way to do that is to work in a bi-partisan, deliberate manner, hearing from experts and the American people, as they did in 1986, and not as my Re-publican friends have done this time around, spending a mere 3 weeks, with no hearings, no bipartisan efforts, sim-ply to give us something done before Thanksgiving. That approach only gets you what we have here before us today: a bill that, in my opinion, does more harm than good to middle class Americans and puts our country further into debt. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentle-man’s observations. We don’t have 4
1⁄2 years to work through the process that he talked about. The American people want and need something done right now. I say to the gentleman that he is right, the economy is roaring—and it has been roaring since the day Donald Trump won the election—with an ex-pectation of performance. Why are we doing this now? Why at Thanksgiving? Why at the end of the year? We are going to see that American business, as it makes plans for the fu-ture, is going to look up and say: We have got a better shot at keeping jobs here. We have got a better shot at being competitive here. I think what is going to happen is you are going to see this boom, this big opportunity that is already well under-way, to continue. But it is up to us to deliver that. It will be one party. It will be those pesky Republicans that will get it done. We are going to get it done, Mr. Speaker. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9272 November 15, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ), a member of the Rules Committee. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Rules Committee for yielding. Today, the House of Representatives is considering tax reform for the first time since 1986. In the last 31 years, the world has changed a lot and it is time that we bring the Tax Code into the 21st cen-tury. This needed tax reform will put our country on a path to long-term economic stability and help hard-working families around the country get ahead. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will help American families in important ways. First, it focuses on Americans in the middle of the earning scale by doubling the standard deduction and creating a new family flexibility credit for non-dependents. Taxpayers will be able to deduct even more from their taxable income, reducing the need for tedious itemization. In addition, the bill repeals the alter-native minimum tax. This tax was never intended to be as broad as it has become, but because it was not indexed for inflation when it was introduced, many of us find ourselves having to calculate our taxes twice to see if we are ensnared by the alternative min-imum tax. It is time for this one to go away. With decreased taxation, American families have more money in their pockets, resulting in greater contribu-tions to the economy. The bill also alleviates some of the cost of raising children by expanding the child tax credit. It preserves the adoption tax credit so parents can con-tinue to receive additional tax relief as they open their hearts and their homes to an adopted child. This bill reduces the number of tax brackets from seven to four, with rates of zero, 12, 25 and 35 percent for most taxpayers. It does preserve the 39.6 per-cent rate of the previous administra-tion for the highest earners. These re-forms will help simplify the Tax Code and make it more competitive for hardworking American families. I am grateful the Ways and Means Committee kept the step-up in basis, despite repealing the estate tax by 2024. The step-up in basis is an important component of estate planning when people are planning for future genera-tions. This will allow people who may experience a tragedy to continue own-ership of family property without bear-ing excessive penalties. Mr. Speaker, I am a supporter of the flat tax. I have introduced H.R. 1040 in every term that I have been in office, but I recognize this bill makes a lot of needed reforms and repeals some cred-its while maintaining those important to American taxpayers. Donors will still be able to make tax- exempt charitable contributions, em-ployers will still be able to contribute to 401(k) retirement savings accounts, new homeowners will be able to deduct the interest expense on up to $500,000 of a mortgage, and no changes are made as to Social Security. I was actually hoping we could lower Social Security taxes. We couldn’t. But we certainly do not increase Social Se-curity taxes, despite what some of the fake news says. Students will continue receiving a credit through the consolidated Amer-ican opportunity tax credit. Simply put, this bill will promote growth at middle-income levels, create a more favorable business environ-ment, and continue important tax credits. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ), a member of the Rules Committee. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I have a question for my colleagues: What do you have against students? This tax bill means that if an em-ployer provides tuition assistance, the student is going to have to pay income tax on that. Students who borrow money for school have to pay interest on the loan. Students who want to get low interest rates are going to have to pay high interest rates because of the elimination of the private activity bond. The second question I have is this: What do you have against democracy? This bill was written in secret. There were no public hearings on this bill. Nobody had a chance to have any input. That is why, if you ask 435 Mem-bers of Congress, if they want to raise taxes on students, the answer from 435 would be ‘‘no.’’ But you have rigged this bill so that we have literally no opportunity to offer a single amend-ment. That is wrong. This bill was written by and for the donor class. Let’s defeat this bill and stand up for the middle class. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Y
ODER ). Members are reminded to di-rect their remarks to the Chair and not to other Members. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ), a member of the Rules Committee. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Rules Com-mittee, my friend, for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this rule as well as the un-derlying legislation, H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This legislation demonstrates a com-mitment to my constituents and all of the American people to provide relief. Our current Tax Code contains over 70,000 pages of rules and provisions. Within these pages are hundreds of loopholes and carve-outs that only spe-cial interests can fully understand and access. At the very core of this legislation is a matter of fairness. By passing this rule and supporting the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we will be making a profound reform of our Tax Code toward a sys-tem that is simpler, flatter, and fairer to American families across the coun-try. According to analysis by the Tax Foundation, which is an independent, nonpartisan tax policy nonprofit, this legislation would stimulate GDP growth up to 4 percent and provide more than 3 percent of a wage increase. In my home State of Washington, it is projected that almost 22,000 new jobs will be created and a middle class fam-ily in my State is projected to gain over $3,000 in after-tax income, should this bill be signed into law. This means real and significant eco-nomic growth, with tens of thousands of new jobs in my State alone, and more money staying in the pocket of central Washingtonians. Mr. Speaker, I have been dis-appointed in the dialogue surrounding this legislation from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. The accusa-tions that this will be a massive tax hike on the middle class are patently false. Unfortunately, these claims are being made by Federal officials right here in Washington, D.C., all the way to my State capital in Washington State. In my congressional district, over 80 percent of the people file their taxes using the standard deduction. This bill actually doubles the standard deduc-tion for middle class families and for all Americans. This allows families I represent in Moses Lake, Omak, and Tri-Cities to save more money on their tax bill without having to jump through complicated loopholes and pore over their tax preparations for hours. However, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle refuse to ac-knowledge that fact. This bill lowers individual tax rates for low- and middle-income Americans and continues to maintain the highest rate of 39.6 percent for the wealthiest of Americans. It eliminates special in-terest deductions, expands the child tax credit, establishes a new family credit for families taking care of a loved one, and it preserves the adop-tion tax credit. It allows a small business in Othello or a farmer in Yakima to immediately write off the full cost of new equip-ment. It repeals the unfair estate tax, which hurts family farms and small businesses. Mr. Speaker, the American people need relief, the people of central Wash-ington need relief, and this bill pro-vides it. I proudly rise in support of the bill. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ), a member of the Ways and Means Committee. He happens to be a Democrat, so he didn’t have much input here. He is the distinguished ranking member of the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Tax Policy. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, only 1 minute? Well, one minute is longer than all of the hearings that have been held by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:35 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.033 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9273 November 15, 2017 
Republicans on this sham of a tax bill that is so very broad in impact and so shallow in analysis. Only one minute? That is more than all of the Trump Administration officials who did not have the courage to come and face our committee and be questioned about this lousy proposal. b1315 Mr. Speaker, one minute? That is more time than all of the businesses in America and economists were given to explain the nature of these corporate giveaways. Why should a tax bill that is so broad get less time than it takes to micro-wave popcorn? Haste does make waste. This tax plan, born in the shadows and rammed through here 90-to-nothing will lay waste to family budgets, lay waste to affordable healthcare, and un-dermine our national debt. This tax scam must be rejected. They want it through here before the Amer-ican people know what hit them, but if we speak out and remain firm in our resolve, we will defeat this sham of a bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. B
YRNE ), a gentleman who participated for hours in the Rules Committee debate last night and is one of our most valuable young Members. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, those of us in Washington are really good at talk-ing in big general statements that don’t mean much to the average Amer-ican. I want to tell you what the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will actually do for the families I represent back in south-west Alabama. According to data from the IRS, al-most three-fourths of the tax filers in my district claimed the standard de-duction instead of itemizing. Well, under our plan, the standard deduction will be doubled. Just consider the medium family of four in southwest Alabama. That fam-ily earns a little over $77,000 a year. If that family takes the standard deduc-tion, as most do, they will see a tax cut of $1,739 a year. That comes out to al-most an extra $150 a month. Now, that may not sound like real money in Washington, but for families in Bay Minette or Citronelle or Mon-roeville, that is important. That is extra money for a car payment. That is additional savings for a child’s college. That is money to help pay for home re-pairs. That is real money. When you add in the fact that we are fixing our corporate and business Tax Code to make it fairer and simpler, then we can truly make America boom again. President Trump has called it the ‘‘middle class miracle.’’ By making our Tax Code more com-petitive, we can unleash our full eco-nomic potential, bring jobs back to America, raise wages, and ultimately get more money in the pockets of working Americans. Mr. Speaker, this is exactly what President Trump prom-ised and what the American people sent him and us to Washington to do. Now, my colleagues on the other side like to say this bill helps the 1 percent, and they vehemently defend the cur-rent Tax Code. You know who benefits from the cur-rent Tax Code? The 1 percent—people who can hire lawyers and lobbyists to help them get a special tax break, peo-ple who can spend thousands of dollars a year on specialty accountants. If you want to help the 1 percent, then keep the current complicated and confusing Tax Code that only helps the elite and well connected. We can do better than that. We can pass the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we can put more money in peo-ple’s pockets, and we can unlock Amer-ica’s full economic potential. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, last night, I pointed out to my colleague from Alabama, whom I greatly admire, that he has a number of people claiming medical expense de-ductions who won’t be able to do so under this tax measure. The number of them, in fact, is 22,052, and the total amount claimed under medical expense deduction by them previously was $186 million. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), a distinguished colleague who I sit next to on the Rules Committee. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-position to the rule and the underlying bill. When I was growing up, I am sure, like most of us here in this body, I was fortunate to be surrounded by hard-working, dedicated teachers who cared about me, challenged me, and helped me succeed. Throughout our public schools in any State and across the country, there are teachers who are giving everything they have to help students thrive. Carolyn, a teacher from Louisville, is a great example. Carolyn shared with me how she spends her own personal money on school supplies for students who can’t afford to buy their own. To help mitigate this cost, there is a Fed-eral tax deduction that allows teachers to get back up to $250 of their personal money they put towards supplies in their classroom, but the bill before us denies Carolyn and all of the other teachers that deduction and eliminates the tax benefits in the name of cutting taxes for wealthy international cor-porations. This bill also rolls back a critical education tax benefit that allows em-ployers to provide up to $5,250 of tui-tion assistance, pretax. In practice, it encourages workforce training and apprenticeship programs. In fact, this very week is National Ap-prenticeship Week, and yet the Repub-lican tax bill pulls the rug out from under businesses and workers, actually discouraging apprenticeships by stop-ping this tax benefit. Mr. Speaker, I was privileged to serve, before I came here, as the chair-man of our State Board of Education and school superintendent. I wanted to be the ranking member of the Early Childhood, Elementary and Secondary Education Subcommittee. I have really seen how important these tax benefits are to teachers and students. I offered amendments last night in Rules to simply restore these impor-tant tax credits for children. Unfortu-nately, in a party-line vote, my amend-ments were denied. These damaging provisions are just a small part of the overall harmful, mis-guided attempt at tax reform. Let us reset and let us begin a bipartisan dis-cussion about tax reform that values education, educators, and kids. For this reason and so many others, I op-pose the rule and the underlying bill, and I suggest a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, what a delight it is for me to stand up and say that, the work we are going to do today, the President of the United States will sign. He is en-couraging what we are doing today. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter of support from the National Federation of Independent Business— that is ‘‘The Voice of Small Business’’ in America—and also what is called a Statement of Administration Policy from the Executive Office of the Presi-dent of the United States. 
NATIONAL FEDERATION OF  I
NDEPENDENT BUSINESS , Washington, DC, November 14, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB), the nation’s leading small business advocacy organization, I am writing in sup-port of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This legislation will provide much needed tax relief to America’s job-creating small businesses. H.R. 1 will be considered an NFIB Key Vote for the 115th Congress. Small business is the engine of the econ-omy, and tax reform should provide substan-tial relief to all small businesses so they can reinvest their money, grow, and create jobs. Ninety-nine percent of all American busi-nesses are small businesses; the average NFIB member has just 10 employees. Taken in sum, however, small businesses create half of all private-sector jobs in the U.S. and con-tribute half the nation’s gross domestic product. Three-quarters of small employers are structured as pass-through entities, meaning their owners are taxed at the individual rate as opposed to the corporate rate. Crucially, H.R. 1 reduces the tax rate on the smallest pass-through businesses to 9 percent over five years, without industry exclusions or re-strictions. NFIB supports passage of H.R. 1 and will consider it an NFIB Key Vote for the 115th Congress. Thank you for your consideration. We look forward to working with you to protect small business. Sincerely, J
UANITA D. D UGGAN , President & CEO, NFIB. S
TATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 1—TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT —REP. BRADY , 
R–TX, AND 24 COSPONSORS  The Administration strongly supports House passage of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.054 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9274 November 15, 2017 
Jobs Act. Passing the bill is an important first step in achieving comprehensive tax re-form that cuts taxes for hard-working fami-lies and puts the Nation’s economy on a path of higher economic growth. The President’s priorities for tax reform have been con-sistent from day one: (1) cut taxes for mid-dle-income families; (2) simplify the Nation’s complicated tax system; and (3) reduce busi-ness taxes so that American employers can create jobs, raise wages for their workers, and better compete with foreign businesses. H.R. 1 would deliver meaningful tax cuts for middle-income families by nearly dou-bling the standard deduction, lowering tax rates, increasing the child tax credit, and creating a new Family Flexibility credit. It would simplify tax filing so that the large majority of Americans could file their taxes on a single page. The bill would also cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent—below the average tax rate in the Organisation for Eco-nomic Co-operation and Development. Fi-nally, H.R. 1 would lower taxes for millions of S corporations, sole proprietors, and part-nerships that pay taxes at individual rates. Based on a review of more than 100 aca-demic papers, the White House Council of Economic Advisors (CEA) estimates that the corporate provisions in H.R. 1 would grow the economy by between 3 and 5 percent over the next 10 years, which if applied to 2027 Gross Domestic Product projections, would result in an additional $700 billion to $1.2 trillion in economic output per year. CEA also found that the same provisions would increase average household income by at least $4,000 annually. If H.R. 1 were presented to the President, his advisors would recommend that he sign the bill into law. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, the President’s priorities and tax reforms are consistent and have been from day one. Tax cuts for middle class families, simplifying the Nation’s complicated tax system, and reducing the burden of taxes so that American employers can create jobs, raise wages, and better compete with foreign businesses, that is what we are going to do. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, it is like old home week from the Rules Committee people. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
ATSUI ), a good friend who used to serve on the Rules Committee. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1. When I was home last weekend, my constituents shared how devastating this bill would be for them. A fifth grade teacher, Sarah, talked about how harmful the elimination of the deduction to purchase classroom supplies will be for teachers. She said: 
How out of touch do you have to be to cut a tax credit for public school teachers? 
A senior citizen, Mark, spoke about how devastating the repeal of the med-ical expense deduction would be for him and his wife with Alzheimer’s. How can House Republicans justify helping corporations over families in need? A father, Devin, who works two jobs to support his family, spoke about how he counts on the student loan interest deduction to plan for his future. He said: All I ask is that Congress keep the promise they made to us. We planned based on the promises they made. I hope they don’t break that promise. I hope they don’t make life a little bit harder on our families. 
How can Republicans defend making the lives of middle class families like his more difficult? To make matters worse, this bill will explode the deficit and lead to dev-astating cuts to Medicare. I ask my Re-publican colleagues to think about the families that will be hurt by this bill instead of prioritizing handouts to bil-lionaires and corporations. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I am waiting for a speaker, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Florida has 11 minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Texas has 12
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, like I said, it is old home week here with the Rules Committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
AS-
TOR), another former member of the Rules Committee. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding and thank him for being a champion for working families across the country. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-tion to the rule and the GOP tax bill because it is so fundamentally unfair. It is unfair that it raises taxes on tens of millions of middle class families while giving huge tax breaks to big corporations and the superrich. It does this, also, by adding over $1.5 trillion to the national debt. The Center for a Responsible Federal Budget said this is a step backwards for fiscal responsibility, largely be-cause it passes the tab on to our kids and our grandkids. They estimate that that will cost about $12,000 per house-hold, just the debt portion of it—not even a mention. Here is why middle class families get hurt: Republicans eliminate the deduction for medical expenses. That is over 630,000 Floridians in my home State. They eliminate the tax deduction that helps make college more afford-able by being able to deduct the inter-est on your student loan. They eliminate all these deductions for the middle class and give all the breaks to the superrich and big cor-porations. It is fundamentally unfair, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Or-egon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to this disastrous partisan tax plan that cuts rates for wealthy corporations and millionaires while leading to higher taxes for about 38 million working families. There is a lot to not like about this bill. It actually eliminates the student loan interest deduction. That will in-crease the financial burden for about 12 million Americans who are juggling their student loan debt with housing, groceries, and childcare. The cost of higher education is already out of reach for too many. We should be mak-ing it easier, not harder for Americans to access higher education. On top of that, removing the State and local tax deduction threatens fund-ing sources for public education and will most certainly lead to cuts to America’s public school budgets. Mr. Speaker, across the country, families are working hard to get ahead. Let’s not take away their opportunity. We need a Tax Code that leads to bet-ter jobs, better wages, and a better fu-ture for America, for our children and our grandchildren. This bill fails the test, and we should reject it and get back to working together. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. EVANS ), who served in the Pennsylvania Legislature and was chair of appropriations. He really un-derstands this stuff. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate this opportunity. I am not on the Rules Committee or the Ways and Means Committee, but I am on the Agriculture Committee. I think it is extremely important to rec-ognize what Feeding America has ex-pressed about this package. Feeding America has concluded that H.R. 1 will undermine efforts to assist those who struggle with adequate ac-cess to food. I strongly oppose that in a day and age where there is so much poverty and so much hunger across this country. We need to face up to the fact that we should oppose this because it goes in the wrong direction. But let’s be clear. The people who this bill will affect, too often, do not have a voice. I am here to be their voice. Enough is enough. This horrible bill needs to be stopped, and it needs to be stopped now. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ), a real champion and a mentor of mine. b1330 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, a picture is worth a thousand words, so is a graph. Following the blue line, the tax scam works this way: For average taxpayers, the blue line—the blue line is for blue and red States—shows taxes for individual tax-payers go down for one full year. Then look what begins to happen at 2019. They begin to go up. By 2020, they con-tinue. Follow the blue line for average 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.006 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9275 November 15, 2017 
taxpayers. Their taxes are continuing to go up, they reach a real high, and steeply go up for the entire 10-year pe-riod. For business tax credits, they go down, too. That means business taxes go down. And then they, too, go up. So the scam shows both look like they are doing the same thing, but 2024 is a dividing line. Then business in-come taxes plummet, but income taxes for average Americans go up. Who is paying for these business tax cuts? Individual taxpayers. Defeat this Republican tax scam. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ), my good friend. (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise, today, in strong opposition to this House Republican tax bill, which was developed in secret without a single public hearing. Despite repeated calls for Repub-licans to engage in a bipartisan process with Democrats, this bill was written without Democratic input and with enormous giveaways to wealthy inter-ests. It makes you wonder, doesn’t it, Mr. Speaker? To pay for them, Republicans have eliminated critical tax provisions that are important to the middle class— such as deductions to medical ex-penses, for State and local taxes, for student loan interest, and other ex-penses—on which middle class families rely. What Republicans can’t pay for, they add to the Nation’s credit card to the tune of $1.7 trillion. Mr. Speaker, we are out to support this plan, but most Americans are only given the crumbs of this tax reform pie. Mr. Speaker, I cannot, in good con-science, vote for this bill. We need a fair and balanced tax reform package that helps everyday Rhode Islanders and that helps everyday Americans get ahead, not just the well-off and well- connected. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), a gentleman who serves on the Financial Services Committee and a distinguished young Member of our majority. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this rule and the underlying legislation. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act we are considering today is the culmination of years of work, years of listening to the concerns of hardworking taxpayers at home, and several elections where the people spoke out for relief from a bro-ken, special-interest laden Tax Code. Here are the questions we need to be asking today: Are you tired of the status quo? Do you think we can do better than the slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression? Do you want a healthier economy that creates the opportunities that offer you a real chance to get ahead, puts more money in your pocket, and helps you fulfill your American Dream? If you answered yes to any of these questions, then the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is for you. As I travel across my district, I hear story after story from families with nothing left over at the end of the month, who are struggling to save for retirement, pay off loans, or simply make ends meet. It doesn’t have to be this way. There is a better way. We have a once-in-a-generation op-portunity to fix this. We can act now to put more money back into the hard-working taxpayers’ pockets, make American business more competitive, and create a much healthier economy. Americans have toiled under a bro-ken Tax Code filled with loopholes and special interest carve-outs for far too long. This legislation—the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act—is a giant step for every-day Americans looking to get ahead. This is for the family of four, making $59,000 a year, who can save $1,182 a year in taxes. This is for the single mom, making $30,000 working night and day to support her two children, who will also save more than $1,000 a year in taxes. Our legislation doubles the standard deduction, so people won’t have to itemize their tax returns. It expands the child tax credit from $1,000 to $1,600 and provides a $300 credit for adult de-pendents living at home. It will create more jobs in Pennsylvania and raise Pennsylvania’s families’ incomes. It will bring dollars back to America to be invested in American companies with American workers. It will em-power the people of America who want to get ahead, and it will lessen the power of Washington, D.C. Vote for freedom, vote for prosperity, vote for this rule and this bill. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentle-woman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ), my good friend. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the rule and to the Republican tax scam. The biggest economic challenge of our time is that too many people who play by the rules are in jobs that do not pay them enough to live on. Wages are not keeping up with rising costs. Too many families today struggle to make ends meet. They have the rising cost of healthcare, of child care, and of housing. Meanwhile, big corporations, million-aires, and billionaires write the rules to make government work for them— and Republicans are their comrades in arms in rigging the game against the middle class. Enough is enough. It cuts taxes for the wealthiest Americans, raises taxes on the middle class, and it increases the deficit. And worse, it encourages companies who outsource American jobs. Congress must put middle class families and jobs before corporations that have not been loyal to their employees and to our country. When you outsource jobs, you drive wages down here at home. Let me mention the child tax credit to you. The Republican proposal leaves behind vulnerable families—military families, rural families, large families, minimum wage workers, and those with the youngest children. Do not let them get away with this scam. This is not reform. It is tax cuts for the wealthiest, and I oppose it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Florida has 5 minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Texas has 10 minutes remaining. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. KELLY ), from the Ways and Means Committee. At this time, we are putting the A-team up. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of the rule and the underlying legislation. Sometimes, in order to understand what is going on in the present and then what could happen in the future, you need to go to the past. Let me read something from a true Irish-American President who said: ‘‘Our true choice is not between tax reduction, on the one hand, and the avoidance of large Federal deficits on the other. It is increasingly clear that no matter what party is in power, so long as our national security needs keep rising, an economy hampered by restrictive tax rates will never produce enough revenues to balance our budg-et—just as it will never produce enough jobs or enough profits. . . . ’’ ‘‘ . . . only full employment can bal-ance the budget, and tax reduction can pave the way to that employment. The purpose of cutting taxes now is not to incur a budget deficit, but to achieve the more prosperous, expanding econ-omy which can bring a budget sur-plus.’’ I understand that there are dif-ferences of opinion on what we are try-ing to do, but, please, let’s talk about the facts. Let’s talk about a piece of legislation that is a rising tide that will lift all boats. We are going to cut taxes for every American at every income level. We are going to reduce taxes by almost $1,200 for every average-sized, middle- income American family. This puts more money in the pockets of our fami-lies. I don’t care how they vote or how they registered. They are Americans. It reduces by almost $2,000 for every average-sized, middle-income family in Pennsylvania’s Third District. That is a $2,000 reduction for them. It will grow our national GDP by 3.6 percent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.039 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9276 November 15, 2017 
It will increase average American wages by 3.1 percent. In the long run, it will increase after- tax incomes for American taxpayers by 4.4 percent. I also want you to think about what we talk about back home where I am from. We talk about take-home pay. ‘‘This is my take-home pay.’’ In Penn-sylvania, Pennsylvanians—Republican Pennsylvanians, Democrat Pennsylva-nians, Independents, Libertarians—are going to have about $2,700 more in their pockets after this legislation goes through. Let’s talk about jobs. Nobody spoke better about jobs than President Reagan when he said: It is about jobs, jobs, jobs, and more jobs. What is good for the American worker is good for America. This will create 1 million new Amer-ican jobs. I want you to think about this: In the United States of America, we are now currently rated as the 23rd best coun-try to do business in. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will change that. I want you to think about that. I am a hometown guy; I am a home team guy. It is hard for me to sit back and say that we have allowed ourselves to fall that far in the world when peo-ple think: Where should I start that business? Twenty-third, are you kid-ding me? With all of the assets that we have been given by the Lord? And to sit here today and have an argument over something else other than that doesn’t make any sense at all. What we are trying to do with our tax plan is make sure that the United States just doesn’t participate in a global economy, it dominates a global economy, it leads the way in a global economy, it makes American workers stronger, it makes American families stronger, and it allows us to rebuild our military and our infrastructure. It allows everything good to happen. We cannot stay with the status quo. There is so much good in this bill for every single American. I did not say every single Republican, I said every single American. You can bat that one back and forth and try to make it a po-litical story, but it is not. It is truly an American story. America has never dodged that responsibility. Now, let me read you one other quote, again, from an Irish-American President, who I hold in such great es-teem, and one of the greatest people I have ever listened to. Let me read this to you. It says: ‘‘I do not underestimate the obsta-cles which the Congress will face in en-acting such legislation. No one will be satisfied. Everyone will have his own approach, his own bill, his own reduc-tions. A high order of restraint and de-termination will be required if the ‘pos-sible’ is not to wait on the ‘perfect.’ But a nation capable of marshaling these qualities in any dramatic threat to our security is surely capable, as a great free society, of meeting a slower and more complex threat to our eco-nomic vitality. This Nation can afford to reduce taxes, we can afford a tem-porary deficit, but we cannot afford to do nothing. For on the strength of our free economy rests the hope of all free nations. We shall not fail that hope, for free men and free nations must prosper and they must prevail.’’ Think of who it is that we are. This is America’s house. Yes, this is a GOP tax plan, but it helps every single American. It is not a blue plan or a red plan; it is a red, white, and blue plan. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gen-tleman. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. I will challenge you to go home next week for Thanksgiving and tell people all of the positives about this, and say: I am so sorry. I could have voted for that. It is time now for America to rise to the challenge. As I said earlier, we exist in a global economy. I am tired of being somebody who happened to par-ticipate, when we have the opportunity to dominate. Never before, in our his-tory, have we had the chance to change the future for every single American. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair, not to other Mem-bers. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I will go home this week and tell people I voted against this horrible bill. And I will wonder if the last speaker would go home and tell the 11,249 people who utilize $131 million in medical deduc-tions who will not have that under this bill, understanding that it could be dif-ferent if they chose. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ), a newfound friend and a rising star. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, I oppose the rule and the underlying bill. This is a tax increase on the middle class, and it drops a ticking tax bomb on the American people. While it false-ly claims to provide tax relief for working families and the middle class, in reality, it will raise taxes on 38 mil-lion Americans, and it will explode the deficit by over $1.5 trillion. b1345 A typical family in my district in Il-linois would see their taxes increase by over $1,100. According to the CBO, H.R. 1 is so ir-responsible, that it will result in an immediate $25 billion cut to Medicare. Americans recognize that incomes are not keeping pace with the cost of living, and parents question whether their children will have the same op-portunities they had. Our constituents need responsible tax reform that strengthens the middle class and raises wages for working fam-ilies. They do not need a tax increase, and this bill does just that. It increases taxes on the middle class. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this ticking tax bomb. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time until the gentleman has closed. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I am prepared to close and would advise the chairman of that regard. Mr. Speaker, a new Quinnipiac poll out yesterday shows the American peo-ple aren’t falling for the Republican tax scam. Only 25 percent approve of this plan, just 16 percent think it will reduce their taxes, and only 24 percent said the Republican plan will help the middle class the most. Mr. Speaker, we should listen to the American people, throw this dangerous plan in the trash can, where it belongs, and let’s work together on a bipartisan plan to help all Americans. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I am going to offer an amendment that will prohibit any leg-islation from limiting or repealing the State and local tax deduction, which prevents millions of families from being taxed twice on the same income. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the RECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. First, my Repub-lican colleagues attempted to jam an abhorrent healthcare bill through Con-gress. They failed. After that failure, they moved on to today’s attempt to jam an abhorrent tax bill through Con-gress. For the sake of middle and work-ing class Americans, I hope my Repub-lican friends ultimately meet defeat once again. Mr. Speaker, we set the record with this particular measure of 51 closed rules in this session, the most closed rules in the history of Congress. What that means is a lot of the Representa-tives who had good ideas, more than 100 of them that offered amendments last night, were unable to be heard be-cause of closed rules. After this closed, disgraceful process, this Republican majority has pre-sented, in this instance, a piece of leg-islation that skews tax cuts in favor of the ultrawealthy and rich corpora-tions. Now, let’s make it very clear. Wealthy people shouldn’t be disrespected for their wealth, but I don’t know any wealthy people who are knocking down my doors, saying that they need a few more thousand dollars. But I know a lot of poor people who need a few hundred dollars, and this particular measure is not doing many of the things that would allow for them to be able to get on that last rung of that ladder and lift themselves up. I heard the gentleman say a rising tide lifts all boats. They had the Fort Lauderdale International Boat Show, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.040 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9277 November 15, 2017 
the largest one in the world, the week before last. All those yachts were lift-ed, but those little dinghies with the people fishing out in Lake Okeechobee were not lifted one doggone bit by this particular measure. This bill does so on the backs of mid-dle and working class people and future generations. With this bill, the former deficit hawk Republican majority would add $1.5 trillion to the debt while poten-tially triggering $25 billion in cuts to Medicare. I might add that is where they are headed. Look out Medicare, look out Social Security, look out Medicaid. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-league, the gentleman from Florida, Judge H
ASTINGS , for his exemplary work and the work of his colleagues on the Rules Committee and my col-leagues also on the Republican side. Mr. Speaker, our previous speaker, the gentleman from Butler, Pennsyl-vania, M
IKEKELLY , had it best when he said: ‘‘ . . . an economy hampered by restrictive tax rates will never produce enough revenue to balance our budget, just as it will never produce enough jobs or enough profits. Only full em-ployment can balance the budget, and tax reduction can pave the way to that employment.’’ What he did not say is—that will be in the record—is that John F. Kennedy said this on December 14, 1962, 55 years ago, in an address to the Economic Club of New York. Mr. Speaker, in fact, there have been a lot of people here who have given tes-timony, I think testimony that they intended to sway the voters and those listening in this country that the Tax Code that we have works just fine, but then they spoke about the frailties of that and they talked about jobs going offshore, they talked about jobs and economic activity going somewhere else. I, being from Dallas, Texas, hear sto-ries every day about people who are coming to Texas, coming to north Texas, coming because of the economic climate that will allow them and their companies to have a better shot at not only being competitive, but, as M
IKE K
ELLY said, to be winners in this econ-omy, at the very top of the heap rather than at the bottom of the heap. What this common denominator is, is that my State of Texas does do the things that this bill does also. It keeps taxes low, it creates opportunity. By the way, how many poor people create jobs? I don’t know. How many of those who really have incentive and entrepreneurship create jobs? A ton of them. We are going to grow entrepreneurs out of today. We are going to grow young people getting out of college, veterans leaving the military coming back and seeing where they can make a go of it. Instead of it being a 95 percent failure rate of new business—which is what it is, it is a heavy bar because of rules, regulations, and taxes—we are going to make it easier. The White House Council of Eco-nomic Advisers based their review, as they provided the economic outlook to us, on more than 100 academic papers, estimates that corporate provisions in this tax bill alone will grow our econ-omy, not leave us in 23rd place, as MIKE K
ELLY said. Who wants to be in 23rd place? If you want to be in the top 25 and you are comfortable, sorry. We want to be at the top. We want to Make America Great Again. We want to be able to say that businesses all over the United States stand a chance, and that is what this does. The Council of Economic Advisers says that this will grow the economy between 3 and 5 percent. Whoops. They got comfortable with 1.2 over 8 years. I am not comfortable and the American people aren’t com-fortable either. We are going to add some $700 billion to the economy this next 10 years. That is the guess, that is what Repub-licans want to do, but it is based on a lot of factors, it is based on hard work. America has the best, most innova-tive workers in the world. We want to put this together with an opportunity, because we have a great place to be: the United States of America, any of our States. We have the best energy policies in the world and we have the best price. We have the best workers. We have tool kits with our univer-sities. Our industry will grow back and reinvest in themselves. We are going to take our Tax Code and take what is $5.6 trillion worth of tax areas and move that where it will boost our economy. We will become pro growth again. Yes, we heard that it was John F. Kennedy, it was Ronald Reagan, and it is going to be making America great again. Mr. Speaker, for that reason, I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying legislation in order to boost middle class Americans. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in opposition to the Rule for Rules Committee Print 115–39, to H.R. 1, ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’ The underlying bill will cut funding for pro-grams that the American people need by $5.4 trillion over 10 years. It will raise the deficit by $2.2 trillion 10 years. This is bad for America. The chief motivation for House Republicans brings this bill before the House is to say they had a win before we break for the Thanks-giving Holiday. This rule if adopted will allow the House to take up consideration of a bill that will cost taxpayers because it: Eliminates the $4,050 personal exemption allowed to each taxpayer for their self, spouse, and each dependent child; Raises the lowest individual income tax rate from 10 percent to 12 percent Reduces the tax rate corporations pay on existing offshore profits from 35 percent to 10 percent; and Cuts the corporate tax rate paid by large companies. The Jackson Lee Amendments to Rules Committee Print 115–39 were offered as means of improving the bill: (1) The first Jackson Lee Amendment would delay the effective date of all revenue-reduc-ing provisions in H.R. 1 until the Secretary of Homeland Security submits to Congress a re-port certifying that the areas covered by Presi-dential Natural Disaster Declarations for Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, and Maria have fully re-covered economically, as measured by a gross domestic product that exceeds by 10 percent the gross domestic product for such areas in the fiscal year preceding the Presi-dential Disaster Declaration; and the deficit is zero. (2) The second Jackson Lee Amendment would delay the effective date of all revenue- reducing provisions in H.R. 1 until the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services submits to Congress a report certifying that the num-ber of U.S. adults without health insurance has not exceeded five percent for three con-secutive quarters; and the deficit is zero. (3) The third Jackson Lee Amendment pre-serves current law for deductions of student loan interest and other educational incentive. (4) The fourth Jackson Lee Amendment pre-serves current law for taxpayer deduction of mortgage interest. Our work should be focused on lifting peo-ple up and not taking opportunities away. The $4,700 standard deduction for families will be eliminated by the bill governed by this rule to give a tax cut to corporations. The recovery from Hurricanes Harvey, Maria and Irma which impacted the Texas, Florida, U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico have long gone, but the efforts of people to reclaim their lives continues. These families will need that $4,700. In the State of Texas Hurricane Harvey is on record as the worst disaster to hit home-owners in the United States with over 148,000 homes and 163,000 apartments just in Hous-ton impacted. There are still 9,100 families in hotels and are in need of assurance that they will be able to return to their own homes. We know that the costs of recovery will far exceed any natural disaster in memory. We should set a national goal for extending health insurance coverage not looking for ways to destabilize the health insurance mar-ketplace. Because of the Affordable Care Act in the state of Texas: 3.8 million Texas residents receive prevent-ative care services. 7 million Texans no longer have lifetime lim-its on their healthcare insurance. 300,731 young adults can remain on their parents’ health insurance until age 26. 5 million Texas residents can receive a re-bate check from their insurance company if it does not spend 80 percent of premium dollars on healthcare. 4,029 people with pre-existing conditions now have health insurance. Today, insurance companies are banned from: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.042 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9278 November 15, 2017 
discriminating against anyone with a pre-ex-isting condition charging higher rates based on gender or health status enforcing lifetime dollar limits enforcing annual dollar limits on health ben-efits Savings for Texas Seniors on Their Pre-scription Drugs, Thanks to ACA: Total Savings: $551,694,997 Total Gap Discount Amount: $201,876,665 Total Number of Beneficiaries: 233,114 Average Discount per Beneficiary: $866 Congress should support expansion of ac-cess to healthcare because it will save lives and relieve suffering of those who would oth-erwise not have care when they need it most. Our nation is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis. Growing demand for rental housing has resulted in higher rents. More families than ever before struggle to pay their rent each month, and every Congressional district and state across the nation is im-pacted. The federal should continue its investments in homeownership that reduce homelessness and housing poverty are sorely underfunded: Just one in four low income families eligible for federal housing assistance receives the help they need. Comprehensive tax reform provides one of the best opportunities to end homelessness and housing poverty once and for all. As Con-gress considers comprehensive tax reform legislation, we urge you to seize this oppor-tunity by reinvesting any savings derived from changes to the mortgage interest deduction into rental housing solutions for people with the greatest needs—not to offset the cost of tax breaks for the wealthy and corporations. In doing so, we can make the critical invest-ments that our nation needs to help America’s families, our local communities, and our na-tional economy thrives. We know the key to reducing poverty and increasing economic mobility is access to safe and affordable homes. Increasing access to affordable homes bolsters child and family success, economic growth, wages, and pro-ductivity. And each dollar invested in devel-oping and preserving affordable homes boosts local economies by leveraging public and pri-vate resources to generate income—including resident earnings and additional local tax rev-enue—and supports job creation and reten-tion. Congress as in the past should continue to champion homeownership because the bene-fits that comes to families and communities. Our nation should be reinvesting these housing dollars into deeply targeted programs that serve people with the most acute housing needs. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following letter from Thomas Barthold to Chairman K
EVIN BRODY : 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , J
OINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION , Washington, DC, November 14 2017. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : You asked me to comment on the changes made by H.R. 1 as ordered reported by the House Committee on Ways and Means in the context of Clause 5(b) of Rule XXI of the House of Representatives. Clause 5(b) of Rule XXI sets special passage requirements for measures that amend sub-sections (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e) of section 1 or section 11(b) or 55(b) of the Internal Revenue Code in a manner that imposes a new per-centage rate of tax and thereby increases the amount of tax imposed by such section. H.R. 1 amends the relevant sections by elimi-nating the 10-percent bracket, which is obvi-ated as a marginal rate as a result of the in-crease in the standard deduction provided in section 63(c) and makes general changes to the income thresholds at which the varying tax rate brackets apply and eliminating sev-eral other tax rates of present law. These changes combined with the increased value of the child tax credit (in section 24) result in virtually every taxpayer who formerly would have been in the 10-percent tax brack-et having a lower tax liability under the changes that would be effectuated by H.R. 1 than they would under present law. Similarly, H.R. 1 eliminates the present- law 33-percent marginal tax bracket. As a re-sult there are some taxpayers who would claim the standard deduction and had his or her last dollar of income taxed in the 33-per-cent tax bracket under present law but under H.R. 1 after claiming the increased the standard deduction would have their last dollar of income taxed in the 35-percent tax bracket. However, in each such case the tax-payer’s total income tax liability is lower under H.R. 1 than under present law. For taxpayers who eschew the standard deduc-tion under present law there is substantially greater variability in resulting tax liabil-ities. With the elimination of some deduc-tions that taxpayers may elect to itemize under present law, it is not possible to say in all cases that these taxpayers have lower total income tax liability under H.R. 1 than under present law. However, by comparison to the case of a taxpayer claiming the stand-ard deduction, the variability of these re-sults is clearly a consequence of the changes to the tax base effectuated by H.R. 1 rather than a consequence solely of the elimination of the present-law 33-percent bracket. Because the House rule does not con-template changes to the Internal Revenue Code as a whole and the interactions such changes have on tax liability, H.R. 1 requires a waiver of the rule’s provisions. In its total-ity, the combined effect of the tax rate and income threshold amendments made by the bill, along with the increase in the standard deduction, would not, in and of themselves, result in an increase in the amount of tax imposed on virtually any filer as a result of these changes. I hope this discussion is helpful. Please contact me with any questions. Sincerely, THOMAS A. B ARTHOLD . 
The material previously referred to by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 619 O FFERED BY  M
R. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 5. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ANY TAX BILL THAT RAISES TAXES ON MIDDLE- CLASS FAMILIES BY ELIMINATING OR LIMITING THE STATE AND LOCAL TAX DEDUCTION. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the House of Representatives to con-sider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that repeals or limits the State and Local Tax Deduction (26 U.S.C. §164). (b) W
AIVER IN THE HOUSE .—It shall not be in order in the House of Representatives to consider a rule or order that waives the ap-plication of subsection (a). As disposition of a point of order under this subsection, the Chair shall put the question of consideration with respect to the rule or order, as applica-ble. The question of consideration shall be debatable for 10 minutes by the Member ini-tiating the point of order and for 10 minutes by an opponent, but shall otherwise be de-cided without intervening motion except one that the House adjourn.’’ THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.008 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9279 November 15, 2017 
for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on: Adopting the resolution, if ordered; and Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 2331. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 234, nays 193, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 632] YEAS—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—193 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Johnson, Sam McGovern Pocan Renacci 
b1420 Mses. TITUS and BARRAGAN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. FOXX, Messrs. WALDEN, and JOYCE of Ohio changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The question is on the reso-lution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 235, noes 191, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 633] AYES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.012 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9280 November 15, 2017 
Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Johnson, Sam McGovern Pelosi Pocan Renacci 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1429 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. CONNECTED GOVERNMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2331) to require a new or up-dated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mobile friendly, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H
ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 423, nays 0, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 634] YEAS—423 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Johnson, Sam Kihuen Krishnamoorthi McGovern Pelosi Pocan Renacci Roe (TN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1435 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.010 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9281 November 15, 2017 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
FOUNDATIONS FOR EVIDENCE- BASED POLICYMAKING ACT OF 2017 Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4174) to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to require Federal evaluation activities, improve Federal data management, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4174 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foundations for Evidence-Based Policy-making Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—FEDERAL EVIDENCE-BUILDING ACTIVITIES Sec. 101. Federal evidence-building activi-ties. TITLE II—OPEN GOVERNMENT DATA ACT Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. OPEN Government Data. TITLE III—CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION PROTECTION AND STATISTICAL EFFI-CIENCY Sec. 301. Short title. Sec. 302. Confidential information protec-tion and statistical efficiency. Sec. 303. Increasing access to data for evi-dence. TITLE IV—GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 401. Rule of construction. Sec. 402. Effective date. TITLE I—FEDERAL EVIDENCE-BUILDING ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 101. FEDERAL EVIDENCE-BUILDING ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of part I of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) before section 301, by inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’; 
AND (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—FEDERAL EVIDENCE- BUILDING ACTIVITIES ‘‘§ 311. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) AGENCY .—The term ‘agency’ means an agency referred to under section 901(b) of title 31. ‘‘(2) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(3) E
VALUATION .—The term ‘evaluation’ means an assessment using systematic data collection and analysis of one or more pro-grams, policies, and organizations intended to assess their effectiveness and efficiency. ‘‘(4) E
VIDENCE .—The term ‘evidence’ has the meaning given that term in section 3561 of title 44. ‘‘(5) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each of the several States, the District of Colum-bia, each territory or possession of the United States, and each federally recognized Indian Tribe. ‘‘(6) S
TATISTICAL ACTIVITIES ; STATISTICAL  
AGENCY OR UNIT ; STATISTICAL PURPOSE .—The terms ‘statistical activities’, ‘statistical agency or unit’, and ‘statistical purpose’ have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 3561 of title 44. ‘‘§ 312. Agency evidence-building plan ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than the first Monday in February of each year, the head of each agency shall submit to the Di-rector and Congress a systematic plan for identifying and addressing policy questions relevant to the programs, policies, and regu-lations of the agency. Such plan shall be made available on the public website of the agency and shall cover at least a four-year period beginning with the first fiscal year following the fiscal year in which the plan is submitted and published and contain the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) A list of policy-relevant questions for which the agency intends to develop evi-dence to support policymaking. ‘‘(2) A list of data the agency intends to collect, use, or acquire to facilitate the use of evidence in policymaking. ‘‘(3) A list of methods and analytical ap-proaches that may be used to develop evi-dence to support policymaking. ‘‘(4) A list of any challenges to developing evidence to support policymaking, including any statutory or other restrictions to access-ing relevant data. ‘‘(5) A description of the steps the agency will take to accomplish paragraphs (1) and (2). ‘‘(6) Any other information as required by guidance issued by the Director. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the plan required under subsection (a), the head of an agency shall consult with the following: ‘‘(1) The public. ‘‘(2) Any evaluation or analysis unit and personnel of the agency. ‘‘(3) Agency officials responsible for imple-menting privacy policy. ‘‘(4) The Chief Data Officer of the agency. ‘‘(5) The officials of the agency designated under section 315. ‘‘(6) The Performance Improvement Officer of the agency. ‘‘(7) Program administrators of the agency. ‘‘(8) The committees of the House of Rep-resentatives and Senate with oversight juris-diction over the agency. ‘‘(9) Any other individual or entity as de-termined by the Director. ‘‘§ 313. Governmentwide evidence-building co-ordination ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Director shall con-solidate the plans submitted under section 312 in a unified evidence-building plan. The Director shall notify agency heads of poten-tially overlapping or unnecessarily duplica-tive data acquisition plans and facilitate interagency evidence gathering and sharing. The head of an agency may incorporate the results of any interagency coordination by updating the plan required under section 312. The Director shall incorporate any such agency update in the unified evidence-build-ing plan. ‘‘(b) CONSULTATION .—In developing the uni-fied evidence-building plan required under subsection (a), the Director shall consult with the following: ‘‘(1) The public. ‘‘(2) The Interagency Council on Statistical Policy established under section 3504(e)(8) of title 44. ‘‘(3) Any other relevant interagency coun-cil. ‘‘(4) The head of each agency. ‘‘(5) Any other individual or entity as de-termined by the Director. ‘‘§ 314. Chief Evaluation Officers ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The head of each agency shall appoint or designate an em-ployee of the agency as the Chief Evaluation Officer of the agency. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Chief Evalua-tion Officer of an agency shall be appointed or designated without regard to political af-filiation and based on demonstrated exper-tise in evaluation methodology and practices and appropriate expertise to the disciplines of the agency. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATIONS .—The Chief Evaluation Officer of an agency may not simultaneously serve as any of the following: ‘‘(1) The Chief Financial Officer of any agency. ‘‘(2) The Chief Information Officer of any agency. ‘‘(3) The Chief Human Capital Officer of any agency. ‘‘(4) The Chief Acquisition Officer of any agency. ‘‘(5) The Inspector General of any agency. ‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION .—The Chief Evaluation Officer of an agency shall, to the extent practicable, coordinate activities with agen-cy officials, including the following: ‘‘(1) Agency officials responsible for imple-menting privacy policy regarding privacy and confidentiality issues. ‘‘(2) The Chief Data Officer of the agency. ‘‘(3) Agency officials designated under sec-tion 315. ‘‘(4) Any evaluation or analysis unit and personnel of the agency on the needs for evaluation and analysis. ‘‘(5) The Performance Improvement Officer of the agency. ‘‘(6) Program administrators of the agency. ‘‘(7) The Chief Evaluation Officers of other agencies. ‘‘(e) F
UNCTIONS .—The Chief Evaluation Of-ficer of each agency shall— ‘‘(1) continually assess the coverage, qual-ity, methods, consistency, effectiveness, independence, and balance of the portfolio of evaluations, policy research, and ongoing evaluation activities of the agency; ‘‘(2) assess agency capacity to support the development and use of evaluation; ‘‘(3) establish and implement an agency evaluation policy; and ‘‘(4) coordinate, develop, and implement the plan required under section 312. ‘‘§ 315. Statistical expertise ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The head of each agency shall designate the head of any statistical agency or unit within the agency, or in the case of an agency that does not have a sta-tistical agency or unit, any senior agency of-ficial with appropriate expertise, as a statis-tical official to advise on statistical policy, techniques, and procedures. Agency officials engaged in statistical activities may consult with any such statistical official as nec-essary. ‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP ON INTERAGENCY COUNCIL  
FOR STATISTICAL POLICY .—Each statistical official designated under subsection (a) shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.052 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9282 November 15, 2017 
serve as a member of the Interagency Coun-cil for Statistical Policy established under section 3504(e)(8) of title 44. ‘‘§ 316. Advisory Committee on Data for Evi-dence Building ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Director, or the head of an agency designated by the Direc-tor, shall establish an Advisory Committee on Data for Evidence Building (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘Advisory Committee’) to review, analyze, and make recommenda-tions on how to expand access to and use of Federal data for evidence building. ‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The members of the Ad-visory Committee shall consist of the Chief Statistician of the United States, who shall serve as the Chair of the Advisory Com-mittee, and other members appointed by the Director as follows: ‘‘(1) One member who is an agency Chief Information Officer. ‘‘(2) One member who is an agency Chief Privacy Officer. ‘‘(3) One member who is an agency Chief Performance Officer. ‘‘(4) Three members who are agency Chief Data Officers. ‘‘(5) Three members who are agency Chief Evaluation Officers. ‘‘(6) Three members who are members of the Interagency Council for Statistical Pol-icy established under section 3504(e)(8) of title 44. ‘‘(7) At least 10 members who are rep-resentatives of State and local governments and nongovernmental stakeholders with ex-pertise in government data policy, privacy, technology, transparency policy, evaluation and research methodologies, and other rel-evant subjects, of whom— ‘‘(A) at least one shall have expertise in transparency policy; ‘‘(B) at least one shall have expertise in privacy policy; ‘‘(C) at least one shall have expertise in statistical data use; ‘‘(D) at least one shall have expertise in in-formation management; ‘‘(E) at least one shall have expertise in in-formation technology; and ‘‘(F) at least one shall be from the research and evaluation community. ‘‘(c) T
ERM OF SERVICE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each member of the Ad-visory Committee (other than the Chair) shall serve for a term of two years. ‘‘(2) V
ACANCY .—Any member appointed to fill a vacancy occurring before the expira-tion of the term for which the member’s predecessor was appointed shall be appointed only for the remainder of that term. A va-cancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the original appoint-ment was made. ‘‘(d) C
OMPENSATION .—Members of the Advi-sory Committee shall serve without com-pensation. ‘‘(e) D
UTIES .— ‘‘(1) F
IRST YEAR .—During the first year of the Advisory Committee, the Advisory Com-mittee shall— ‘‘(A) assist the Director in carrying out the duties of the Director under part D of sub-chapter III of chapter 35 of title 44; and ‘‘(B) evaluate and provide recommenda-tions to the Director on the establishment of a shared service to facilitate data sharing, enable data linkage, and develop privacy en-hancing techniques, including— ‘‘(i) the specific capabilities, needs, and necessary assets of such service, and the ex-tent to which assets should be transferred from existing agencies; ‘‘(ii) any prospective location for such service; ‘‘(iii) best practices for transparency and interagency coordination; ‘‘(iv) best practices for monitoring and au-diting of privacy, data linkage, and confiden-tiality of data accessed through such service; and ‘‘(v) necessary administrative and finan-cial authorities to support the activities of such service. ‘‘(2) SECOND YEAR .—During the second and any subsequent year of the Advisory Com-mittee, the Advisory Committee shall— ‘‘(A) if determined necessary by the Direc-tor, carry out the duties described in para-graph (1); and ‘‘(B) review the coordination of data shar-ing or availability for evidence building across all agencies. ‘‘(f) R
EPORTS .—For each year of the exist-ence of the Advisory Committee, the Advi-sory Committee shall submit to the Director and make publicly available an annual re-port on the activities and findings of the Ad-visory Committee.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The table of sections for chapter 3 of part I of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting before the item relating to section 301 the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS ’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —FEDERAL EVIDENCE - 
BUILDING ACTIVITIES  ‘‘311. Definitions. ‘‘312. Agency evidence-building plan. ‘‘313. Governmentwide evidence-building co-ordination. ‘‘314. Chief Evaluation Officers. ‘‘315. Statistical expertise. ‘‘316. Advisory Committee on Data for Evi-dence Building.’’. (c) A
GENCY STRATEGIC PLANS .—Section 306 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (8), by— (i) striking the period at the end; and (ii) inserting after ‘‘to be conducted’’ the following: ‘‘, and citations to relevant provi-sions of the plan required under section 312; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) an assessment of the coverage, qual-ity, methods, effectiveness, and independ-ence of the statistics, evaluation, research, and analysis efforts of the agency, includ-ing— ‘‘(A) a list of the activities and operations of the agency that are currently being evalu-ated and analyzed; ‘‘(B) the extent to which the evaluations, research, and analysis efforts and related ac-tivities of the agency support the needs of various divisions within the agency; ‘‘(C) the extent to which the evaluation re-search and analysis efforts and related ac-tivities of the agency address an appropriate balance between needs related to organiza-tional learning, ongoing program manage-ment, performance management, strategic management, interagency and private sector coordination, internal and external over-sight, and accountability; ‘‘(D) the extent to which the agency uses methods and combinations of methods that are appropriate to agency divisions and the corresponding research questions being ad-dressed, including an appropriate combina-tion of formative and summative evaluation research and analysis approaches; ‘‘(E) the extent to which evaluation and re-search capacity is present within the agency to include personnel and agency processes for planning and implementing evaluation activities, disseminating best practices and findings, and incorporating employee views and feedback; and ‘‘(F) the extent to which the agency has the capacity to assist agency staff and pro-gram offices to develop the capacity to use evaluation research and analysis approaches and data in the day-to-day operations.’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); and (3) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) Not later than two years after the date on which each strategic plan required under subsection (a) is published, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that— ‘‘(1) summarizes agency findings and high-lights trends in the assessment conducted pursuant to subsection (a)(9); and ‘‘(2) if appropriate, recommends actions to further improve agency capacity to use eval-uation techniques and data to support eval-uation efforts.’’. TITLE II—OPEN GOVERNMENT DATA ACT SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘‘Open, Pub-lic, Electronic, and Necessary Government Data Act’’’ or the ‘‘OPEN Government Data Act’’. 
SEC. 202. OPEN GOVERNMENT DATA. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 3502 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (14), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(15) the term ‘data’ means recorded infor-mation, regardless of form or the media on which the data is recorded; ‘‘(16) the term ‘data asset’ means a collec-tion of data elements or data sets that may be grouped together; ‘‘(17) the term ‘machine-readable’, when used with respect to data, means data in a format that can be easily processed by a computer without human intervention while ensuring no semantic meaning is lost; ‘‘(18) the term ‘metadata’ means structural or descriptive information about data such as content, format, source, rights, accuracy, provenance, frequency, periodicity, granu-larity, publisher or responsible party, con-tact information, method of collection, and other descriptions; ‘‘(19) the term ‘open Government data asset’ means a public data asset that is— ‘‘(A) machine-readable; ‘‘(B) available (or could be made available) in an open format; ‘‘(C) not encumbered by restrictions that would impede the use or reuse of such asset; and ‘‘(D) based on an underlying open standard that is maintained by a standards organiza-tion; ‘‘(20) the term ‘open license’ means a legal guarantee that a data asset is made avail-able— ‘‘(A) at no cost to the public; and ‘‘(B) with no restrictions on copying, pub-lishing, distributing, transmitting, citing, or adapting such asset; ‘‘(21) the term ‘public data asset’ means a data asset maintained by the Federal Gov-ernment that has been, or may be, released to the public, including any data asset sub-ject to disclosure under section 552 of title 5; and ‘‘(22) the term ‘statistical laws’ means sub-chapter III of this chapter and other laws pertaining to the protection of information collected for statistical purposes as des-ignated by the Director.’’. (b) G
UIDANCE TOMAKEDATAOPEN BY DE-
FAULT .—Section 3504(b) of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.013 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9283 November 15, 2017 
(2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) issue guidance for agencies to imple-ment section 3506(b)(6) in a manner that takes into account— ‘‘(A) risks and restrictions related to the disclosure of personally identifiable informa-tion, including the risk that an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a pri-vacy or confidentiality risk but when com-bined with other available information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(B) security considerations, including the risk that information in an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a security risk but when combined with other available information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(C) the cost and benefits to the public of converting a data asset into a machine-read-able format that is accessible and useful to the public; ‘‘(D) whether the application of the re-quirements described in such section to a data asset could result in legal liability; ‘‘(E) whether a data asset— ‘‘(i) is protected by intellectual property rights, including rights under titles 17 and 35; ‘‘(ii) contains confidential business infor-mation, that could be withheld under section 552(b)(4) of title 5; or ‘‘(iii) is otherwise restricted by contract or other binding, written agreement; ‘‘(F) the requirement that a data asset be disclosed, if it would otherwise be made available under section 552 of title 5 (com-monly known as the ‘Freedom of Informa-tion Act’); and ‘‘(G) any other considerations that the Di-rector determines to be relevant.’’. (c) F
EDERAL AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES TO M
AKEDATAOPEN BY DEFAULT .— (1) A
MENDMENTS .—Section 3506 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) in accordance with guidance by the Di-rector, develop and maintain a strategic in-formation resources management plan that, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(A) describes how information resources management activities help accomplish agency missions; ‘‘(B) includes an open data plan that— ‘‘(i) requires the agency to develop proc-esses and procedures that— ‘‘(I) require data collection mechanisms created on or after the date of the enactment of the OPEN Government Data Act to be available in an open format; and ‘‘(II) facilitate collaboration with non-Gov-ernment entities (including businesses), re-searchers, and the public for the purpose of understanding how data users value and use government data; ‘‘(ii) identifies and implements methods for collecting and analyzing digital information on data asset usage by users within and out-side of the agency, including designating a point of contact within the agency to assist the public and to respond to quality issues, usability issues, recommendations for im-provements, and complaints about adherence to open data requirements within a reason-able period of time; ‘‘(iii) develops and implements a process to evaluate and improve the timeliness, com-pleteness, consistency, accuracy, usefulness, and availability of open Government data as-sets; ‘‘(iv) includes requirements for meeting the goals of the agency open data plan, in-cluding the acquisition of technology, provi-sion of training for employees, and the im-plementation of procurement standards, in accordance with existing law, regulation, and policy, that allow for the acquisition of innovative solutions from public and private sectors; and ‘‘(v) requires the agency to comply with re-quirements under section 3511, including any standards established by the Director under such section, when disclosing a data asset pursuant to such section; and ‘‘(C) is updated annually and made publicly available on the website of the agency not later than five days after each such update;’’; (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (iii) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) in accordance with guidance by the Di-rector— ‘‘(A) make each data asset of the agency available in an open format; and ‘‘(B) make each public data asset of the agency available— ‘‘(i) as an open Government data asset; and ‘‘(ii) under an open license.’’; and (B) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) ensure that any public data asset of the agency is machine-readable; and ‘‘(6) engage the public in using public data assets of the agency and encourage collabo-ration by— ‘‘(A) publishing on the website of the agen-cy, on a regular basis (not less than annu-ally), information on the usage of such as-sets by non-Government users; ‘‘(B) providing the public with the oppor-tunity to request specific data assets to be prioritized for disclosure and to provide sug-gestions for the development of agency cri-teria with respect to prioritizing data assets for disclosure; ‘‘(C) assisting the public in expanding the use of public data assets; and ‘‘(D) hosting challenges, competitions, events, or other initiatives designed to cre-ate additional value from public data assets of the agency.’’. (2) U
SE OF OPEN DATA ASSETS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the head of each agency shall ensure that any activity by the agency meets the requirements of section 3506 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by this subsection. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) D
ATA INVENTORY AND FEDERAL DATA C
ATALOGUE .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Section 3511 of title 44, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3511. Data inventory and Federal data catalogue ‘‘(a) C
OMPREHENSIVE DATAINVENTORY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In consultation with the Director and in accordance with the guid-ance established under paragraph (2), the head of each agency shall, to the maximum extent practicable, develop and maintain a comprehensive data inventory that accounts for all data assets created by, collected by, under the control or direction of, or main-tained by the agency. The head of each agen-cy shall ensure that such inventory provides a clear and comprehensive understanding of the data assets in the possession of the agen-cy. ‘‘(2) G
UIDANCE .—The Director shall estab-lish guidance for agencies to develop and maintain comprehensive data inventories under paragraph (1). Such guidance shall in-clude the following: ‘‘(A) A requirement for the head of an agency to include in the comprehensive data inventory metadata on each data asset of the agency, including the following: ‘‘(i) A description of the data asset, includ-ing all variable names and definitions. ‘‘(ii) The name or title of the data asset. ‘‘(iii) An indication of whether the agen-cy— ‘‘(I) has determined if the data asset is— ‘‘(aa) an open Government data asset; ‘‘(bb) subject to disclosure under section 552 of title 5; ‘‘(cc) a public data asset eligible for disclo-sure under subsection (b); or ‘‘(dd) a data asset not subject to open for-mat or open license requirements due to ex-isting limitations or restrictions on govern-ment distribution of the asset; or ‘‘(II) as of the date of such indication, has not made such determination. ‘‘(iv) Any determination made under sec-tion 3582, if available. ‘‘(v) A description of the method by which the public may access or request access to the data asset. ‘‘(vi) The date on which the data asset was most recently updated. ‘‘(vii) Each agency responsible for main-taining the data asset. ‘‘(viii) The owner of the data asset. ‘‘(ix) To the extent practicable, any re-striction on the use of the data asset. ‘‘(x) The location of the data asset. ‘‘(xi) Any other metadata necessary to make the comprehensive data inventory use-ful to the agency and the public, or other-wise determined useful by the Director. ‘‘(B) A requirement for the head of an agency to exclude from the comprehensive data inventory any data asset contained on a national security system, as defined in sec-tion 11103 of title 40. ‘‘(C) Criteria for the head of an agency to use in determining which information, if any, in the comprehensive data inventory may not be made publicly available, which shall include, at a minimum, a requirement to ensure all information in the inventory that would be subject to disclosure under section 552 of title 5 is made publicly avail-able. ‘‘(D) A requirement for the head of each agency, in accordance with a procedure es-tablished by the Director, to submit for in-clusion in the Federal data catalogue main-tained under subsection (c) the data inven-tory developed pursuant to subparagraph (C), including any real-time updates to such in-ventory, and data assets made available in accordance with subparagraph (E) or any electronic hyperlink providing access to such data assets. ‘‘(E) Criteria for the head of an agency to use in determining whether a particular data asset should not be made publicly available in a manner that takes into account— ‘‘(i) risks and restrictions related to the disclosure of personally identifiable informa-tion, including the risk that an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a pri-vacy or confidentiality risk but when com-bined with other available information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(ii) security considerations, including the risk that information in an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a security risk but when combined with other available information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(iii) the cost and benefits to the public of converting the data into a manner that could be understood and used by the public; ‘‘(iv) whether the public dissemination of the data asset could result in legal liability; ‘‘(v) whether the data asset— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.013 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9284 November 15, 2017 
‘‘(I) is protected by intellectual property rights, including rights under titles 17 and 35; ‘‘(II) contains confidential business infor-mation, that could be withheld under section 552(b)(4) of title 5; or ‘‘(III) is restricted by contract or other binding, written agreement; ‘‘(vi) whether the holder of a right to such data asset has been consulted; ‘‘(vii) the expectation that all data assets that would otherwise be made available under section 552 of title 5 be disclosed; and ‘‘(viii) any other considerations that the Director determines to be relevant. ‘‘(3) R
EGULAR UPDATES REQUIRED .—With re- spect to each data asset created or identified by an agency, the head of the agency shall update the comprehensive data inventory of the agency not later than 90 days after the date of such creation or identification. ‘‘(b) P
UBLIC DATA ASSETS .—The head of each agency shall submit public data assets, or links to public data assets available on-line, as open Government data assets for in-clusion in the Federal data catalogue main-tained under subsection (c), in accordance with the guidance established under sub-section (a)(2). ‘‘(c) F
EDERAL DATACATALOGUE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of General Services shall maintain a single public interface online as a point of entry dedicated to sharing agency data assets with the public, which shall be known as the ‘Fed-eral data catalogue’. The Administrator and the Director shall ensure that agencies can submit public data assets, or links to public data assets, for publication and public avail-ability on the interface. ‘‘(2) R
EPOSITORY .—The Director shall col-laborate with the Office of Government In-formation Services and the Administrator of General Services to develop and maintain an online repository of tools, best practices, and schema standards to facilitate the adoption of open data practices across the Federal Government, which shall— ‘‘(A) include any definitions, regulations, policies, checklists, and case studies related to open data policy; ‘‘(B) facilitate collaboration and the adop-tion of best practices across the Federal Gov-ernment relating to the adoption of open data practices; and ‘‘(C) be made available on the Federal data catalogue maintained under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) A
CCESS TO OTHER DATA ASSETS .—The Director shall ensure the Federal data cata-logue maintained under paragraph (1) pro-vides information on how the public can ac-cess a data asset included in a comprehen-sive data inventory under subsection (a) that is not yet available on the Federal data cata-logue, including information regarding the application process established under section 3583 of title 44. ‘‘(d) D
ELEGATION .—The Director shall dele-gate to the Administrator of the Office of In-formation and Regulatory Affairs and the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government the authority to jointly issue guidance required under this section. ‘‘(e) U
SE OF EXISTING RESOURCES .—To the extent practicable, the head of each agency shall use existing procedures and systems to carry out agency requirements under this section.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The item relating to section 3511 of the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘3511. Data inventory and Federal data cata-logue.’’. (B) C
ROSS-REFERENCE .—Section 3504(b)(2)(A) of title 44, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the use of the Gov-ernment Information Locator Service’’ and inserting ‘‘the use of comprehensive data in-ventories and the Federal data catalogue under section 3511’’. (e) CHIEF DATAOFFICERS .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Section 3520 of title 44, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3520. Chief Data Officers ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The head of each agency shall designate a career appointee (as defined in section 3132 of title 5) in the agen-cy as the Chief Data Officer of the agency. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Chief Data Offi-cer of an agency shall be designated on the basis of demonstrated training and experi-ence in data management, collection, anal-ysis, protection, use, and dissemination, in-cluding with respect to any statistical and related techniques to protect and de-identify confidential data. ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS .—The Chief Data Officer of an agency shall— ‘‘(1) be responsible for lifecycle data man-agement; ‘‘(2) coordinate with any official in the agency responsible for using, protecting, dis-seminating, and generating data to ensure that the data needs of the agency are met; ‘‘(3) manage data assets of the agency, in-cluding the standardization of data format, sharing of data assets, and publication of data assets in accordance with applicable law; ‘‘(4) in carrying out the requirement under paragraphs (3) and (5), consult with any sta-tistical official of the agency (as designated under section 315 of title 5); ‘‘(5) carry out the requirements of the agency under subsections (b) through (d), (f), and (i) of section 3506, section 3507, and sec-tion 3511; ‘‘(6) ensure that agency data conforms with data management best practices; ‘‘(7) engage agency employees, the public, and contractors in using public data assets and encourage collaborative approaches on improving data use; ‘‘(8) support the Performance Improvement Officer of the agency in identifying and using data to carry out the functions described in section 1124(a)(2) of title 31; ‘‘(9) support the Chief Evaluation Officer of the agency in obtaining data to carry out the functions described in section 314 of title 5; ‘‘(10) review the impact of the infrastruc-ture of the agency on data asset accessibility and coordinate with the Chief Information Officer of the agency to improve such infra-structure to reduce barriers that inhibit data asset accessibility; ‘‘(11) ensure that, to the extent prac-ticable, the agency maximizes the use of data in the agency, including for the produc-tion of evidence (as defined in section 3561), cybersecurity, and the improvement of agen-cy operations; ‘‘(12) identify points of contact for roles and responsibilities related to open data use and implementation (as required by the Di-rector); ‘‘(13) serve as the agency liaison to other agencies and the Office of Management and Budget on the best way to use existing agen-cy data for statistical purposes (as defined in section 3561); and ‘‘(14) comply with any regulation and guid-ance issued under subchapter III, including the acquisition and maintenance of any re-quired certification and training. ‘‘(d) D
ELEGATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent necessary to comply with statistical laws, the Chief Data Officer of an agency shall delegate any responsibility under subsection (d) to the head of a statistical agency or unit (as de-fined in section 3561) within the agency. ‘‘(2) CONSULTATION .—To the extent permis-sible under law, the individual to whom a re-sponsibility has been delegated under para-graph (1) shall consult with the Chief Data Officer of the agency in carrying out such re-sponsibility. ‘‘(3) D
EFERENCE .—The Chief Data Officer of the agency shall defer to the individual to whom a responsibility has been delegated under paragraph (1) regarding the necessary delegation of such responsibility with re-spect to any data acquired, maintained, or disseminated by the agency under applicable statistical law. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .—The Chief Data Officer of an agency shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives an annual report on the compliance of the agency with the re-quirements of this subchapter, including in-formation on each requirement that the agency could not carry out and, if applicable, what the agency needs to carry out such re-quirement.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The item relating to section 3520 of the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘3520. Chief Data Officers.’’. (f) C
HIEF DATAOFFICER COUNCIL .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by inserting before section 3521 the following new section: ‘‘§ 3520A. Chief Data Officer Council ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Office of Management and Budget a Chief Data Officer Council (in this section referred to as the ‘Council’). ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE AND FUNCTIONS .—The Council shall— ‘‘(1) establish Governmentwide best prac-tices for the use, protection, dissemination, and generation of data; ‘‘(2) promote and encourage data sharing agreements between agencies; ‘‘(3) identify ways in which agencies can improve upon the production of evidence for use in policymaking; ‘‘(4) consult with the public and engage with private users of Government data and other stakeholders on how to improve access to data assets of the Federal Government; and ‘‘(5) identify and evaluate new technology solutions for improving the collection and use of data. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Data Officer of each agency shall serve as a member of the Council. ‘‘(2) C
HAIR.—The Director shall select the Chair of the Council from among the mem-bers of the Council. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—The Adminis-trator of the Office of Electronic Govern-ment shall serve as a member of the Council. ‘‘(4) E
X OFFICIO MEMBER .—The Director shall appoint a representative for all Chief Information Officers and Chief Evaluation Officers, and such representative shall serve as an ex officio member of the Council. ‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .—The Council shall submit to the Director, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives a biennial report on the work of the Council. ‘‘(e) E
VALUATION AND TERMINATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.013 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9285 November 15, 2017 
‘‘(1) GAO EVALUATION OF COUNCIL .—Not later than four years after date of the enact-ment of this section, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall submit to Congress a report on whether the additional duties of the Council improved the use of evidence and program evaluation in the Federal Government. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION OF COUNCIL .—The Council shall terminate and this section shall be re-pealed upon the expiration of the two-year period that begins on the date the Comp-troller General submits the report under paragraph (1) to Congress.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections at the begin-ning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 3521 the following new item: ‘‘3520A. Chief Data Officer Council.’’. (g) R
EPORTS .— (1) GAO 
REPORT .—Not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a report that iden-tifies, to the extent practicable— (A) the value of information made avail-able to the public as a result of this Act and the amendments made by this Act; (B) whether the public availability of any information that has not yet been made so available would be valuable to the public; and (C) the completeness of each comprehen-sive data inventory developed under section 3511 of title 44, United States Code. (2) B
IENNIAL OMB REPORT .—Not later than one year after date of the enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall electronically publish a report on agen-cy performance and compliance with this Act and the amendments made by this Act. TITLE III—CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION PROTECTION AND STATISTICAL EFFI-CIENCY 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Confiden-tial Information Protection and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 302. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION PROTEC-TION AND STATISTICAL EFFICIENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—CONFIDENTIAL IN-FORMATION PROTECTION AND STATIS-TICAL EFFICIENCY ‘‘PART A—GENERAL ‘‘§ 3561. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘agency’ means any entity that falls within the definition of the term ‘executive agency’, as defined in section 102 of title 31, or ‘agency’, as defined in section 3502. ‘‘(2) A
GENT .—The term ‘agent’ means an in-dividual— ‘‘(A)(i) who is an employee of a private or-ganization or a researcher affiliated with an institution of higher learning (including a person granted special sworn status by the Bureau of the Census under section 23(c) of title 13), and with whom a contract or other agreement is executed, on a temporary basis, by an executive agency to perform exclu-sively statistical activities under the control and supervision of an officer or employee of that agency; ‘‘(ii) who is working under the authority of a government entity with which a contract or other agreement is executed by an execu-tive agency to perform exclusively statis-tical activities under the control of an offi-cer or employee of that agency; ‘‘(iii) who is a self-employed researcher, a consultant, a contractor, or an employee of a contractor, and with whom a contract or other agreement is executed by an executive agency to perform a statistical activity under the control of an officer or employee of that agency; or ‘‘(iv) who is a contractor or an employee of a contractor, and who is engaged by the agency to design or maintain the systems for handling or storage of data received under this subchapter; and ‘‘(B) who agrees in writing to comply with all provisions of law that affect information acquired by that agency. ‘‘(3) BUSINESS DATA .—The term ‘business data’ means operating and financial data and information about businesses, tax-exempt organizations, and government entities. ‘‘(4) D
ATA ASSET .—The term ‘data asset’ has the meaning given that term in section 3502. ‘‘(5) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(6) E
VIDENCE .—The term ‘evidence’ means information produced as a result of statis-tical activities conducted for a statistical purpose. ‘‘(7) I
DENTIFIABLE FORM .—The term ‘identi-fiable form’ means any representation of in-formation that permits the identity of the respondent to whom the information applies to be reasonably inferred by either direct or indirect means. ‘‘(8) N
ONSTATISTICAL PURPOSE .—The term ‘nonstatistical purpose’— ‘‘(A) means the use of data in identifiable form for any purpose that is not a statistical purpose, including any administrative, regu-latory, law enforcement, adjudicatory, or other purpose that affects the rights, privi-leges, or benefits of a particular identifiable respondent; and ‘‘(B) includes the disclosure under section 552 of title 5 of data that are acquired for ex-clusively statistical purposes under a pledge of confidentiality. ‘‘(9) R
ESPONDENT .—The term ‘respondent’ means a person who, or organization that, is requested or required to supply information to an agency, is the subject of information requested or required to be supplied to an agency, or provides that information to an agency. ‘‘(10) S
TATISTICAL ACTIVITIES .—The term ‘statistical activities’— ‘‘(A) means the collection, compilation, processing, or analysis of data for the pur-pose of describing or making estimates con-cerning the whole, or relevant groups or components within, the economy, society, or the natural environment; and ‘‘(B) includes the development of methods or resources that support those activities, such as measurement methods, models, sta-tistical classifications, or sampling frames. ‘‘(11) S
TATISTICAL AGENCY OR UNIT .—The term ‘statistical agency or unit’ means an agency or organizational unit of the execu-tive branch whose activities are predomi-nantly the collection, compilation, proc-essing, or analysis of information for statis-tical purposes, as designated by the Director under section 3562. ‘‘(12) S
TATISTICAL PURPOSE .—The term ‘sta-tistical purpose’— ‘‘(A) means the description, estimation, or analysis of the characteristics of groups, without identifying the individuals or orga-nizations that comprise such groups; and ‘‘(B) includes the development, implemen-tation, or maintenance of methods, technical or administrative procedures, or information resources that support the purposes de-scribed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘§ 3562. Coordination and oversight of poli-cies ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Director shall co-ordinate and oversee the confidentiality and disclosure policies established by this sub-chapter. The Director may promulgate rules or provide other guidance to ensure con-sistent interpretation of this subchapter by the affected agencies. The Director shall de-velop a process by which the Director des-ignates agencies or organizational units as statistical agencies and units. The Director shall promulgate guidance to implement such process, which shall include specific cri-teria for such designation and methods by which the Director will ensure transparency in the process. ‘‘(b) A
GENCY RULES .—Subject to subsection (c), agencies may promulgate rules to imple-ment this subchapter. Rules governing dis-closures of information that are authorized by this subchapter shall be promulgated by the agency that originally collected the in-formation. ‘‘(c) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL OF RULES .—The Director shall review any rules proposed by an agency pursuant to this subchapter for consistency with the provisions of this chap-ter and such rules shall be subject to the ap-proval of the Director. ‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) The head of each agency shall provide to the Director such reports and other infor-mation as the Director requests. ‘‘(2) Each Designated Statistical Agency (as defined in section 3576(e)) shall report an-nually to the Director, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate on the actions it has taken to implement section 3576. The report shall include copies of each written agreement entered into pursuant to section 3576(c)(1) for the applicable year. ‘‘(3) The Director shall include a summary of reports submitted to the Director under this subsection and actions taken by the Di-rector to advance the purposes of this sub-chapter in the annual report to Congress on statistical programs prepared under section 3504(e)(2). ‘‘§ 3563. Federal statistical agencies ‘‘(a) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each statistical agency or unit shall— ‘‘(A) produce and disseminate relevant and timely statistical information; ‘‘(B) conduct credible and accurate statis-tical activities; ‘‘(C) conduct objective statistical activi-ties; and ‘‘(D) protect the trust of information pro-viders by ensuring the confidentiality and exclusive statistical use of their responses ‘‘(2) P
OLICIES , BEST PRACTICES , AND PROCE -
DURES .—Each statistical agency or unit shall adopt policies, best practices, and appro-priate procedures to implement the respon-sibilities described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) S
UPPORT FROM OTHER AGENCIES .—The head of each agency shall enable, support, and facilitate statistical agencies or units in carrying out the responsibilities described in subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Director shall pre-scribe regulations to carry out this section. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
CCURATE .—The term ‘accurate’, when used with respect to statistical activities, means statistics that consistently match the events and trends being measured. ‘‘(2) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—The term ‘confiden-tiality’ means a quality or condition ac-corded to information as an obligation not to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.013 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9286 November 15, 2017 
disclose that information to an unauthorized party. ‘‘(3) O
BJECTIVE .—The term ‘objective’, when used with respect to statistical activi-ties, means accurate, clear, complete, and unbiased. ‘‘(4) R
ELEVANT .—The term ‘relevant’, when used with respect to statistical information, means processes, activities, and other such matters likely to be useful to policymakers and public and private sector data users. ‘‘§ 3564. Effect on other laws ‘‘(a) T
ITLE 44, U NITED STATES CODE.—This subchapter does not diminish the authority under section 3510 of the Director to direct, and of an agency to make, disclosures that are not inconsistent with any applicable law. ‘‘(b) T
ITLE 13 ANDTITLE 44, U NITED STATES  C
ODE.—This subchapter does not diminish the authority of the Bureau of the Census to provide information in accordance with sec-tions 8, 16, 301, and 401 of title 13 and section 2108 of this title. ‘‘(c) T
ITLE 13, U NITED STATES CODE.—This subchapter shall not be construed as author-izing the disclosure for nonstatistical pur-poses of demographic data or information collected by the Bureau of the Census pursu-ant to section 9 of title 13. ‘‘(d) V
ARIOUS ENERGY STATUTES .—Data or information acquired by the Energy Informa-tion Administration under a pledge of con-fidentiality and designated by the Energy In-formation Administration to be used for ex-clusively statistical purposes shall not be disclosed in identifiable form for nonstatis-tical purposes under— ‘‘(1) section 12, 20, or 59 of the Federal En-ergy Administration Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 771, 779, 790h); ‘‘(2) section 11 of the Energy Supply and Environmental Coordination Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 796); or ‘‘(3) section 205 or 407 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7135, 7177). ‘‘(e) S
ECTION 201 OFCONGRESSIONAL BUDGET  A
CT OF 1974.—This subchapter shall not be construed to limit any authorities of the Congressional Budget Office to work (con-sistent with laws governing the confiden-tiality of information the disclosure of which would be a violation of law) with databases of Designated Statistical Agencies (as de-fined in section 3576(e)), either separately or, for data that may be shared pursuant to sec-tion 3576(c) or other authority, jointly in order to improve the general utility of these databases for the statistical purpose of ana-lyzing pension and health care financing issues. ‘‘(f) P
REEMPTION OF STATE LAW.—Nothing in this subchapter shall preempt applicable State law regarding the confidentiality of data collected by the States. ‘‘(g) S
TATUTES REGARDING FALSE STATE -
MENTS .—Notwithstanding section 3572, infor-mation collected by an agency for exclu-sively statistical purposes under a pledge of confidentiality may be provided by the col-lecting agency to a law enforcement agency for the prosecution of submissions to the col-lecting agency of false statistical informa-tion under statutes that authorize criminal penalties (such as section 221 of title 13) or civil penalties for the provision of false sta-tistical information, unless such disclosure or use would otherwise be prohibited under Federal law. ‘‘(h) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-chapter shall be construed as restricting or diminishing any confidentiality protections or penalties for unauthorized disclosure that otherwise apply to data or information col-lected for statistical purposes or nonstatis-tical purposes, including, but not limited to, section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(i) AUTHORITY OF CONGRESS .—Nothing in this subchapter shall be construed to affect the authority of the Congress, including its committees, members, or agents, to obtain data or information for a statistical purpose, including for oversight of an agency’s statis-tical activities. ‘‘PART B—CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION PROTECTION ‘‘§ 3571. Findings ‘‘The Congress finds the following: ‘‘(1) Individuals, businesses, and other or-ganizations have varying degrees of legal protection when providing information to the agencies for strictly statistical purposes. ‘‘(2) Pledges of confidentiality by agencies provide assurances to the public that infor-mation about individuals or organizations or provided by individuals or organizations for exclusively statistical purposes will be held in confidence and will not be used against such individuals or organizations in any agency action. ‘‘(3) Protecting the confidentiality inter-ests of individuals or organizations who pro-vide information under a pledge of confiden-tiality for Federal statistical programs serves both the interests of the public and the needs of society. ‘‘(4) Declining trust of the public in the protection of information provided under a pledge of confidentiality to the agencies ad-versely affects both the accuracy and com-pleteness of statistical analyses. ‘‘(5) Ensuring that information provided under a pledge of confidentiality for statis-tical purposes receives protection is essen-tial in continuing public cooperation in sta-tistical programs. ‘‘§ 3572. Confidential information protection ‘‘(a) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this sec-tion are the following: ‘‘(1) To ensure that information supplied by individuals or organizations to an agency for statistical purposes under a pledge of confidentiality is used exclusively for statis-tical purposes. ‘‘(2) To ensure that individuals or organiza-tions who supply information under a pledge of confidentiality to agencies for statistical purposes will neither have that information disclosed in identifiable form to anyone not authorized by this subchapter nor have that information used for any purpose other than a statistical purpose. ‘‘(3) To safeguard the confidentiality of in-dividually identifiable information acquired under a pledge of confidentiality for statis-tical purposes by controlling access to, and uses made of, such information. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF STATISTICAL DATA OR INFORMA -
TION.—Data or information acquired by an agency under a pledge of confidentiality and for exclusively statistical purposes shall be used by officers, employees, or agents of the agency exclusively for statistical purposes and protected in accordance with such pledge. ‘‘(c) D
ISCLOSURE OF STATISTICAL DATA OR  I
NFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) Data or information acquired by an agency under a pledge of confidentiality for exclusively statistical purposes shall not be disclosed by an agency in identifiable form, for any use other than an exclusively statis-tical purpose, except with the informed con-sent of the respondent. ‘‘(2) A disclosure pursuant to paragraph (1) is authorized only when the head of the agency approves such disclosure and the dis-closure is not prohibited by any other law. ‘‘(3) This section does not restrict or di-minish any confidentiality protections in law that otherwise apply to data or informa-tion acquired by an agency under a pledge of confidentiality for exclusively statistical purposes. ‘‘(d) RULE FOR USE OF DATA OR INFORMA -
TION FOR NONSTATISTICAL PURPOSES .—A sta- tistical agency or unit shall clearly distin-guish any data or information it collects for nonstatistical purposes (as authorized by law) and provide notice to the public, before the data or information is collected, that the data or information could be used for non-statistical purposes. ‘‘(e) D
ESIGNATION OF AGENTS .—A statistical agency or unit may designate agents, by con-tract or by entering into a special agreement containing the provisions required under sec-tion 3561(2) for treatment as an agent under that section, who may perform exclusively statistical activities, subject to the limita-tions and penalties described in this sub-chapter. ‘‘(f) F
INES AND PENALTIES .—Whoever, being an officer, employee, or agent of an agency acquiring information for exclusively statis-tical purposes, having taken and subscribed the oath of office, or having sworn to observe the limitations imposed by this section, comes into possession of such information by reason of his or her being an officer, em-ployee, or agent and, knowing that the dis-closure of the specific information is prohib-ited under the provisions of this subchapter, willfully discloses the information in any manner to a person or agency not entitled to receive it, shall be guilty of a class E felony and imprisoned for not more than five years, or fined not more than $250,000, or both. ‘‘PART C—STATISTICAL EFFICIENCY ‘‘§ 3575. Findings ‘‘The Congress finds the following: ‘‘(1) Federal statistics are an important source of information for public and private decision-makers such as policymakers, con-sumers, businesses, investors, and workers. ‘‘(2) Federal statistical agencies should continuously seek to improve their effi-ciency. Statutory constraints limit the abil-ity of these agencies to share data and thus to achieve higher efficiency for Federal sta-tistical programs. ‘‘(3) The quality of Federal statistics de-pends on the willingness of businesses to re-spond to statistical surveys. Reducing re-porting burdens will increase response rates, and therefore lead to more accurate charac-terizations of the economy. ‘‘(4) Enhanced sharing of business data among the Bureau of the Census, the Bureau of Economic Analysis, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics for exclusively statistical purposes will improve their ability to track more accurately the large and rapidly chang-ing nature of United States business. In par-ticular, the statistical agencies will be able to better ensure that businesses are consist-ently classified in appropriate industries, re-solve data anomalies, produce statistical samples that are consistently adjusted for the entry and exit of new businesses in a timely manner, and correct faulty reporting errors quickly and efficiently. ‘‘(5) Congress enacted the International In-vestment and Trade in Services Survey Act (Public Law 94–472), which allowed the Bu-reau of the Census, the Bureau of Economic Analysis, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics to share data on foreign-owned companies. The Act not only expanded detailed industry coverage from 135 industries to over 800 in-dustries with no increase in the data col-lected from respondents but also dem-onstrated how data sharing can result in the creation of valuable data products. ‘‘(6) With part B of this subchapter, the sharing of business data among the Bureau of the Census, the Bureau of Economic Anal-ysis, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics con-tinues to ensure the highest level of con-fidentiality for respondents to statistical surveys. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.013 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9287 November 15, 2017 
‘‘§ 3576. Designated Statistical Agencies ‘‘(a) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this sec-tion are the following: ‘‘(1) To authorize the sharing of business data among the Bureau of the Census, the Bureau of Economic Analysis, and the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics for exclusively sta-tistical purposes. ‘‘(2) To reduce the paperwork burdens im-posed on businesses that provide requested information to the Federal Government. ‘‘(3) To improve the comparability and ac-curacy of Federal economic statistics by al-lowing the Bureau of the Census, the Bureau of Economic Analysis, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics to update sample frames, develop consistent classifications of estab-lishments and companies into industries, im-prove coverage, and reconcile significant dif-ferences in data produced by the three agen-cies. ‘‘(4) To increase understanding of the United States economy, especially for key industry and regional statistics, to develop more accurate measures of the impact of technology on productivity growth, and to enhance the reliability of the Nation’s most important economic indicators, such as the National Income and Product Accounts. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF DESIGNATED STA-
TISTICAL AGENCIES .—The head of each of the Designated Statistical Agencies shall— ‘‘(1) identify opportunities to eliminate du-plication and otherwise reduce reporting burden and cost imposed on the public in providing information for statistical pur-poses; ‘‘(2) enter into joint statistical projects to improve the quality and reduce the cost of statistical programs; and ‘‘(3) protect the confidentiality of individ-ually identifiable information acquired for statistical purposes by adhering to safeguard principles, including— ‘‘(A) emphasizing to their officers, employ-ees, and agents the importance of protecting the confidentiality of information in cases where the identity of individual respondents can reasonably be inferred by either direct or indirect means; ‘‘(B) training their officers, employees, and agents in their legal obligations to protect the confidentiality of individually identifi-able information and in the procedures that must be followed to provide access to such information; ‘‘(C) implementing appropriate measures to assure the physical and electronic secu-rity of confidential data; ‘‘(D) establishing a system of records that identifies individuals accessing confidential data and the project for which the data were required; and ‘‘(E) being prepared to document their compliance with safeguard principles to other agencies authorized by law to monitor such compliance. ‘‘(c) S
HARING OF BUSINESS DATA AMONG  D
ESIGNATED STATISTICAL AGENCIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A Designated Statistical Agency may provide business data in an identifiable form to another Designated Sta-tistical Agency under the terms of a written agreement among the agencies sharing the business data that specifies— ‘‘(A) the business data to be shared; ‘‘(B) the statistical purposes for which the business data are to be used; ‘‘(C) the officers, employees, and agents au-thorized to examine the business data to be shared; and ‘‘(D) appropriate security procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of the business data. ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF AGENCIES UNDER  
OTHER LAWS .—The provision of business data by an agency to a Designated Statistical Agency under this section shall in no way alter the responsibility of the agency pro-viding the data under other statutes (includ-ing sections 552 and 552b of title 5) with re-spect to the provision or withholding of such information by the agency providing the data. ‘‘(3) RESPONSIBILITIES OF OFFICERS , EMPLOY -
EES, AND AGENTS .—Examination of business data in identifiable form shall be limited to the officers, employees, and agents author-ized to examine the individual reports in ac-cordance with written agreements pursuant to this section. Officers, employees, and agents of a Designated Statistical Agency who receive data pursuant to this section shall be subject to all provisions of law, in-cluding penalties, that relate— ‘‘(A) to the unlawful provision of the busi-ness data that would apply to the officers, employees, and agents of the agency that originally obtained the information; and ‘‘(B) to the unlawful disclosure of the busi-ness data that would apply to officers, em-ployees, and agents of the agency that origi-nally obtained the information. ‘‘(4) N
OTICE .—Whenever a written agree-ment concerns data that respondents were required by law to report and the respond-ents were not informed that the data could be shared among the Designated Statistical Agencies, for exclusively statistical pur-poses, the terms of such agreement shall be described in a public notice issued by the agency that intends to provide the data. Such notice shall allow a minimum of 60 days for public comment. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATIONS ON USE OF BUSINESS DATA P
ROVIDED BY DESIGNATED STATISTICAL AGEN-
CIES.— ‘‘(1) G
ENERAL USE .—Business data provided by a Designated Statistical Agency pursuant to this section shall be used exclusively for statistical purposes. ‘‘(2) P
UBLICATION .—Publication of business data acquired by a Designated Statistical Agency shall occur in a manner whereby the data furnished by any particular respondent are not in identifiable form. ‘‘(e) D
ESIGNATED STATISTICAL AGENCY DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘Designated Statistical Agency’ means each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) The Census Bureau of the Department of Commerce. ‘‘(2) The Bureau of Economic Analysis of the Department of Commerce. ‘‘(3) The Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by proceeding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
PROTECTION AND STATISTICAL EFFICIENCY  ‘‘P
ARTA—G ENERAL  ‘‘3561. Definitions. ‘‘3562. Coordination and oversight of policies. ‘‘3563. Federal statistical agencies. ‘‘3564. Effect on other laws. ‘‘P
ARTB—C ONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  P
ROTECTION  ‘‘3571. Findings. ‘‘3572. Confidential information protection. ‘‘P
ARTC—S TATISTICAL EFFICIENCY  ‘‘3575. Findings. ‘‘3576. Designated Statistical Agencies.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
EPEAL OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
PROTECTION AND STATISTICAL EFFICIENCY ACT  
OF2002.—Title V of the E–Government Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–347; 44 U.S.C. 3501 note) is repealed (and the table of contents of such Act shall be conformed accordingly). (2) T
ITLE 13, UNITED STATES CODE .—Section 402 of title 13, United States Code, is amend-ed by striking ‘‘the Confidential Information Protection and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3576(e) of title 44’’. (3) TITLE 49, UNITED STATES CODE .—Title 49, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 6302(d)(4), by striking ‘‘the Confidential Information’’ and all that fol-lows through the period and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 3572 of title 44.’’; and (B) in section 6314(d)(2), by striking ‘‘the Confidential Information’’ and all that fol-lows through the period and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 3572 of title 44.’’. (4) A
CT OF JANUARY 27, 1938.—The first sec-tion of the Act of January 27, 1938, entitled ‘‘An Act to make confidential certain infor-mation furnished to the Bureau of Foreign and Domestic Commerce, and for other pur-poses’’ (52 Stat. 8, chapter 11; 15 U.S.C. 176a), is amended by striking ‘‘the Confidential In-formation Protection and Statistical Effi-ciency Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-chapter III of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code’’. (5) F
IXING AMERICA ’S SURFACE TRANSPOR -
TATION ACT .—Section 7308(e)(2) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (Pub-lic Law 114–94; 49 U.S.C. 20155 note) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘the Confidential Information Protection and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 3572 of title 44, United States Code’’. (d) T
RANSITIONAL AND SAVINGS PROVI-
SIONS .— (1) C
UTOFF DATE .—This title replaces cer-tain provisions of law enacted on December 17, 2002. If a law enacted after that date amends or repeals a provision replaced by this title, that law is deemed to amend or re-peal, as the case may be, the corresponding provision enacted by this title. If a law en-acted after that date is otherwise incon-sistent with this title, it supersedes this title to the extent of the inconsistency. (2) O
RIGINAL DATE OF ENACTMENT UN -
CHANGED .—For purposes of determining whether one provision of law supersedes an-other based on enactment later in time, the date of the enactment of a provision enacted by this title is deemed to be the date of the enactment of the provision it replaced. (3) R
EFERENCES TO PROVISIONS REPLACED .— A reference to a provision of law replaced by this title, including a reference in a regula-tion, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the corresponding provision enacted by this title. (4) R
EGULATIONS , ORDERS , AND OTHER AD -
MINISTRATIVE ACTIONS .—A regulation, order, or other administrative action in effect under a provision of law replaced by this title continues in effect under the cor-responding provision enacted by this title. (5) A
CTIONS TAKEN AND OFFENSES COM -
MITTED .—An action taken or an offense com-mitted under a provision of law replaced by this title is deemed to have been taken or committed under the corresponding provi-sion enacted by this title. 
SEC. 303. INCREASING ACCESS TO DATA FOR EVI-DENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as added by section 302, is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART D—ACCESS TO DATA FOR EVIDENCE ‘‘§ 3581. Presumption of accessibility for sta-tistical agencies and units ‘‘(a) A
CCESSIBILITY OF DATA ASSETS .—The head of an agency shall, to the extent prac-ticable, make any data asset maintained by the agency available, upon request, to any statistical agency or unit for purposes of de-veloping evidence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.013 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9288 November 15, 2017 
‘‘(b) L IMITATIONS .—Subsection (a) does not apply to any data asset that is subject to a statute that— ‘‘(1) prohibits the sharing or intended use of such asset in a manner as to leave no dis-cretion on the issue; or ‘‘(2) if enacted after the date of the enact-ment of this section, specifically cites to this paragraph. ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Director shall pre-scribe regulations for agencies to carry out this section. Such regulations shall— ‘‘(1) require the timely provision of data assets under subsection (a); ‘‘(2) provide a list of statutes that exempt agencies from the requirement under sub-section (a) pursuant to subsection (b)(1); and ‘‘(3) require a transparent process for sta-tistical agencies and units to request data assets from agencies and for agencies to re-spond to such requests. ‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as altering ex-isting intellectual property rights or the terms of any contract or other binding, writ-ten agreement. ‘‘§ 3582. Expanding secure access to CIPSEA data assets ‘‘(a) S
TATISTICAL AGENCY RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—To the extent practicable, each sta-tistical agency or unit shall expand access to data assets of such agency or unit acquired or accessed under this subchapter to develop evidence while protecting such assets from inappropriate access and use, in accordance with the regulations promulgated under sub-section (b). ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS FOR ACCESSIBILITY OF  N
ONPUBLIC DATAASSETS .—The Director shall promulgate regulations, in accordance with applicable law, for statistical agencies and units to carry out the requirement under subsection (a). Such regulations shall in-clude the following: ‘‘(1) Standards for each statistical agency or unit to assess each data asset owned or accessed by the statistical agency or unit for purposes of categorizing the sensitivity level of each such asset and identifying the cor-responding level of accessibility to each such asset. Such standards shall include— ‘‘(A) common sensitivity levels and cor-responding levels of accessibility that may be assigned to a data asset, including a req-uisite minimum and maximum number of sensitivity levels for each statistical agency or unit to use; ‘‘(B) criteria for determining the sensi-tivity level and corresponding level of acces-sibility of each data asset; and ‘‘(C) criteria for determining whether a less sensitive and more accessible version of a data asset can be produced. ‘‘(2) Standards for each statistical agency or unit to improve access to a data asset pur-suant to paragraph (1) or (3) by removing or obscuring information in such a manner that the identity of the data subject is less likely to be reasonably inferred by either direct or indirect means. ‘‘(3) A requirement for each statistical agency or unit to conduct a comprehensive risk assessment of any data asset acquired or accessed under this subchapter prior to any public release of such asset, including stand-ards for such comprehensive risk assessment and criteria for making a determination of whether to release the data. ‘‘(4) Requirements for each statistical agency or unit to make any process or as-sessment established, produced, or conducted pursuant to this section transparent and easy to understand, including the following: ‘‘(A) A requirement to make information on the assessment of the sensitivity level of each data asset conducted pursuant to para-graph (1) available on the Federal data cata-logue established under section 3511(c)(1). ‘‘(B) A requirement to make any com-prehensive risk assessment, and associated determinations, conducted under paragraph (3) available on the Federal data catalogue established under section 3511(c)(1). ‘‘(C) A requirement to make any standard or policy established by the statistical agen-cy or unit to carry out this section and any assessment conducted under this section eas-ily accessible on the public website of such agency or unit. ‘‘(c) RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTOR .— The Director shall— ‘‘(1) make public all standards and policies established under this section; and ‘‘(2) ensure that statistical agencies and units have the ability to make information public on the Federal data catalogue estab-lished under section 3511(c)(1), in accordance with requirements established pursuant to subsection (b). ‘‘§ 3583. Application to access data assets for developing evidence ‘‘(a) S
TANDARD APPLICATION PROCESS .—The Director shall establish a process through which agencies, the Congressional Budget Of-fice, State, local, and Tribal governments, researchers, and other individuals, as appro-priate, may apply to access the data assets accessed or acquired under this subchapter by a statistical agency or unit for purposes of developing evidence. The process shall in-clude the following: ‘‘(1) Sufficient detail to ensure that each statistical agency or unit establishes an identical process. ‘‘(2) A common application form. ‘‘(3) Criteria for statistical agencies and units to determine whether to grant an ap-plicant access to a data asset. ‘‘(4) Timeframes for prompt determina-tions by each statistical agency or unit. ‘‘(5) An appeals process for adverse deci-sions and noncompliance with the process es-tablished under this subsection. ‘‘(6) Standards for transparency, including requirements to make the following informa-tion publicly available: ‘‘(A) Each application received. ‘‘(B) The status of each application. ‘‘(C) The determination made for each ap-plication. ‘‘(D) Any other information, as appro-priate, to ensure full transparency of the process established under this subsection. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In establishing the process required under subsection (a), the Di-rector shall consult with stakeholders, in-cluding the public, agencies, State and local governments, and representatives of non- governmental researchers. ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The head of each statistical agency or unit shall implement the process established under subsection (a).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘P
ARTD—A CCESS TO DATA FOR EVIDENCE  ‘‘3581. Presumption of accessibility for sta-tistical agencies and units. ‘‘3582. Expanding secure access to CIPSEA data assets. ‘‘3583. Application to access data assets for developing evidence.’’. (c) D
EADLINE FOR GUIDANCE AND IMPLEMEN -
TATION .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget shall promulgate or issue any regulation or guidance required by subchapter III of title 44, United States Code, as amended by this section, with a requirement for such regula-tion or guidance to be implemented not later than one year after the date on which such regulation or guidance has been promulgated or issued. TITLE IV—GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 401. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, may be construed— (1) to require the disclosure of information or records that are exempt from disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’); (2) to create or expand an exemption from disclosure under such section; or (3) to affect the authority of a Federal agency regarding— (A) intellectual property rights, including rights under titles 17 and 35, United States Code; (B) confidential business information that could be withheld under section 552(b)(4) of title 5; or (C) data assets restricted from disclosure under a contract or other binding, written agreement. 
SEC. 402. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise provided, this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) and the gen-tlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
AT-
SONCOLEMAN ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include in the R
ECORD extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. R
YAN), the sponsor of the bill and my friend, the Speaker of the House. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Foundations for Evi-dence-Based Policymaking Act. First, I want to thank the sponsors of the bill. I want to thank Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . I want to thank Mr. K IL-
MER. I want to thank Chairman G OWDY . B
LAKE FARENTHOLD and D EREK KIL-
MER were the key drivers of this meas-ure, and they made it stronger by in-corporating their OPEN Government Data Act. T
REY GOWDY and his staff—I don’t know where he is. He is probably work-ing on his hair. T
REY GOWDY and his staff—especially Katy Rother—spent countless hours working with our team—especially Ted McCann—and others to turn the Commission on Evi-dence-Based Policymaking’s vision into legislation. All the members of this Commission did incredible work. I want to especially thank Senator P
ATTY MURRAY for her willingness to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.013 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9289 November 15, 2017 
work together on this issue. We may be on different sides of the aisle, but there is one thing that we passionately agree on, and that is what the government does, it should do it well. The tax-payer’s money should always be pro-tected, and that is exactly why we came together to write this bipartisan legislation. So what does this bill actually do? It protects privacy. It improves trans-parency. It ensures that Federal agen-cies are protecting the data collected by the government. The American people deserve to know and they deserve to understand exactly what data the government is actually collecting. They deserve to know that the strictest safeguards are placed on that data. The driving purpose of this legisla-tion is very simple: we are requiring Federal agencies to prioritize evidence when they are measuring a program’s success. Go figure. Here is what we are talking about. Let’s just take poverty, for example. Instead of measuring success based on inputs, instead of measuring success based on how many programs we have created, how much money we are spending, how many people are on those programs, let’s measure success based on results: Is it working? Are people getting out of poverty? Are the goals and objectives of these bills and these laws actually being achieved or not? By directing agencies to do this, no longer will ‘‘we don’t know’’ be an ac-ceptable answer when asked if a pro-gram is actually working. It is really just kind of crazy, but so much of what government does, gov-ernment doesn’t actually see whether or not it is actually succeeding at doing it. So we have got to get off of this input effort-based system, this 20th century relic, and on to clearly identifiable, evidence-based terms, con-ditions, data, results, outcomes. With this bill, we are asking the Fed-eral bureaucracy to step up its game. We are asking ourselves: How can we improve the lives of our fellow citizens by better understanding the programs that we put in place? How can we make sure that the money that is being spent on behalf of the hardworking tax-payers, who send the money here in the first place, is being spent wisely, effi-ciently, effectively? We need results, not just effort. This is just good, commonsense policy, and it is going to mean a real sea change in how we solve problems and how govern-ment actually works. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill, and I thank the sponsors for all of their hard work. b1445 Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Foundations for Evidence-Based Policymaking Act, as amended, would establish a framework to support greater access and use of government data. I want to thank Representatives D
EREK KILMER and B LAKE FARENTHOLD  for their work on the OPEN Govern-ment Data Act, which is the basis for title II of this bill. I also want to thank Speaker R
YAN, Senator M URRAY , and Chairman G
OWDY for their bipartisan work on this issue. This bill would require that agencies make data ‘‘open by default’’ and de-velop a plan for building evidence in their agencies. The bill would require that the Office of Management and Budget develop a Federal catalog and inventory of agen-cy data assets and that each agency designate chief evaluation officers and chief data officers who would work to ensure that agencies utilize data effec-tively. The goal of this bill is to ensure that Congress and the executive branch are able to make important policy deci-sions based on evidence. This is not al-ways the case. For example, take the Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program. Funding for that program was recently cut even though there is significant evidence that it works well. If we are going to demand more and higher quality evidence from these Federal agencies, it is imperative that Congress and the executive branch ad-vance policies supported by that evi-dence. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to sup-port H.R. 4174, introduced by Speaker R
YANand of which I am an original co-sponsor. The American people deserve an effi-cient and effective Federal Govern-ment. I think we can all agree on that. Taxpayers have the right to know their money is being spent wisely. All too often, decisionmakers throughout the Federal Government make choices without sufficient evidence and data to inform them and guide them in making those decisions. In the previous Congress, Speaker R
YAN and Senator P ATTY MURRAY in-troduced the bicameral and bipartisan Evidence-Based Policymaking Commis-sion Act of 2016. The Commission was charged with studying and making rec-ommendations related to access and use of evidence to support effective pol-icymaking. Believe it or not, they fin-ished in about a year. The Commission on Evidence-Based Policymaking released their report September 7 of this year. The Commis-sion made 22 recommendations on how to improve how evidence is accessed, produced, secured, and maintained by the Federal Government. On September 26, 2017, the House Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform held a hearing entitled ‘‘Recommendations of the Commission on Evidence-Based Policymaking.’’ At that hearing, four members of the Commission explained the intent of the recommendations and the need for more evidence to improve policy-making. According to Dr. Ron Haskins, the co-chair of the Commission, evidence showed that many of the Nation’s so-cial programs produced modest to no impacts. H.R. 4174, the Foundations for Evi-dence-Based Policymaking Act of 2017, addresses several recommendations from the final report issued by the Commission. The bill lays the groundwork for crit-ical examination of what is working and what is not working in the Federal Government. Policy decisions should be based on facts. Those folks of my generation will remember Sergeant Joe Friday in ‘‘Dragnet:’’ ‘‘Just the facts, ma’am.’’ That is what we are trying to get ahold of here. According to the Commission on Evi-dence-Based Policymaking, too little evidence is produced in the Federal Government to meet this need. The Commission also found cumbersome and idiosyncratic data access proce-dures create confusion, impose unnec-essary costs, and are a barrier to evi-dence building. Additionally, according to the Gov-ernment Accountability Office, agen-cies’ continued lack of evaluations may be the greatest barrier to their in-forming managers and policymakers and constitutes a lost opportunity to improve the efficiency and effective-ness of limited government resources. These barriers are standing between the taxpayers and the effective govern-ment that they had paid for and that they deserve. H.R. 4174 removes some of the bar-riers the Commission identified and en-courages agencies to expand the use of evidence in decisionmaking. First, each agency will need to des-ignate a chief evaluation officer and submit annual evidence-building plans to Congress and the Office of Manage-ment and Budget. This bill also estab-lishes an advisory committee to re-view, analyze, and make recommenda-tions on how to expand access to and use of data for evidence building. It also includes the OPEN Govern-ment Data Act that Representative K
ILMER and I introduced. The OPEN Government Data Act addresses the Commission’s recommendation to ex-pand access to information about data. The OPEN Government Data Act re-quires Federal agencies to develop a comprehensive inventory of Federal data and increases access to specific data assets that are appropriate for public release. This isn’t personally identifiable, confidential, private, or classified information. It also establishes an open-by-default standard for Federal data, meaning data will be available under an open format and open license, and it will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.053 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9290 November 15, 2017 
in a machine-readable format. We are going to crowdsource some of this evi-dence building. We are going to let the private sector or nonprofits or whom-ever access this data, find ways to use it, build data, and, again, get more bang for the taxpayer’s dollar. The bill further improves data man-agement and collection by codifying the position of chief data officer and clarifying the CDO roles and respon-sibilities. Finally, H.R. 4174 establishes a proc-ess by which statistical agencies can access data, ensure effective and con-sistent privacy protections, and de-velop methods to reduce the sensitivity of data. This will expand opportunities for use of the data by the evidence- building community. The Foundations for Evidence-Based Policymaking Act of 2017 was reported favorably out of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. I come back to the bottom line on this: Americans expect policymakers to make decisions based on facts. And decisions based on facts are better de-cisions that will save taxpayer money and be good for America. H.R. 4174 will help make these expectations a reality. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. K
ILMER ). Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Imagine you are a coder and you have a great idea for an app that pre-dicts the weather or identifies traffic flows or helps people navigate the so-cial service system. You know how to code the app, but you can’t afford to set up your own system to collect the data—the weather data or the traffic data or what have you. Now, imagine you build the app and you can pull data that the government is already collecting so you can build the app and use the data. It turns out that you have got something that is ei-ther good at predicting the weather or helping commuters or helping folks navigate the social services system or whatever and it grows into a business. You can actually employ people. You can put people to work. A project that may have started as a hobby could be-come your life’s work. The Foundations for Evidence-Based Policymaking Act, and specifically title II of this bill called the OPEN Government Data Act, will actually help make stories like that become a common thing. This bill gives entre-preneurs and innovators huge amounts of publicly funded data so that they can innovate and come up with applica-tions that we haven’t even thought of yet. It also means that government agen-cies can share data more easily and ul-timately provide services more effec-tively. Most importantly, it allows citizens to participate in their govern-ment by making government more transparent and accountable. Mr. Speaker, data is the spark that drives innovative ideas, and I drafted the OPEN Government Data Act with Representatives FARENTHOLD and Sen-ators S
CHATZ and S ASSE to support new startups by providing innovators with the legal elbow room to use public in-formation and public data and to cre-ate jobs. It reduces the burden to entry by lowering the cost to access and for-mat data. It will open new business op-portunities. Making more government data public will pump up the data analytics boom currently driving new innovation, and I expect that access to this data will lead to things that we haven’t even thought up yet. I am proud to work with Speaker R
YAN, Chairman G OWDY , and Senator M
URRAY to incorporate that bill into this broader legislation. It will help us measure how government programs are actually working or not. Establishing a data inventory will help government officials understand what data they have so that they can use it, and they don’t duplicate work that is already getting done. Making the government’s data searchable and accessible will help pub-lic servants make better decisions, and it will help the public and the press hold government more accountable. Let me give you an example. Mr. Speaker, I represent more military vet-erans than just about any Member of this body. Like many of us, I was horri-fied to learn several years ago that the Department of Veterans Affairs was struggling to provide the services and treatments that were earned by mili-tary veterans. Now imagine if the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee or the Government Accountability Office or even the VA had access to some of the data around wait times earlier. The pain caused to veterans and their fami-lies could have been avoided. Imagine if the leaders of the Vet-erans Administration knew that news-papers were going to have access to that data, whether it be the Kitsap Sun in my district or The New York Times or whoever. Imagine that they were looking at that data, too. It is time for government to move into the 21st century and start using the data it is collecting to improve the services it is providing. Let me just speak briefly about what this bill does. This gets a little wonky, but I actually think it is pretty impor-tant. This legislation sets up a way for everyone to use the government’s data. We spent a long time working to make sure that the terms used in the bill didn’t trap government policy in this year or this decade. We hope that this legislation will act as a building block for future technologies and applica-tions of Federal data. We included some important pieces to ensure that data is not only avail-able, but that it is easily used. Data has to be machine-readable. Many of us, I think, have gone on the internet and gotten a data set in PDF form that you can’t really do anything with. It is so annoying. It is pretty obvious that in 2017 you should be able to use your computer to find what you are looking for. Data has to be open format, and data should be malleable. Professionals in-side and outside of government should be able to use that data in various ways. Government data should be pro-vided under an open license. If the gov-ernment owns the data, that means the people paid for it, and they should be able to use it for free. Let me quickly talk about what this bill doesn’t do. The bill does not take away safe-guards that protect personal privacy, national security, and intellectual property. The legislation would not af-fect existing contracts, so the govern-ment is not going to go to a contractor and say: Oh, by the way, your data is now free and available to the public. Importantly, the bill does not alter the government’s need to pay for pri-vate data rights in the future when it identifies private data that it may want to access and have ownership of. This bill only applies to data that is owned and controlled by the Federal Government. It does not provide an ad-vantage to one sector or technology over another. Mr. Speaker, let me just say in clos-ing, for the past 2 years, several of us have worked on this issue and with ex-perts throughout the private and pub-lic sector to get this bill past the finish line. I am proud to stand here today in support of a bipartisan bill that can move our economy forward, that can improve efficiency in our government, and can help citizens get more involved in our democratic republic. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues’ support of this bill. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ), who is on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4174, the Foun-dations for Evidence-Based Policy-making Act of 2017. I am pleased to see the bill’s sponsors and the Speaker move forward with the reforms proposed by the Commission on Evidence-Based Policymaking. H.R. 4174 aims to create and use tech-nology to assess and solve problems; in other words, to make sure tools exist to gauge whether programs work to best serve the American people. It is about utilizing the data we already have to find out what works, what doesn’t work, and what could work for some changes. The bill requires agencies to develop evidence-building plans, key outcomes and return investment for the money the taxpayers pay, and creates the po-sition of a chief evaluation officer. Imagine that, we have to actually cre-ate a position to evaluate because we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.056 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9291 November 15, 2017 
aren’t doing it effectively now. It es-tablishes an advisory committee to study the Commission’s recommenda-tion that Congress create a National Secure Data Service. It includes the OPEN Government Data Act, which en-sures that government aggregate data is available to consumers in a usable format. As my colleague said on the other side of the aisle, to make the data mal-leable, to make the data open format so that, in fact, people can assess not just in government agencies, but out in the public what the data is saying about the programs that they pay for that we fund. Finally, the bill also creates proce-dures to share that data across Federal agencies and to require protection of individual data that makes up all that aggregate data. All of these provisions are critical to setting our government on a path to-ward better serving the people in this country. Washington can no longer as-sess quality based on how much money we dump into programs, how many people we enroll—outcomes that don’t tell us whether or not they are suc-ceeding. This can only be done with quality, accessible data. By allowing key data to be connected and reported, we can build evidence to determine what does and doesn’t work. More importantly, the American peo-ple can see the evidence of what does and doesn’t work rather than just bu-reaucrats in Washington. I would also like to point out how the reforms are working here to lay the foundation for government and Con-gress to create new policies that apply this information in novel ways. This act, in its call for transparent, efficient, and well-designed data sys-tems, dovetails with other efforts in Congress for transparency and sharing data. A bill I am working on, the College Transparency Act, would do just that for student data and outcomes data from colleges and universities to better enable students and families to make more informed decisions on one of the most important part of their lives: what postsecondary education they pursue and what the outcome will be. b1500 This bill, and my bill, streamlines and updates higher education informa-tion. It is time to utilize and make meaning out of all the data we cur-rently have and provide that to the taxpayers. The Foundations for Evidence-Based Policymaking Act and the College Transparency Act both share a few critical goals of the Commission on Evidence-Based Policymaking: First is the protection of the privacy of individuals that may be reflected in the data. That is the first priority. Second is the recommendation that information be more readily shared across agencies. Agencies actually will share what they already know about programs. Third is that agencies develop a strategy to share this data with the public who pays for those programs. These provisions are fundamental to responsibly and effectively utilizing the data that the taxpayers pay for. The Foundations for Evidence-Based Policymaking Act sets in motion these commonsense policies that will in-crease the return on investment for the taxpayers and the outcomes of our pro-grams. The compartmentalization of data the government already collects and barriers that prevent the reasonable sharing of it represent a significant missed opportunity for the government to provide value to taxpayers. It amazes me that we had to create a commission to tell us to share this data. Taxpayers have already paid for it. Why aren’t we already using it? Long term, these plans are essential. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I will be brief. This is a good government bill with bipartisan, bicameral support that will give Americans access to the data that they have paid for, will give lawmakers access to the data they need to make decisions, and will give policymakers and leadership in the executive branch the data they need to make better deci-sions to save taxpayers money and to do a better job at the things that we are trying to do in government. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4174, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HOWARD B. PATE, JR. POST OFFICE Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3369) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3369 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. HOWARD B. PATE, JR. POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) and the gen-tlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
AT-
SONCOLEMAN ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3369, introduced by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UD-
SON). The bill names the United States Post Office at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, after Howard B. Pate, Jr., a World War II veteran and former postmaster of Spring Lake. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UDSON ) to discuss the bill. Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3369, a bill recognizing the life and legacy of Howard B. Pate, Jr., by nam-ing the Spring Lake, North Carolina, Post Office in his honor. Born in Bladen County, North Caro-lina, in 1925, Mr. Pate first moved to Spring Lake, a town in the Eighth Con-gressional District I am proud to rep-resent, where his father was stationed at Fort Bragg. Being from a military family, when the United States entered World War II, Mr. Pate answered the call to serve his country and continued his service as a member of the North Carolina Na-tional Guard until 1952. After finishing his military service, Mr. Pate assumed the position of Spring Lake’s postmaster. He served in this position for 30 years, until his re-tirement in 1982. After retiring, Mr. Pate remained ac-tive in the community as a member of many civic organizations, including being named town historian in 1994, a post he held for more than two decades. For all his efforts, the local Chamber of Commerce named their Volunteer of the Year award after Mr. Pate. The town of Spring Lake unani-mously adopted a resolution to dedi-cate their post office in honor of Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.058 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9292 November 15, 2017 
Howard Pate, Jr., because there was never a person who embodied the spirit of the community more than he. Sadly, Mr. Pate passed away 1 year ago yesterday, on November 14, 2016. On the first anniversary of his passing, I can think of no better way to honor his respected life than to name the post office after him in a town he loved and where he lived and served most of his life. As any Spring Lake resident will tell you, Mr. Pate was not only a pillar of our community, but also a cherished friend. He worked tirelessly to ensure we kept a strong grip on our past while making Spring Lake a better place for future generations. It is my honor to make sure he will always be a part of our legacy in the future by naming the Spring Lake Post Office in his honor. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 3369, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Post Office located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office. Born in 1925, Howard Pate joined the Army in 1944, 2 years after his high school graduation. In early 1945, How-ard deployed to Europe as part of the famed 101st Airborne Division. Later serving in the 82nd Airborne Division, Howard was discharged from Active Duty in 1946, but he continued his service as a member of the North Carolina Guard and the U.S. Army Re-serve. He retired in 1965, as a sergeant major in the 13th Special Forces Group. Following his military service, How-ard was appointed postmaster of Spring Lake, North Carolina, and served as both a State vice president and presi-dent of the National Association of Postmasters. He was also an active member of his community, serving as a deacon at the First Presbyterian Church of Spring Lake, charter president of the Spring Lake Jaycees, and a member of the Greater Spring Lake Chamber of Com-merce for over 50 years, where the Vol-unteer of the Year award is named in his honor. Howard Pate passed away a year ago this week, as we heard, on November 14, 2016. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor Howard Pate’s life of service to his community and to his country. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 3369, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I join Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN and Mr. H
UDSON in urging passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3369. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
TILDEN VETERANS POST OFFICE Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1207) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1207 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SPECIALIST TILDEN VETERANS POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Tilden Vet-erans Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) and the gen-tlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
AT-
SONCOLEMAN ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to sup-port H.R. 1207, introduced by the gen-tleman from south Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ). H.R. 1207 honors the veterans of Tilden, Texas, for their service to this great Nation by naming the United States Post Office at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the Tilden Vet-erans Post Office. This bill is particularly timely, as we just celebrated Veterans Day this past Saturday. I look forward to hearing more about this bill from my friend and colleague from Laredo, Mr. C
UELLAR . Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 1207, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Post Office located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the Tilden Veterans Post Office. Military men and women sacrifice their time, energy, and lives for our country every day. Whether serving in the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, or Coast Guard, these brave in-dividuals risk their lives to protect others and demonstrate an unmatched level of selflessness, courage, and dedi-cation. While this bill will name the post of-fice in Tilden, Texas, in honor of all veterans who have served, I would like to specifically recognize the service of Mr. Anselmo Villarreal. Drafted into the Army in March of 1968, he served in Vietnam until 1970, and he continues to serve his fellow veterans through volunteer work at his local veterans service organization. His story is not unlike other service-members who give their time at home and abroad to protect and improve their communities in so many ways. In recognizing his contributions, we rec-ognize the contributions of veterans throughout Texas and the United States, and we thank them for their work. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to celebrate the lives of American vet-erans and commemorate the sacrifices that each have made for the good of our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 1207, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for yielding and for her kind words about the Tilden Veterans Post Office. I also want to thank my friend from Corpus Christi, Texas, for his kind words on the naming of this post office. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to support and present H.R. 1207, which will name the post office facility in my district as the Tilden Veterans Post Office. Across my district, there are many examples of fine men and women who have honorably served our country. It is imperative that we honor their serv-ice and dedication to our Nation. Dedicating this post office to our vet-erans will serve as a constant reminder of the sacrifices that our friends, neighbors, and families made while serving their country. These are indi-viduals who put country ahead of self and for whom I am proud to recognize with the dedicating of the post office facility. For example, as the gentlewoman from New Jersey said, Anselmo Villarreal of Tilden, Texas, was drafted in the Army in 1968. He served in Viet-nam. After his service, Mr. Villarreal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.061 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9293 November 15, 2017 
returned to Tilden and worked in a local plant for 28 years before retiring. This veteran also continues to serve his community by volunteering for local veterans service organizations. We owe our freedom to veterans like Mr. Villarreal and others, which is why I am recognizing him and the other veterans with the dedication of this post office. He is one example of many veterans who have made countless sac-rifices for our country in the face of danger. The courage and dedication of our veterans toward our Nation dem-onstrates what it really means to be an American—the essence of being an American. I also thank the veterans from Tilden and McMullen County for their service and sacrifice for our country. I also thank the veterans organizations throughout my district for their tire-less work in providing the care our vet-erans need. There are many local orga-nizations like the veterans service of-fices in McMullen County that provide essential care to those who have re-turned home from service. Let us remember and express grati-tude to these brave people: the vet-erans, their families, as well as the care providers. In the words of President John F. Kennedy: ‘‘As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.’’ b1515 Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. C
UELLAR  for introducing this bill. For those of you not from Texas who don’t know where Tilden, Texas, is, if you know about where San Antonio is, you go down south about a quarter of the way to the Rio Grande Valley and you are going to pass through Tilden. It is kind of northwest of my home-town of Corpus Christi. I can tell you, having represented a lot of the area in south Texas, as does Mr. C
UELLAR , that this region is a re-gion of the State that really does thank and appreciate the veterans who have sacrificed so much to serve for this country and for their families. I think it is entirely proper and abso-lutely a great idea to be naming this post office after our veterans, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1207. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
STAFF SERGEANT PETER TAUB POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2873) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Build-ing’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2873 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. STAFF SERGEANT PETER TAUB POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2873, introduced by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ). The bill names the United States Post Office at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, after U.S. Air Force Staff Sergeant Peter Taub. During his service, Staff Sergeant Taub participated in more than 12 com-bat missions in hostile areas. Staff Sergeant Taub was killed in ac-tion on December 21, 2015, in an am-bush suicide attack in Afghanistan. He gave his life in service to this Nation. I thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ) for in-troducing this bill to honor the bravery and sacrifice of Staff Sergeant Taub. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 2873, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Post Office located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, as the Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building. A native of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-vania, Mr. Taub was inspired by his grandfather’s World War II military service to join the Air Force in 2007. He loaded missiles for F–15 fighter jets in Japan before transferring to Ellsworth Air Force Base in South Dakota, where he specialized in arming B–1 bombers. In 2013, after earning his bachelor’s degree in cybersecurity, Peter became a special agent in the Air Force Office of Special Investigations and partici-pated in over a dozen combat missions through hostile areas. On December 21, 2015, while in Af-ghanistan, Staff Sergeant Taub gave his life, along with four of his fellow airmen, when his unit was ambushed in a suicide attack. He was posthumously awarded the Bronze Star, Purple Heart, Air Force Commendation Medal, and Air Force Combat Action Medal, and he leaves behind a beloved wife and two children. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor Staff Sergeant Peter Taub’s bravery and remember the ultimate sacrifice he made to protect our Na-tion. I urge the passage of H.R. 2873. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ). Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I thank my col-league from not too far away in Tren-ton, New Jersey, as well as my col-league from the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Today, I rise in support of H.R. 2873, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Penn-sylvania, as the Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building. Staff Sergeant Taub, a constituent of my 13th Congressional District of Pennsylvania, was a shining example of the best our country has to offer. He exemplified unwavering patriotism and heroic bravery. Peter made the ultimate sacrifice for his country when a suicide bomber took his life in Afghanistan in Decem-ber 2015. Renaming the Wyncote Post Office in his hometown is really the least we can do to honor him. It is a small but important symbol of our eternal thanks. I am here today urging the House to pass my legislation to do just that. Peter was born on November 2, 1985, in my hometown of Philadelphia, to his parents, Joel Taub and Arlene Wagner. Peter was then raised in Wyncote, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.063 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9294 November 15, 2017 
Pennsylvania, and graduated from Cheltenham High School in 2004. His mother, Arlene, and brother, Jon-athan, run the very popular Wash-ington, D.C., sandwich shop called Bub and Pop’s. Peter was inspired by his grand-father’s service in World War II, so he enlisted in the Air Force in December of 2007 after attending community col-lege for some time. During his career in the military, Peter was assigned to a base in Japan, where he loaded missiles onto F–15 fighter jets. Three years later, he was transferred to Ellsworth Air Force Base in South Dakota, where he spe-cialized in arming B–1 bombers. Peter went on to obtain a bachelor’s degree in cybersecurity and was hired as a special agent in the Air Force Of-fice of Special Investigations in De-cember 2013. During his service, Peter participated in more than 12 combat missions in hostile areas. Peter was killed, along with four other airmen, in a suicide ambush at-tack in Afghanistan on December 21, 2015. Peter is survived by his wife, Chris-tina; their 3-year-old daughter, Penel-ope; and another daughter, Petra, who was born after Peter’s death in the summer of 2016. President Obama paid tribute to Peter, as well as the other troops who were killed in the attack, calling their service ‘‘outstanding’’ and ‘‘brave.’’ I second those descriptions. Posthumously, Peter was awarded the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, the Air Force Commendation Medal, and the Air Force Combat Action Medal. It is my hope that, with this legisla-tion, the 13th District of the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania will pay daily tribute to the memory of one of our he-roes, Staff Sergeant Peter Taub. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2873. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SR. CHIEF RYAN OWENS POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3109) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chil-licothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3109 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SR. CHIEF RYAN OWENS POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3109, introduced by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD). The bill names the United States Post Of-fice at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chil-licothe, Illinois, after U.S. Navy SEAL Senior Chief Ryan Owens, who was killed in action in Yemen earlier this year. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD) to further describe the bill and Senior Chief Owens’ service to his country. Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for yielding the time for this important legislation. On January 29, 2017, U.S. Navy Chief Special Warfare Operator William ‘‘Ryan’’ Owens was killed during a raid in Yemen. At the age of 36, he gave the ultimate sacrifice in order to protect our great Nation. Today, he is survived by his wife, Carryn, and their three young children. Ryan Owens grew up in Edelstein, Il-linois, in my congressional district, a town that is in a very rural area with barely one stop sign. Friends and fam-ily say that, even at a very early age, Ryan knew he wanted to serve his country as a Navy SEAL. After graduating from Illinois Valley Central High School in Chillicothe, Il-linois, in 1998, he took the first steps towards his goal by enlisting in the Navy. Ryan served his first tour of duty at the Office of Naval Intelligence in Suitland, Maryland, eventually com-pleting his SEAL training in California in 2002. Over the next 15 years, he com-pleted four tours as a U.S. Navy SEAL, working all over the globe to fight against terrorism and protect the in-terests of the United States. Ryan was 2 years into his fifth tour as a Navy SEAL when he was trag-ically killed during an intelligence- gathering operation against an al- Qaida cell in Yemen. Throughout his 15 years as a Navy SEAL, Ryan Owens gave much to our country, protecting our freedoms, and helping rid the world of evil. It is for these reasons that I introduced H.R. 3109, which will rename the post office in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building. My office and I worked closely with the U.S. Postal Service, the U.S. Navy Congressional Liaison’s Office, the Central Illinois Gold Star Families, and, most importantly, Ryan’s family. All of us were determined to make sure we got this right, choosing a location with strong ties to the community in which Ryan grew up. In the end, it was his wife, Carryn, who decided on Chil-licothe, the town where Ryan attended and graduated high school, as the best place for this building to be renamed in his honor. b1530 I was proud to introduce our bill with overwhelming bipartisan support here in the House with every member of the Illinois delegation signing on as a co-sponsor in support. It is my hope that the House acts to pass this bill today and that the Senate will quickly follow suit. While we can never repay Chief Owens or his family for the sacrifices he made, renaming the post office in his honor is a small way to thank him for his service and dedication to pro-tecting our great Nation and the values that we hold so dear. We continue, today, to pray for Carryn and his chil-dren. We are indebted to his service and his sacrifice to our great country. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 3109, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Post Office located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building. A native of Edelstein, Illinois, Ryan Owens graduated from Illinois Valley Central High School and joined the Navy in 1998. Ryan served at the Office of Naval In-telligence before completing SEAL training and was selected as a chief petty officer in 2009. While on his fifth tour of duty with the elite SEAL Team Six, Ryan sus-tained wounds in a firefight and suc-cumbed to his injuries on January 29, 2017. Ryan’s dedicated service has been recognized through a number of awards 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.066 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9295 November 15, 2017 
and medals, including the Navy and Marine Corps Medal, a Bronze Star and Bronze Stars with Combat V, a Joint Service Achievement Medal, and three Presidential Unit Citations. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor the heroism of Sr. Chief Ryan Owens and recognize the ultimate sac-rifice he made for our country. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 3109, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. T
AYLOR ). Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3109. Mr. Speaker, one of society’s greatest challenges is honoring and recording with immortal honor the names, the deeds, and the history of our heroes. But I believe it is an easy choice to honor Sr. Chief SEAL Ryan Owens, who was deployed to a country most Americans would struggle to find on a map. He spent countless times away from his family, protecting our Nation so that we didn’t have to. Most people will never understand the sacrifice required to keep evil out-side of our gates. Ryan did it for our country, for his family, and for the sol-dier on his left or his right. He traded comfort for hardship time and time again, and ultimately his life. This to preserve our right to think, our right to believe, and our right to become whatever we want in this life. His shining example and sacrifice will be a beacon for generations to come who will step up to fight, if need-ed, for a God-given inheritance of free-dom, no matter the cost. I urge my colleagues to support this United States Post Office designation to a great American man and warrior, Sr. Chief SEAL Ryan Owens. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3109. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
ROBERT H. JENKINS POST OFFICE Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3893) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins Post Office’’, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3893 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ROBERT H. JENKINS, JR. POST OF-FICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3893, introduced by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). The bill names the United States Post Office located at 100 Mathe Ave-nue in Interlachen, Florida, after U.S. Marine Private First Class Robert H. Jenkins, Jr., who was killed in action during the Vietnam war. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) to further describe the bill and Private First Class Jen-kins’ service to our country. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of my bill, H.R. 3893, which renames the post office in Interlachen, Florida, to honor a great American hero, Robert H. Jen-kins, Jr. Robert H. Jenkins, Jr., enlisted in the Marines in February of 1968. In July of that year, as a Private First Class, he was transferred to the Repub-lic of Vietnam. Serving as a machine gunner with Company C, south of the demilitarized zone, he was killed in action. On March 5, 1969, his reconnaissance team was assaulted by a North Viet-namese Army platoon. During the fire-fight, a hand grenade was thrown at him and a comrade. Realizing the con-sequences of his actions, Private First Class Jenkins, Jr., pushed his comrade to the ground and leapt on the hand grenade to shield him from the explo-sion. Absorbing the full impact of the blast, he was seriously injured and suc-cumbed to his wounds. John 15:13 states: Greater love has no one than this: to lay down one’s life for one’s friend. 
On April 20, 1970, the Medal of Honor was presented to his family at the White House by Vice President Agnew. Private First Class Jenkins, Jr., is buried at Sister Spring Baptist Ceme-tery in Interlachen, Florida. The sacrifice Private First Class Jen-kins, Jr., made cannot be understated. Naming his hometown post office after him is just one small way we as a na-tion can continue to honor this Amer-ican hero. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 3893, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Post Office located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the Robert H. Jenkins Post Office. Robert Jenkins joined the United States Marine Corps in Jacksonville, Florida, in February of 1968. After completing training at Camp Lejeune, Robert was assigned to the 3rd Marine Division in Vietnam. There he served as a scout, driver, machine gunner for Company C in an area south of the demilitarized zone. In the early morning of March 5, 1969, Private First Class Jenkins’ team was suddenly attacked by the North Viet-namese Army. While Private First Class Jenkins and a fellow marine re-turned machine gun fire, a hand gre-nade was thrown at their location. In an act of pure selflessness, Private First Class Jenkins threw himself on top of his fellow marine, shielding him from the explosion, while absorbing the full force himself. Tragically, Private First Class was gravely wounded and died soon after. Private First Class Jenkins was post-humously awarded the Medal of Honor for his valiant actions in April 1970. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor the valiant actions of Private First Class Jenkins and to remember his courage and selflessness devotion to his fellow marines. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 3893. I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of H.R. 3893, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3893, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.069 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9296 November 15, 2017 
The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SGT. DOUGLAS J. RINEY POST OFFICE Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2672) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2672 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SGT. DOUGLAS J. RINEY POST OF-FICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2672, introduced by the gentle-woman from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ). The bill names the United States Post Office located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, after U.S. Army Sergeant Douglas J. Riney. Sergeant Riney was deployed in sup-port of Operation Enduring Freedom from July 2014 to February 2015 and Op-eration Freedom’s Sentinel beginning June 2016. In October 2016, Sergeant Riney died of wounds received after encountering hostile enemy forces in Kabul. We honor his service to our Nation. I thank the gentlewoman from Illi-nois for introducing this bill to pay tribute to the life and sacrifice of Ser-geant Riney. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 2672, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Post Office located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illi-nois, as the Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office. Born in Georgia in 1990, Douglas Riney graduated from Spoon River Val-ley High School in Illinois, and married his wife, Kylie, in 2012. The two of them lived in Fairview with children Elea and James, where Douglas proud-ly volunteered as a firefighter, cheered for the Green Bay Packers, and loved spending time outdoors riding his mo-torcycle, hunting, and fishing. Douglas served on Active Duty in the U.S. Army, deploying in support of Op-eration Enduring Freedom from July 2014 to February 2015, and again as a part of Operation Freedom’s Sentinel beginning in June 2016. He was assigned to the 3rd Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division. Tragically, on October 19, 2016, Ser-geant Douglas Riney was killed in ac-tion at the hands of hostile enemy forces in Kabul, Afghanistan. Sergeant Douglas Riney was awarded the Purple Heart, Bronze Star, and Army Commendation Medal, among other honors, for his valiant service. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to remember the courage and the sac-rifice of Sergeant Douglas Riney and honor his memory for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 2672, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Mrs. BUSTOS ), my colleague. b1545 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, which would designate the post office in Fair-view, Illinois, as the Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office. Sergeant Riney, who died on October 19, 2016, of wounds received from hos-tile enemy forces in Kabul, Afghani-stan, lived a life dedicated to service. After he graduated from Spoon River Valley High School, Sergeant Riney be-came a volunteer firefighter with the Fairview Fire Protection District. He was known as a man who could always be counted on by his community, a man who felt a calling to public serv-ice. He joined the Army, entering Ac-tive Duty in July of 2012. Sergeant Riney was deployed as part of Operation Enduring Freedom from July 2014 to February 2015. In June of 2016, he was again deployed to Oper-ation Freedom’s Sentinel. As part of the Support Squadron, 3rd Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division from Fort Hood, Texas, Sergeant Riney excelled at his work. Throughout his time in the Army, Sergeant Riney was repeatedly recog-nized with commendations, including the Purple Heart, the Bronze Star, and the Army Commendation Medal. At home, Sergeant Riney lived with his wife, Kylie, and their two children, Elea and James. He is survived by his loving family: his father and his stepmother, Dave and Kristie Riney; his mother and step-father, Pam and Don Boland; his broth-er, Jeff Budd; his sister, Stacey Budd; two stepbrothers, Bryce and Kole Vaughn; and one stepsister, Ashlie Herrin. On the fateful day of October 19, 2016, our Nation lost one of its finest, and the community of Fairview lost one of its best. The naming of the Fairview Post Of-fice is just a small token of our appre-ciation for Sergeant Riney, who made the ultimate sacrifice for our Nation. While we can never fill the hole left in the family, the Fairview commu-nity, or the Nation, I hope this post of-fice will serve as a proud commemora-tion of a man who dedicated his life to serving others and as an inspiration for those who just hear his name. On behalf of the hardworking men and women of the Illinois 17th Congres-sional District, I will never forget the service of Sergeant Douglas Riney, and we will always honor his sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for the consideration of this bill. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2672. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
ZACHARY ADDINGTON POST OFFICE Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3821) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zachary Addington Post Office’’, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3821 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.072 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9297 November 15, 2017 
SECTION 1. ZACK T. ADDINGTON POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Zack T. Addington Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Zack T. Addington Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) and the gentle-woman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3821, introduced by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). The bill names the United States Post Office at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, after U.S. Marine Lance Corporal Zach T. Addington, who was killed in action in the Viet-nam war. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) to further de-scribe the bill and Lance Corporal Addington’s service to our country. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman from Ken-tucky and the gentlewoman from New Jersey for being a part of this today. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3821, legislation to name the Clermont Post Office after Lance Cor-poral Zach T. Addington. I introduced this legislation to honor Zach, a fellow northeast Georgian, for giving his life in service to our Nation during the Vietnam war. Zach Addington was born to Addison S. and Lillie Addington on November 1, 1948, in Gainesville, Georgia. He and his family lived in Clermont, Georgia, where he attended Clermont Elemen-tary School and my alma mater, which we share, North Hall High School. He graduated in 1967. Zach enlisted in the United States Marine Corps as a private, in July of 1967, and became a rifleman in the 3rd Marine Division of the Fleet Marine Force. He was promoted to private first class on December 1, 1967, and he was deployed to Vietnam on December 19 of the same year. On April 1, 1968, Zach was promoted to lance corporal. His company was participating in Operation Scotland II when they engaged hostile forces in the vicinity of Hill 689, four kilometers west-southwest of Khe Sanh Airfield. On May 16, 1968, Zach Addington was killed in action. His captain, William McArdle, stated that he was ‘‘one of the finest marines I have ever known. His exemplary con-duct, leadership, and singular deter-mination to do every job well were qualities that all of us respected.’’ On June 6, 1968, Mr. Addington was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart, the National Defense Service Medal, the Vietnam Service Medal, and the Republic of Vietnam Campaign Ribbon in recognition of his service in Vietnam. His family hopes to display these awards in the Clermont Post Office after the naming. He is survived by his brother, Addison S. Addington; and sisters, Bil-lie Quillin and Sandra Montgomery. The memory of Zach’s courage and his service lives on in our corner of Georgia, and the naming of the Clermont Post Office in his honor will be a reminder to all of us of his sac-rifice and the sacrifices of the armed services to us all. There is a time when we come to these post offices and we read accom-plishments, Mr. Speaker. We read ac-complishments of many folks, but each one has a story to tell. I think really, when you start to listen to the many whom we have talked about today, there is a certain theme of service that runs through each. There is a certain theme of something bigger than them-selves, and especially those who gave their life. Zach Addington was one who went willingly. He knew that he may not re-turn, in fact, even told people he may not, and he did not, but that service and that sacrifice gives us the ability to stand here today and to do what we do. By standing here today, I intend to honor him for the naming of this post office and would encourage my col-leagues to vote in favor. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 3821, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Post Office located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Geor-gia, as the Zachary Addington Post Of-fice. Born in Gainesville, Georgia, in 1948, Zachary Addington graduated from North Hall High School in 1967. He chose to enlist in the Marine Corps that year, becoming a private in the 3rd Marine Division of the Fleet Ma-rine Force. He deployed to Vietnam that December as a private first class. On May 16, 1968, then-Lance Corporal Addington was participating in Oper-ation Scotland II with his company when he was tragically killed in action. He was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart, National Defense Service Medal, and Vietnam Service Medal for his honorable service. His captain deemed Lance Corporal Addington one of the finest marines he had ever known. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate the ultimate sacrifice Lance Corporal Zachary Addington made for our Nation, and I urge the passage of H.R. 3821. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3821, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
AUTHORIZING ADDITIONAL EMER-GENCY USES FOR MEDICAL PRODUCTS TO REDUCE DEATHS AND SEVERITY OF INJURIES CAUSED BY AGENTS OF WAR Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4374) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize additional emergency uses for medical products to reduce deaths and severity of injuries caused by agents of war, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4374 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ADDITIONAL EMERGENCY USES FOR MEDICAL PRODUCTS TO REDUCE DEATHS AND SEVERITY OF INJURIES CAUSED BY AGENTS OF WAR. 
(a) FDA A UTHORIZATION FOR MEDICAL  P
RODUCTS FOR USE IN EMERGENCIES .—Section 564 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–3) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by amending subpara-graph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) a determination by the Secretary of Defense that there is a military emergency, or a significant potential for a military emergency, involving a heightened risk to United States military forces, including per-sonnel operating under the authority of title 10 or title 50, United States Code, of attack with— ‘‘(i) a biological, chemical, radiological, or nuclear agent or agents; or ‘‘(ii) an agent or agents that may cause, or are otherwise associated with, an immi-nently life-threatening and specific risk to United States military forces;’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) M
ILITARY EMERGENCIES .—In the case of a determination described in paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall determine, within 45 calendar days of such determination, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.020 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9298 November 15, 2017 
whether to make a declaration under para-graph (1), and, if appropriate, shall promptly make such a declaration.’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘;’’; (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) in the case of a determination de-scribed in subsection (b)(1)(B)(ii), that the request for emergency use is made by the Secretary of Defense; and’’. (b) E
MERGENCY USES FOR MEDICAL PROD-
UCTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may request that the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, take ac-tions to expedite the development of a med-ical product, review of investigational new drug applications under section 505(i) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(i)), review of investigational de-vice exemptions under section 520(g) of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360j(g)), and review of applica-tions for approval and clearance of medical products under sections 505, 510(k), and 515 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 355, 360(k), 360(e)) and sec-tion 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262), including applications for licens-ing of vaccines or blood as biological prod-ucts under such section 351, or applications for review of regenerative medicine advanced therapy products under section 506(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 356(g)), if there is a military emer-gency, or significant potential for a military emergency, involving a specific and immi-nently life-threatening risk to United States military forces of attack with an agent or agents, and the medical product that is the subject of such application, submission, or notification would be reasonably likely to diagnose, prevent, treat, or mitigate such life-threatening risk. (2) A
CTIONS .—Upon a request by the Sec-retary of Defense under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, shall take action to expedite the development and review of an applicable ap-plication or notification with respect to a medical product described in paragraph (1), which may include, as appropriate— (A) holding meetings with the sponsor and the review team throughout the development of the medical product; (B) providing timely advice to, and inter-active communication with, the sponsor re-garding the development of the medical product to ensure that the development pro-gram to gather the nonclinical and clinical data necessary for approval or clearance is as efficient as practicable; (C) involving senior managers and experi-enced review staff, as appropriate, in a col-laborative, cross-disciplinary review; (D) assigning a cross-disciplinary project lead for the review team to facilitate an effi-cient review of the development program and to serve as a scientific liaison between the review team and the sponsor; (E) taking steps to ensure that the design of the clinical trials is as efficient as prac-ticable, when scientifically appropriate, such as by minimizing the number of patients ex-posed to a potentially less efficacious treat-ment; (F) applying any applicable Food and Drug Administration program intended to expe-dite the development and review of a medical product; and (G) in appropriate circumstances, permit-ting expanded access to the medical product during the investigational phase, in accord-ance with applicable requirements of the Food and Drug Administration. (3) ENHANCED COLLABORATION AND COMMU -
NICATION .—In order to facilitate enhanced collaboration and communication with re-spect to the most current priorities of the Department of Defense— (A) the Food and Drug Administration shall meet with the Department of Defense and any other appropriate development part-ners, such as the Biomedical Advanced Re-search and Development Authority, on a semi-annual basis for the purposes of con-ducting a full review of the relevant products in the Department of Defense portfolio; and (B) the Director of the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research shall meet quar-terly with the Department of Defense to dis-cuss the development status of regenerative medicine advanced therapy, blood, and vac-cine medical products and projects that are the highest priorities to the Department of Defense (which may include freeze dried plasma products and platelet alternatives), unless the Secretary of Defense determines that any such meetings are not necessary. (4) M
EDICAL PRODUCT .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘medical product’’ means a drug (as defined in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321)), a device (as defined in such section 201), or a biological product (as defined in section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262)). (c) R
EPEAL .—Effective as of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, subsection (d) of section 1107a of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 716 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, is re-pealed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous material in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter to the Senate Committee on Armed Services from the FDA Commis-sioner, Dr. Scott Gottlieb. 
U.S. F OOD& DRUGADMINISTRATION , Silver Spring, MD, November 14, 2017. Senator J
OHNMCCAIN, Chairman, Senate Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. Senator J
ACKREED, Ranking Member, Senate Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAIN AND RANKING  M
EMBER REED: Thank you for your commit-ment to our Nation’s service members and for your leadership in enhancing the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) medical countermeasure authorities and collabora-tions with the Department of Defense (DoD). FDA shares your goal of protecting our Na-tion’s military service men and women by advancing safe and effective medical prod-ucts, strengthening our partnerships with the DoD on behalf of our Nation’s warfighters, and ensuring that this critical work is prioritized by the Agency. Our Nation’s troops face unique risks on the battlefield, and my colleagues and I at the Agency are committed to implementing a lasting framework that not only considers these unique risks, but prioritizes the warfighters’ needs by expediting the develop-ment and review of medical countermeasures needed in the face of emerging threats. The bipartisan bill that will be considered along-side the National Defense Authorization Act of 2018 would codify these commitments to ensure that the warfighters’ needs for safe and effective medical countermeasures are met on a priority basis and in strong part-nerships with DoD. For instance, I believe this new authority and enhanced collaborations with DoD will help enable FDA to approve freeze dried plas-ma as soon as 2018, addressing a key medical priority. Further, it will put in place a per-manent process for strong engagement be-tween FDA and DoD on any future medical products DoD determines are necessary to address military emergencies. Additionally, under these provisions, FDA would be able to recognize military threats in advance and provide an emergency use authorization for a fuller range of medical products that could help save lives on the battlefield. Thank you again for your dedication to our Nation’s service members and for work-ing with FDA on this meaningful framework to better serve and protect our warfighters. Please be assured that I am personally com-mitted to this effort. I will make it one of my highest priorities as Commissioner to rapidly implement the framework that is called for under this legislation and work with my colleagues at FDA and DoD to cre-ate an enduring pathway for the efficient de-velopment and prioritization of products in-tended to help save the lives of military per-sonnel on the battlefield. Please do not hesi-tate to reach out to me as we implement these new authorities. Sincerely, SCOTT GOTTLIEB , M.D., Commissioner of Food and Drugs. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, our men and women in uniform have put their lives on the line for this country, and they deserve to have the earliest pos-sible access to medical products that could save their lives on the battle-field. H.R. 4374 will establish important new authorities for the Food and Drug Administration, the FDA, and the De-partment of Defense, DOD, to ensure that our warfighters have the benefits of new treatments and new devices. Mr. Speaker, currently the FDA has the authority to authorize the emer-gency use of an unapproved medical product for a specific set of military emergencies. They have that author-ity. This emergency use authority re-quires two things, though. First, the Secretary of Defense must make a de-termination that there is a risk of at-tack on military forces with a chem-ical, biological, radiological, or nuclear agent. Next, the Secretary of Health and Human Services must make a dec-laration that there is, in fact, an emer-gency or threat justifying the emer-gency use authorization of a product. To ensure there are no unnecessary delays in this process, this legislation, H.R. 4374, establishes a deadline for the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices. Once the Secretary of Defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.021 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9299 November 15, 2017 
makes a declaration of an imminent risk of attack, the Secretary of Health and Human Services has 45 days—that is the maximum—to make a declara-tion that such a risk exists. Limiting the threat under which an emergency use can be authorized to chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear agents, frankly, has been too narrow to incorporate all the serious threats of harm to our troops. To address this problem, H.R. 4374 es-tablishes a new category under which the emergency use authorization proc-ess can be triggered. H.R. 4374 expands this authority to include situations where the Secretary of Defense makes a determination that there is risk of attack with any agent that may cause an imminently life-threatening and specific risk to the United States mili-tary forces. In addition to creating new pathways for emergency access to unapproved medical devices, H.R. 4374 also creates a new breakthrough designation to ex-pedite actual FDA approval of medical products for military emergencies. Currently, the breakthrough path-way exists only for products intended to treat serious, life-threatening condi-tions where the Secretary determines such a product may demonstrate sig-nificant improvement over existing therapies. b1600 Mr. Speaker, this expedited approval is based on the successful break-through designation created by Con-gress back in 2012. This has worked. It has accelerated oncology drug reviews by more than 2 years. Now, in short, H.R. 4374 addresses the critical issue of military access to the newest available products by expanding the circumstances under which emer-gency use authorizations can be issued and by establishing an expedited path-way to full approval of products that the Secretary of Defense requests. Mr. Speaker, policies in this bill are bipartisan. They were developed with the input from the administration as well as the authorizing committees in the House and the Senate. Addition-ally, CBO has indicated that H.R. 4374 will have no impact on direct spending or revenue. So, Mr. Speaker, this is not only a good bill, it is an important bill for our men and women in uniform, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4374. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we are consid-ering legislation that would authorize additional emergency uses for medical products in response to the needs of the Department of Defense in the instance of a military emergency. Like all of my colleagues, I want to ensure that our military personnel who put their life in harm’s way for our freedom have access to the medical products that they need, and I have supported and will continue to support policies that further the goal of pro-tecting our troops from life-threat-ening risks. However, these policies also have to be balanced to ensure that, in our ef-fort to protect troops from harm, we are not inadvertently exposing them to additional risk from unproven prod-ucts. That is why I was disappointed to learn that the National Defense Au-thorization Act conference report in-cluded a policy supported by the Sen-ate that would have given the Sec-retary of Defense authority to author-ize emergency access to unapproved medical products, an authority that solely rests within the Food and Drug Administration today. This provision was not the subject of hearing and debate, did not receive the congressional oversight it should have, and I believe decisions of such con-sequence should go through regular order, providing Members and stake-holders with the opportunity to learn fully of the risks and benefits associ-ated with transferring regulatory over-sight of medical products to an agency that is not equipped with the expertise and medical product knowledge of the FDA. While I am not pleased with the proc-ess and how it has unfolded, I do sup-port H.R. 4374 because I believe it will maintain emergency use authority with the agency that has the resources and scientific expertise needed to make decisions about access to unproven medical products. It is solely the FDA that has been charged with weighing the risks and benefits of medical prod-ucts and making determinations as to their safety and effectiveness, and this legislation maintains the FDA’s impor-tant role in that process. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4374 not only ad-dresses the Department of Defense’s concerns about access to medical prod-ucts in instances of military emer-gencies, but it also goes further by pro-viding them with additional support, in this instance, to expedite the develop-ment and review of medical products that are of priority to the Department. It also commits FDA to regularly meeting with the Department of De-fense to discuss their priorities and product pipelines. So I just want to thank FDA Com-missioner Gottlieb, Chairman W
ALDEN , Senate Health Committee Chairman A
LEXANDER , and Ranking Member M
URRAY for working to find a com-promise that will maintain proper reg-ulatory oversight over emergency uses of unproved medical products, while also ensuring that our Nation’s mili-tary has access to the products that they need in a military emergency sit-uation. I do urge my colleagues to vote in support of this legislation, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the comments of the gentleman from New Jersey as we work on this to-gether. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ), chairman of our Subcommittee on Environment and a veteran himself. (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, it is great to be on the floor today. It was an awesome opportunity to be a conferee on the National Defense Au-thorization bill. As a veteran, 5 years active Army Infantry, 23 in the Re-serves, I don’t get a chance to do that very often because I am on the best committee in Congress, which is En-ergy and Commerce. But to be able to be in that process, I am very appre-ciative to you and to the other con-ferees. It was then that you learn what you learn, and the military had a problem. They had a long-delayed issue on freeze-dried plasma that is inexcusable, and they took action in the legislative language to rectify that delay, and we would, too. But the legislative process worked. I also want to commend my col-leagues on the minority side and Rank-ing Member PALLONE because what we want for our men and women in uni-form, we want them to get an expe-dited pathway to lifesaving devices and drugs. But we also want to make sure that those things are safe, and the pre-mier institution for safety and efficacy is the Food and Drug Administration. Now, we have a new administration that probably wouldn’t have had an 8- year delay on freeze-dried plasma, and we have a new administrator of the FDA who has committed to reform these processes. But good intentions are not all that we need. We need legislative language. We need to enshrine these changes in the law, and this is a good example, when I used to teach government his-tory in high school, of how government works: House bill, Senate bill, go to conference. Even after a conference, it wasn’t just right, so the legislative leaders went to work to fix this. The changes have been identified by both the ranking member and the chairman, but the bottom line is the FDA needs to have the opportunity to look and expedite the drug. And we ac-tually give them a shot clock for those people in harm’s way, to make sure that drugs and devices are available to our warfighters, that it is safe and se-cure and delivered in a timely manner. This is the least we can do for our men and women in uniform. I thank my colleagues on both sides, and I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY . Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I don’t have any other speakers at this time, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ), who I believe is also a West Point graduate. We appre-ciate his counsel, and I concur. I appreciate working with the House Armed Services Committee and its very able chairman, my friend, M
AC T
HORNBERRY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.079 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9300 November 15, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE), the chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, a doctor himself and a vet-eran. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4374 be-cause our Nation’s servicemembers de-serve the best and safest medical treat-ments available, especially when they are in harm’s way. This bill fixes a provision in the FY 2018 NDAA which passed the House overwhelmingly just yesterday, which would have allowed the Secretary of Defense to approve the emergency use of medications that have not yet re-ceived FDA approval. Under today’s legislation, we ensure the FDA will review any emergency DOD request for the use of unapproved medical products on an expedited basis while maintaining the FDA’s critical role of evaluating the safety and effec-tiveness of treatments. This new au-thorization will include situations when the Secretary of Defense deter-mines the risk of attack with an agent that may cause an imminently life- threatening and specific risk to the United States’ military forces. As a physician and a veteran myself and the chairman of the House Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee, I have worked tirelessly to ensure our Na-tion’s servicemembers have access to the best, safest, and most effective medical treatments available while they are in service and after. While we all want these break-through treatments made available to our Nation’s men and women in service as quickly as possible, we need to make sure that they are safe and effective be-fore subjecting members of our Armed Forces to unproven treatments in the interest of expedience. I have personally spoken to the FDA Commissioner, Dr. Scott Gottlieb on this issue, and he assures me that the FDA will work in a collaborative way with DOD to ensure the processes work more effectively for our troops. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ), a great public servant who has served our Nation, I think, in two different uniforms and is a terrific member of the Armed Serv-ices Committee. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4374, having served in the first Gulf war when mili-tary analysts were saying or predicting that there could be 30,000 coalition cas-ualties in a ground war with Iraq. We knew that Saddam Hussein had both chemical and biological stock-piles, and, at that time, there was an experimental drug given for the pretreatment to increase the survival after the exposure to nerve gas. It was untested in terms of the FDA, did not go through their lengthy bureaucratic process, but it was, I think, correctly assumed by military leaders that the risk of giving this drug that didn’t go through all the bureaucratic processes that I think are important, that the risk of nerve gas exposure outweighed those risks. So I just want to commend the En-ergy and Commerce Committee as well as the leadership of the Armed Services Committee, the leadership of both committees, for working together with the Department of Defense and the FDA to find that middle ground where the military can have access to drugs and medical devices expeditiously in order to meet the rapidly changing threats on the battlefield. I again thank Chairman THORNBERRY  for his unyielding support on this issue. I also thank Chairman W
ALDEN  for offering legislation that seeks to put this process on the right path. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ), a terrific member of our Conference and of the Armed Serv-ices Committee, again, a practitioner of medicine, a saver of wounded people, including our own whip of the House. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4374. This provision would amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize addi-tional emergency uses for medical products to reduce deaths and severity of injuries caused by agents of war. Having served as a combat surgeon in Iraq, I understand the importance of being able to administer lifesaving treatments at a moment’s notice. Our servicemembers going into harm’s way must be confident that their corpsmen, medics, docs, and health professionals are equipped with the latest tech-nology to save lives every time. Freeze-dried plasma is used during the initial resuscitation of combat cas-ualties. Since 2011, 24 severely injured U.S. troops have been treated with freeze-dried plasma provided by the French, who have used this success-fully since 1994. Of those patients, 17 lives were saved due to rapid treatment with freeze-dried plasma. H.R. 4374 is important because it puts a process in place to broaden the defi-nition of military emergencies and pro-vides the Department of Defense with access to expedited FDA processes for the investigational products like freeze-dried plasma. I support Chairman T
HORNBERRY ’s unwavering leadership on this issue. With rapidly developing medical tech-nology, the FDA must be part of the modernization and readiness of our Armed Forces. We are committed to ensuring that the FDA does the best it can for our deployed forces, and I hope that we can find a way to enable the FDA to consider approved research and clinical studies from our allies in an ef-fort to aid their approval process. The future will likely bring more medical devices and drugs that can save lives. Having a process to approve and implement emerging medical tech-nologies is a matter of life and death, especially for our brave troops. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. b1615 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, you have heard from my colleagues the impor-tance of this legislation. We found a good balance with our friends in the Armed Services Committee and in working with the FDA and with the leadership of the Pentagon to get this right. What matters most to Ameri-cans is that we take care of our war-riors on the field when they are in-jured, and when they are in harm’s way that we are doing the best possible thing we can for them. Mr. Speaker, I think this is impor-tant legislation. I encourage my col-leagues to vote for it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would urge my col-leagues to vote in support of this legis-lation. I do think it is a good com-promise dealing with these military emergencies, but at the same time making sure that the FDA, which has responsibility for approving medical products, still retains its authority. Mr. Speaker, I would urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DONOVAN ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) that the House sus-pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4374. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 3821, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 2672, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
ZACHARY ADDINGTON POST OFFICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3821) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zachary Addington Post Office’’, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.081 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9301 November 15, 2017 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 420, nays 0, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 635] YEAS—420 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—13 
Barton Bridenstine DeSantis Granger Johnson, Sam Jordan McGovern Pelosi Pocan Price (NC) Renacci Roskam Russell 
b1641 Mr. VELA changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘Zack T. Addington Post Office’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SGT. DOUGLAS J. RINEY POST OFFICE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
ONOVAN ). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2672) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Of-fice’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 423, nays 0, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 636] YEAS—423 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.084 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9302 November 15, 2017 
Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Barton Bridenstine Buchanan Granger Hudson Johnson, Sam McGovern Pocan Renacci Russell 
b1648 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent on Wednesday, November 15, 2017. On rollcall Vote No. 632, the Motion on Or-dering the Previous Question on the Rule pro-viding for consideration of H.R. 1, if I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall Vote No. 633, on passage of H. Res. 619, the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 1, if I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall Vote No. 634, on passage of H.R. 2331, the Connected Government Act, as amended, if I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On rollcall Vote No. 635, on passage of H.R. 3821, to designate the ‘‘Zachary Addington Post Office,’’ if I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On rollcall Vote No. 636, on passage of H.R. 2672, to designate the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office,’’ if I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to make votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 635 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 636. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DEEP AND ABIDING FRIENDSHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND ISRAEL Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 92) recognizing the deep and abiding friendship between the United States and Israel, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 92 Whereas the Jewish people have had a homeland in modern-day Israel for more than 3,000 years; Whereas, on November 2, 1917, United King-dom Foreign Secretary Lord Arthur Balfour wrote to Lord Walter Rothschild, to be de-clared to the Zionist Federation, a letter de-claring, on behalf of the Government of the United Kingdom, support for a home for the Jewish people in the former Ottoman district of Palestine; Whereas this letter, known as the Balfour Declaration, was ratified by the League of Nations on July 24, 1922; Whereas, on September 21, 1922, President Warren G. Harding signed House Joint Reso-lution 322, after unanimous support from the House of Representatives and the Senate, fa-voring the establishment, in the former Ottoman district of Palestine, of a national home for the Jewish people; Whereas the Balfour Declaration clearly recognized and sought to uphold the ‘‘civil and religious rights of the existing non-Jew-ish communities in Palestine,’’ as well as the ‘‘rights and political status enjoyed by Jews in any other country’’; Whereas the Balfour Declaration was a sig-nificant part of the chain of events that led to the establishment of the modern State of Israel on May 14, 1948; Whereas since Israel’s founding, it has been a strong and steadfast ally to the United States, and the relationship is built on a mu-tual commitment to shared values; Whereas Israel serves as a beacon for de-mocracy by holding free and transparent elections and promoting the free exchange of ideas; Whereas in April 1998, the United States designated Israel as a Major Non-NATO ally and in 2014 was elevated to the status of a Major Strategic Partner; and Whereas the 100th Anniversary of the Bal-four Declaration offers an opportunity for re-commitment to strengthening the relation-ship between the United States and Israel; Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That Congress— (1) affirms its commitment to maintaining the strongest of bilateral ties with the State of Israel; (2) recognizes the importance of the estab-lishment of the modern State of Israel as a secure and democratic homeland for the Jew-ish people, without prejudice to the rights of all people to live within or alongside Israel in peace; and (3) supports efforts to continue to increase economic, security and cultural ties between the United States and Israel. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ROYCE OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 3, line 3, strike ‘‘, without prejudice to the rights of all people to live within or alongside Israel in peace’’ and insert ‘‘that upholds full and equal rights for all of its citizens’’. 
The amendment was agreed to. The concurrent resolution, as amend-ed, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 619, I call up the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, and ask for its imme-diate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 619, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–39 is adopt-ed, and the bill, as amended, is consid-ered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 1 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; ETC. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’. (b) A
MENDMENT OF 1986 C ODE.—Except as oth-erwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be consid-ered to be made to a section or other provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; etc. TITLE I—TAX REFORM FOR INDIVIDUALS Subtitle A—Simplification and Reform of Rates, Standard Deduction, and Exemptions Sec. 1001. Reduction and simplification of indi-vidual income tax rates. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.027 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9303 November 15, 2017 
Sec. 1002. Enhancement of standard deduction. Sec. 1003. Repeal of deduction for personal ex-emptions. Sec. 1004. Maximum rate on business income of individuals. Sec. 1005. Conforming amendments related to simplification of individual in-come tax rates. Subtitle B—Simplification and Reform of Family and Individual Tax Credits Sec. 1101. Enhancement of child tax credit and new family tax credit. Sec. 1102. Repeal of nonrefundable credits. Sec. 1103. Refundable credit program integrity. Sec. 1104. Procedures to reduce improper claims of earned income credit. Sec. 1105. Certain income disallowed for pur-poses of the earned income tax credit. Subtitle C—Simplification and Reform of Education Incentives Sec. 1201. American opportunity tax credit. Sec. 1202. Consolidation of education savings rules. Sec. 1203. Reforms to discharge of certain stu-dent loan indebtedness. Sec. 1204. Repeal of other provisions relating to education. Sec. 1205. Rollovers between qualified tuition programs and qualified ABLE programs. Subtitle D—Simplification and Reform of Deductions Sec. 1301. Repeal of overall limitation on itemized deductions. Sec. 1302. Mortgage interest. Sec. 1303. Repeal of deduction for certain taxes not paid or accrued in a trade or business. Sec. 1304. Repeal of deduction for personal cas-ualty losses. Sec. 1305. Limitation on wagering losses. Sec. 1306. Charitable contributions. Sec. 1307. Repeal of deduction for tax prepara-tion expenses. Sec. 1308. Repeal of medical expense deduction. Sec. 1309. Repeal of deduction for alimony pay-ments. Sec. 1310. Repeal of deduction for moving ex-penses. Sec. 1311. Termination of deduction and exclu-sions for contributions to medical savings accounts. Sec. 1312. Denial of deduction for expenses at-tributable to the trade or business of being an employee. Subtitle E—Simplification and Reform of Exclusions and Taxable Compensation Sec. 1401. Limitation on exclusion for employer- provided housing. Sec. 1402. Exclusion of gain from sale of a prin-cipal residence. Sec. 1403. Repeal of exclusion, etc., for em-ployee achievement awards. Sec. 1404. Sunset of exclusion for dependent care assistance programs. Sec. 1405. Repeal of exclusion for qualified mov-ing expense reimbursement. Sec. 1406. Repeal of exclusion for adoption as-sistance programs. Subtitle F—Simplification and Reform of Savings, Pensions, Retirement Sec. 1501. Repeal of special rule permitting re-characterization of Roth IRA con-tributions as traditional IRA con-tributions. Sec. 1502. Reduction in minimum age for allow-able in-service distributions. Sec. 1503. Modification of rules governing hard-ship distributions. Sec. 1504. Modification of rules relating to hardship withdrawals from cash or deferred arrangements. Sec. 1505. Extended rollover period for the roll-over of plan loan offset amounts in certain cases. Sec. 1506. Modification of nondiscrimination rules to protect older, longer serv-ice participants. Subtitle G—Estate, Gift, and Generation- skipping Transfer Taxes Sec. 1601. Increase in credit against estate, gift, and generation-skipping transfer tax. Sec. 1602. Repeal of estate and generation-skip-ping transfer taxes. TITLE II—ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX REPEAL Sec. 2001. Repeal of alternative minimum tax. TITLE III—BUSINESS TAX REFORM Subtitle A—Tax Rates Sec. 3001. Reduction in corporate tax rate. Subtitle B—Cost Recovery Sec. 3101. Increased expensing. Subtitle C—Small Business Reforms Sec. 3201. Expansion of section 179 expensing. Sec. 3202. Small business accounting method re-form and simplification. Sec. 3203. Small business exception from limita-tion on deduction of business in-terest. Sec. 3204. Modification of treatment of S cor-poration conversions to C cor-porations. Subtitle D—Reform of Business-related Exclusions, Deductions, etc. Sec. 3301. Interest. Sec. 3302. Modification of net operating loss de-duction. Sec. 3303. Like-kind exchanges of real property. 
Sec. 3304. Revision of treatment of contributions to capital. Sec. 3305. Repeal of deduction for local lob-bying expenses. Sec. 3306. Repeal of deduction for income at-tributable to domestic production activities. Sec. 3307. Entertainment, etc. expenses. Sec. 3308. Unrelated business taxable income in-creased by amount of certain fringe benefit expenses for which deduction is disallowed. Sec. 3309. Limitation on deduction for FDIC premiums. Sec. 3310. Repeal of rollover of publicly traded securities gain into specialized small business investment compa-nies. Sec. 3311. Certain self-created property not treated as a capital asset. Sec. 3312. Repeal of special rule for sale or ex-change of patents. Sec. 3313. Repeal of technical termination of partnerships. Sec. 3314. Recharacterization of certain gains in the case of partnership profits interests held in connection with performance of investment serv-ices. Sec. 3315. Amortization of research and experi-mental expenditures. Sec. 3316. Uniform treatment of expenses in contingency fee cases. Subtitle E—Reform of Business Credits Sec. 3401. Repeal of credit for clinical testing expenses for certain drugs for rare diseases or conditions. Sec. 3402. Repeal of employer-provided child care credit. Sec. 3403. Repeal of rehabilitation credit. Sec. 3404. Repeal of work opportunity tax cred-it. Sec. 3405. Repeal of deduction for certain un-used business credits. Sec. 3406. Termination of new markets tax cred-it. Sec. 3407. Repeal of credit for expenditures to provide access to disabled individ-uals. Sec. 3408. Modification of credit for portion of employer social security taxes paid with respect to employee tips. Subtitle F—Energy Credits Sec. 3501. Modifications to credit for electricity produced from certain renewable resources. Sec. 3502. Modification of the energy invest-ment tax credit. Sec. 3503. Extension and phaseout of residential energy efficient property. Sec. 3504. Repeal of enhanced oil recovery cred-it. Sec. 3505. Repeal of credit for producing oil and gas from marginal wells. Sec. 3506. Modifications of credit for production from advanced nuclear power fa-cilities. Subtitle G—Bond Reforms Sec. 3601. Termination of private activity bonds. Sec. 3602. Repeal of advance refunding bonds. Sec. 3603. Repeal of tax credit bonds. Sec. 3604. No tax exempt bonds for professional stadiums. Subtitle H—Insurance Sec. 3701. Net operating losses of life insurance companies. Sec. 3702. Repeal of small life insurance com-pany deduction. Sec. 3703. Surtax on life insurance company taxable income. Sec. 3704. Adjustment for change in computing reserves. Sec. 3705. Repeal of special rule for distribu-tions to shareholders from pre- 1984 policyholders surplus ac-count. Sec. 3706. Modification of proration rules for property and casualty insurance companies. Sec. 3707. Modification of discounting rules for property and casualty insurance companies. Sec. 3708. Repeal of special estimated tax pay-ments. Subtitle I—Compensation Sec. 3801. Modification of limitation on exces-sive employee remuneration. Sec. 3802. Excise tax on excess tax-exempt orga-nization executive compensation. Sec. 3803. Treatment of qualified equity grants. TITLE IV—TAXATION OF FOREIGN INCOME AND FOREIGN PERSONS Subtitle A—Establishment of Participation Ex-emption System for Taxation of Foreign In-come Sec. 4001. Deduction for foreign-source portion of dividends received by domestic corporations from specified 10-per-cent owned foreign corporations. Sec. 4002. Application of participation exemp-tion to investments in United States property. Sec. 4003. Limitation on losses with respect to specified 10-percent owned foreign corporations. Sec. 4004. Treatment of deferred foreign income upon transition to participation exemption system of taxation. Subtitle B—Modifications Related to Foreign Tax Credit System Sec. 4101. Repeal of section 902 indirect foreign tax credits; determination of sec-tion 960 credit on current year basis. Sec. 4102. Source of income from sales of inven-tory determined solely on basis of production activities. Subtitle C—Modification of Subpart F Provisions 
Sec. 4201. Repeal of inclusion based on with-drawal of previously excluded subpart F income from qualified investment. Sec. 4202. Repeal of treatment of foreign base company oil related income as subpart F income. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9304 November 15, 2017 
Sec. 4203. Inflation adjustment of de minimis exception for foreign base com-pany income. Sec. 4204. Look-thru rule for related controlled foreign corporations made perma-nent. Sec. 4205. Modification of stock attribution rules for determining status as a controlled foreign corporation. Sec. 4206. Elimination of requirement that cor-poration must be controlled for 30 days before subpart F inclusions apply. Subtitle D—Prevention of Base Erosion Sec. 4301. Current year inclusion by United States shareholders with foreign high returns. Sec. 4302. Limitation on deduction of interest by domestic corporations which are members of an international financial reporting group. Sec. 4303. Excise tax on certain payments from domestic corporations to related foreign corporations; election to treat such payments as effectively connected income. Subtitle E—Provisions Related to Possessions of the United States Sec. 4401. Extension of deduction allowable with respect to income attrib-utable to domestic production ac-tivities in Puerto Rico. Sec. 4402. Extension of temporary increase in limit on cover over of rum excise taxes to Puerto Rico and the Vir-gin Islands. Sec. 4403. Extension of American Samoa eco-nomic development credit. Subtitle F—Other International Reforms Sec. 4501. Restriction on insurance business ex-ception to passive foreign invest-ment company rules. TITLE V—EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS Subtitle A—Unrelated Business Income Tax Sec. 5001. Clarification of unrelated business income tax treatment of entities treated as exempt from taxation under section 501(a). Sec. 5002. Exclusion of research income limited to publicly available research. Subtitle B—Excise Taxes Sec. 5101. Simplification of excise tax on private foundation investment income. Sec. 5102. Private operating foundation require-ments relating to operation of art museum. Sec. 5103. Excise tax based on investment in-come of private colleges and uni-versities. Sec. 5104. Exception from private foundation excess business holding tax for independently-operated philan-thropic business holdings. Subtitle C—Requirements for Organizations Exempt From Tax Sec. 5201. 501(c)(3) organizations permitted to make statements relating to polit-ical campaign in ordinary course of activities. Sec. 5202. Additional reporting requirements for donor advised fund sponsoring or-ganizations. TITLE I—TAX REFORM FOR INDIVIDUALS Subtitle A—Simplification and Reform of Rates, Standard Deduction, and Exemptions 
SEC. 1001. REDUCTION AND SIMPLIFICATION OF INDIVIDUAL INCOME TAX RATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1 is amended by striking subsection (i) and by striking all that precedes subsection (h) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 1. TAX IMPOSED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is hereby imposed on the income of every individual a tax equal to the sum of— ‘‘(1) 12 PERCENT BRACKET .—12 percent of so much of the taxable income as does not exceed the 25-percent bracket threshold amount, ‘‘(2) 25 
PERCENT BRACKET .—25 percent of so much of the taxable income as exceeds the 25- percent bracket threshold amount but does not exceed the 35-percent bracket threshold amount, plus ‘‘(3) 35 
PERCENT BRACKET .—35 percent of so much of taxable income as exceeds the 35-per-cent bracket threshold amount but does not ex-ceed the 39.6 percent bracket threshold amount. ‘‘(4) 39.6 
PERCENT BRACKET .—39.6 percent of so much of taxable income as exceeds the 39.6-per-cent bracket threshold amount. ‘‘(b) B
RACKET THRESHOLD AMOUNTS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) 25-
PERCENT BRACKET THRESHOLD  
AMOUNT .—The term ‘25-percent bracket thresh-old amount’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of a joint return or surviving spouse, $90,000, ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is the head of a household (as defined in section 2(b)), $67,500, ‘‘(C) in the case of any other individual (other than an estate or trust), an amount equal to 
1⁄2 of the amount in effect for the taxable year under subparagraph (A), and ‘‘(D) in the case of an estate or trust, $2,550. ‘‘(2) 35-
PERCENT BRACKET THRESHOLD  
AMOUNT .—The term ‘35-percent bracket thresh-old amount’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of a joint return or surviving spouse, $260,000, ‘‘(B) in the case of a married individual filing a separate return, an amount equal to 
1⁄2of the amount in effect for the taxable year under sub-paragraph (A), and ‘‘(C) in the case of any other individual (other than an estate or trust), $200,000, and ‘‘(D) in the case of an estate or trust, $9,150. ‘‘(3) 39.6-
PERCENT BRACKET THRESHOLD  
AMOUNT .—The term ‘39.6-percent bracket threshold amount’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of a joint return or surviving spouse, $1,000,000, ‘‘(B) in the case of any other individual (other than an estate or trust), an amount equal to 
1⁄2 of the amount in effect for the taxable year under subparagraph (A), and ‘‘(C) in the case of an estate or trust, $12,500. ‘‘(c) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, each dollar amount in subsections (b) and (e)(3) (other than any amount determined by reference to such a dollar amount) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under this subsection for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in paragraph (2)(A)(ii). If any increase determined under the preceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100. ‘‘(2) C
OST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—For pur- poses of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The cost-of-living adjust-ment for any calendar year is the percentage (if any) by which— ‘‘(i) the C-CPI-U for the preceding calendar year, exceeds ‘‘(ii) the normalized CPI for calendar year 2016. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ADJUSTMENTS WITH A  
BASE YEAR AFTER 2016 .—For purposes of any pro-vision which provides for the substitution of a year after 2016 for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii), subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘C-CPI-U’ for ‘normalized CPI’ in clause (ii). ‘‘(3) N
ORMALIZED CPI .—For purposes of this subsection, the normalized CPI for any calendar year is the product of— ‘‘(A) the CPI for such calendar year, multi-plied by ‘‘(B) the C-CPI-U transition multiple. ‘‘(4) C-CPI-U TRANSITION MULTIPLE .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘C-CPI-U transition multiple’ means the amount obtained by dividing— ‘‘(A) the C-CPI-U for calendar year 2016, by ‘‘(B) the CPI for calendar year 2016. ‘‘(5) C-CPI-U.—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘C-CPI-U’ means the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor). The values of the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the cost-of- living adjustment for any calendar year under this subsection shall be the latest values so pub-lished as of the date on which such Bureau pub-lishes the initial value of the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of August for the preceding calendar year. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION FOR CALENDAR YEAR .— The C-CPI-U for any calendar year is the aver-age of the C-CPI-U as of the close of the 12- month period ending on August 31 of such cal-endar year. ‘‘(6) CPI.—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘Consumer Price Index’ means the last Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Depart-ment of Labor. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the revision of the Consumer Price Index which is most consistent with the Con-sumer Price Index for calendar year 1986 shall be used. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION FOR CALENDAR YEAR .— The CPI for any calendar year is the average of the Consumer Price Index as of the close of the 12-month period ending on August 31 of such calendar year. ‘‘(d) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN CHILDREN  W
ITHUNEARNED INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any child to whom this subsection applies for any taxable year— ‘‘(A) the 25-percent bracket threshold amount shall not be more than the taxable income of such child for the taxable year reduced by the net unearned income of such child, and ‘‘(B) the 35-percent bracket threshold amount shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(i) the taxable income of such child for the taxable year reduced by the net unearned in-come of such child, plus ‘‘(ii) the dollar amount in effect under sub-section (b)(2)(D) for the taxable year. ‘‘(C) the 39.6-percent bracket threshold amount shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(i) the taxable income of such child for the taxable year reduced by the net unearned in-come of such child, plus ‘‘(ii) the dollar amount in effect under sub-section (b)(3)(C). ‘‘(2) C
HILD TO WHOM SUBSECTION APPLIES .— This subsection shall apply to any child for any taxable year if— ‘‘(A) such child— ‘‘(i) has not attained age 18 before the close of the taxable year, or ‘‘(ii) has attained age 18 before the close of the taxable year and is described in paragraph (3), ‘‘(B) either parent of such child is alive at the close of the taxable year, and ‘‘(C) such child does not file a joint return for the taxable year. ‘‘(3) C
ERTAIN CHILDREN WHOSE EARNED INCOME  
DOES NOT EXCEED ONE -HALF OF INDIVIDUAL ’S 
SUPPORT .—A child is described in this para-graph if— ‘‘(A) such child— ‘‘(i) has not attained age 19 before the close of the taxable year, or ‘‘(ii) is a student (within the meaning of sec-tion 7706(f)(2)) who has not attained age 24 be-fore the close of the taxable year, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9305 November 15, 2017 
‘‘(B) such child’s earned income (as defined in section 911(d)(2)) for such taxable year does not exceed one-half of the amount of the individ-ual’s support (within the meaning of section 7706(c)(1)(D) after the application of section 7706(f)(5) (without regard to subparagraph (A) thereof)) for such taxable year. ‘‘(4) N
ET UNEARNED INCOME .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘net unearned in-come’ means the excess of— ‘‘(i) the portion of the adjusted gross income for the taxable year which is not attributable to earned income (as defined in section 911(d)(2)), over ‘‘(ii) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the amount in effect for the taxable year under section 63(c)(2)(A) (relating to limitation on standard deduction in the case of certain de-pendents), plus ‘‘(II) The greater of the amount described in subclause (I) or, if the child itemizes his deduc-tions for the taxable year, the amount of the itemized deductions allowed by this chapter for the taxable year which are directly connected with the production of the portion of adjusted gross income referred to in clause (i). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION BASED ON TAXABLE IN -
COME .—The amount of the net unearned income for any taxable year shall not exceed the indi-vidual’s taxable income for such taxable year. ‘‘(e) P
HASEOUT OF 12-PERCENT RATE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of tax imposed by this section (determined without regard to this subsection) shall be increased by 6 percent of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) adjusted gross income, over ‘‘(B) the applicable dollar amount. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The increase determined under paragraph (1) with respect to any tax-payer for any taxable year shall not exceed 27.6 percent of the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the taxpayer’s taxable income for such taxable year, or ‘‘(B) the 25-percent bracket threshold amount in effect with respect to the taxpayer for such taxable year. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE DOLLAR AMOUNT .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘applicable dollar amount’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of a joint return or a sur-viving spouse, $1,200,000, ‘‘(B) in the case of a married individual filing a separate return, an amount equal to 
1⁄2of the amount in effect for the taxable year under sub-paragraph (A), and ‘‘(C) in the case of any other individual, $1,000,000. ‘‘(4) E
STATES AND TRUSTS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply in the case of an estate or trust.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION OF CURRENT INCOME TAX B
RACKETS TO CAPITAL GAINSBRACKETS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) 0-
PERCENT CAPITAL GAINS BRACKET .—Sec- tion 1(h)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘which would (without regard to this paragraph) be taxed at a rate below 25 percent’’ in subpara-graph (B)(i) and inserting ‘‘below the 15-percent rate threshold’’. (B) 15-
PERCENT CAPITAL GAINS BRACKET .—Sec- tion 1(h)(1)(C)(ii)(I) is amended by striking ‘‘which would (without regard to this para-graph) be taxed at a rate below 39.6 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘below the 20-percent rate thresh-old’’. (2) R
ATE THRESHOLDS DEFINED .—Section 1(h) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) R
ATE THRESHOLDS DEFINED .—For pur- poses of this subsection— ‘‘(A) 15-
PERCENT RATE THRESHOLD .—The 15- percent rate threshold shall be— ‘‘(i) in the case of a joint return or surviving spouse, $77,200 (
1⁄2such amount in the case of a married individual filing a separate return), ‘‘(ii) in the case of an individual who is the head of a household (as defined in section 2(b)), $51,700, ‘‘(iii) in the case of any other individual (other than an estate or trust), an amount equal to 1⁄2of the amount in effect for the taxable year under clause (i), and ‘‘(iv) in the case of an estate or trust, $2,600. ‘‘(B) 20-
PERCENT RATE THRESHOLD .—The 20- percent rate threshold shall be— ‘‘(i) in the case of a joint return or surviving spouse, $479,000 (
1⁄2such amount in the case of a married individual filing a separate return), ‘‘(ii) in the case of an individual who is the head of a household (as defined in section 2(b)), $452,400, ‘‘(iii) in the case of any other individual (other than an estate or trust), $425,800, and ‘‘(iv) in the case of an estate or trust, $12,700. ‘‘(C) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, each of the dollar amounts in subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under subsection (c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION OF SECTION 15.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 15 is amended by striking ‘‘by this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘by section 11 (or by reference to any such rates)’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 15 is amended by striking sub-sections (d) and (f) and by redesignating sub-section (e) as subsection (d). (B) Section 15(d), as redesignated by subpara-graph (A), is amended by striking ‘‘section 1 or 11(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 11(b)’’. (C) Section 6013(c) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 15, 443, and 7851(a)(1)(A)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘sections 443 and 7851(a)(1)(A)’’. (3) A
PPLICATION TO THIS ACT .—Section 15 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply to any change in a rate of tax imposed by chapter 1 of such Code which occurs by reason of any amendment made by this Act (other than the amendments made by section 3001). (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2017. (2) S
UBSECTION (c).—The amendments made by subsection (c) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1002. ENHANCEMENT OF STANDARD DEDUC-TION. 
(a) I NCREASE IN STANDARD DEDUCTION .—Sec- tion 63(c) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) S
TANDARD DEDUCTION .—For purposes of this subtitle— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the term ‘standard de-duction’ means— ‘‘(A) $24,400, in the case of a joint return (or a surviving spouse (as defined in section 2(a)), ‘‘(B) three-quarters of the amount in effect under subparagraph (A) for the taxable year, in the case of the head of a household (as defined in section 2(b)), and ‘‘(C) one-half of the amount in effect under subparagraph (A) for the taxable year, in any other case. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON STANDARD DEDUCTION IN  
THE CASE OF CERTAIN DEPENDENTS .—In the case of an individual who is a dependent of another taxpayer for a taxable year beginning in the calendar year in which the individual’s taxable year begins, the standard deduction applicable to such individual for such individual’s taxable year shall not exceed the greater of— ‘‘(A) $500, or ‘‘(B) the sum of $250 and such individual’s earned income (within the means of section 32). ‘‘(3) C
ERTAIN INDIVIDUALS , ETC., NOT ELIGIBLE  
FOR STANDARD DEDUCTION .—In the case of— ‘‘(A) a married individual filing a separate re-turn where either spouse itemizes deductions, ‘‘(B) a nonresident alien individual, ‘‘(C) an individual making a return under sec-tion 443(a)(1) for a period of less than 12 months on account of a change in his annual account-ing period, or ‘‘(D) an estate or trust, common trust fund, or partnership, the standard deduction shall be zero. ‘‘(4) UNMARRIED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘unmarried individual’ means any individual who— ‘‘(A) is not married as of the close of the tax-able year (as determined by applying section 7703), ‘‘(B) is not a surviving spouse (as defined in section 2(a)) for the taxable year, and ‘‘(C) is not a dependent of another taxpayer for a taxable year beginning in the calendar year in which the individual’s taxable year be-gins. ‘‘(5) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) S
TANDARD DEDUCTION AMOUNT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2019, the dollar amount in paragraph (1)(A) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2018’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION AMOUNT IN CASE OF CERTAIN  
DEPENDENTS .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2017, each of the dollar amounts in paragraph (2) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii)(I) in the case of the dollar amount in paragraph (2)(A), under section 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year be-gins determined by substituting ‘calendar year 1987’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) there-of, and ‘‘(II) in the case of the dollar amount in para-graph (2)(B), under section 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins determined by substituting ‘calendar year 1997’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof. If any increase determined under this para-graph is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 63(b) is amended by striking ‘‘, minus—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘minus the standard deduction’’. (2) Section 63 is amended by striking sub-sections (f) and (g). (3) Section 1398(c) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘B
ASIC’’ in the heading there-of, (B) by striking ‘‘B
ASIC STANDARD ’’ in the heading of paragraph (3) and inserting ‘‘S
TAND -
ARD’’, and (C) by striking ‘‘basic’’ in paragraph (3). (4) Section 3402(m)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘(including the additional standard deduction under section 63(c)(3) for the aged and blind)’’. (5) Section 6014(b)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘section 63(c)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 63(c)(2)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1003. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR PER-SONAL EXEMPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part V of subchapter B of chapter 1 is hereby repealed. (b) D
EFINITION OF DEPENDENT RETAINED .— Section 152, prior to repeal by subsection (a), is hereby redesignated as section 7706 and moved to the end of chapter 79. (c) A
PPLICATION TO ESTATES AND TRUSTS .— Subsection (b) of section 642 is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2)(C), (2) by striking paragraph (3), and (3) by striking ‘‘D
EDUCTION FOR PERSONAL  E
XEMPTION ’’ in the heading thereof and insert-ing ‘‘B
ASICDEDUCTION ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9306 November 15, 2017 
(d) A PPLICATION TO NONRESIDENT ALIENS .— Section 873(b) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (e) M
ODIFICATION OF WAGE WITHHOLDING  R
ULES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3402(a) is amended by striking paragraph (2). (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3402(a) is amended— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) as paragraphs (1) and (2) and moving such redesignated paragraphs 2 ems to the left, and (B) by striking all that precedes ‘‘otherwise provided in this section’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT OF WITHHOLDING .—Except as’’. (3) N
UMBER OF EXEMPTIONS .—Section 3402(f)(1) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘an indi-vidual described in section 151(d)(2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘a dependent of any other taxpayer’’, and (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘with re-spect to whom, on the basis of facts existing at the beginning of such day, there may reason-ably be expected to be allowable an exemption under section 151(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘who, on the basis of facts existing at the beginning of such day, is reasonably expected to be a depend-ent of the employee’’. (f) M
ODIFICATION OF RETURN REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 6012(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) Every individual who has gross income for the taxable year, except that a return shall not be required of— ‘‘(A) an individual who is not married (deter-mined by applying section 7703) and who has gross income for the taxable year which does not exceed the standard deduction applicable to such individual for such taxable year under sec-tion 63, or ‘‘(B) an individual entitled to make a joint re-turn if— ‘‘(i) the gross income of such individual, when combined with the gross income of such individ-ual’s spouse, for the taxable year does not ex-ceed the standard deduction which would be ap-plicable to the taxpayer for such taxable year under section 63 if such individual and such in-dividual’s spouse made a joint return, ‘‘(ii) such individual and such individual’s spouse have the same household as their home at the close of the taxable year, ‘‘(iii) such individual’s spouse does not make a separate return, and ‘‘(iv) neither such individual nor such individ-ual’s spouse is an individual described in section 63(c)(2) who has income (other than earned in-come) in excess of the amount in effect under section 63(c)(2)(A).’’. (2) B
ANKRUPTCY ESTATES .—Paragraph (8) of section 6012(a) is amended by striking ‘‘the sum of the exemption amount plus the basic stand-ard deduction under section 63(c)(2)(D)’’ and in-serting ‘‘the standard deduction in effect under section 63(c)(1)(B)’’. (g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 2(a)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘a dependent’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section 151’’ and inserting ‘‘a dependent who (within the meaning of section 7706, determined without regard to subsections (b)(1), (b)(2) and (d)(1)(B) thereof) is a son, stepson, daughter, or stepdaughter of the taxpayer’’. (2) Section 36B(b)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 152’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706’’. (3) Section 36B(b)(3)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘unless a deduction is allowed under section 151 for the taxable year with respect to a depend-ent’’ in the flush matter at the end and insert-ing ‘‘unless the taxpayer has a dependent for the taxable year’’. (4) Section 36B(c)(1)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘with respect to whom a deduction under sec-tion 151 is allowable to another taxpayer’’ and inserting ‘‘who is a dependent of another tax-payer’’. (5) Section 36B(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘equal to the number of individuals for whom the taxpayer is allowed a deduction under sec-tion 151 (relating to allowance of deduction for personal exemptions) for the taxable year’’ and inserting ‘‘the sum of 1 (2 in the case of a joint return) plus the number of the taxpayer’s de-pendents for the taxable year’’. (6) Section 36B(e)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘1 or more individuals for whom a taxpayer is al-lowed a deduction under section 151 (relating to allowance of deduction for personal exemptions) for the taxable year (including the taxpayer or his spouse)’’ and inserting ‘‘1 or more of the tax-payer, the taxpayer’s spouse, or any dependent of the taxpayer’’. (7) Section 42(i)(3)(D)(ii)(I) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 152’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706’’, and (B) by striking the period at the end and in-serting a comma. (8) Section 72(t)(2)(D)(i)(III) is amended by striking ‘‘section 152’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706’’. (9) Section 72(t)(7)(A)(iii) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 152(f)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706(f)(1)’’. (10) Section 105(b) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘as defined in section 152’’ and inserting ‘‘as defined in section 7706’’, (B) by striking ‘‘section 152(f)(1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 7706(f)(1)’’ and (C) by striking ‘‘section 152(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706(e)’’. (11) Section 105(c)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘section 152’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706’’. (12) Section 125(e)(1)(D) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 152’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706’’. (13) Section 132(h)(2)(B) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 152(f)(1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 7706(f)(1)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘section 152(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706(e)’’. (14) Section 139D(c)(5) is amended by striking ‘‘section 152’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706’’. (15) Section 162(l)(1)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘section 152(f)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706(f)(1)’’. (16) Section 170(g)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘section 152’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706’’. (17) Section 170(g)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘section 152(d)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706(d)(2)’’. (18) Section 172(d) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (19) Section 220(b)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘with respect to whom a deduction under sec-tion 151 is allowable to’’ and inserting ‘‘who is a dependent of’’. (20) Section 220(d)(2)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 152’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706’’. (21) Section 223(b)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘with respect to whom a deduction under sec-tion 151 is allowable to’’ and inserting ‘‘who is a dependent of’’. (22) Section 223(d)(2)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 152’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706’’. (23) Section 401(h) is amended by striking ‘‘section 152(f)(1)’’ in the last sentence and in-serting ‘‘section 7706(f)(1)’’. (24) Section 402(l)(4)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘section 152’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706’’. (25) Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(ii)(I) is amended by striking ‘‘section 152(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706(a)’’. (26) Section 501(c)(9) is amended by striking ‘‘section 152(f)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706(f)(1)’’. (27) Section 529(e)(2)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 152(d)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706(d)(2)’’. (28) Section 703(a)(2) is amended by striking subparagraph (A) and by redesignating sub-paragraphs (B) through (F) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respectively. (29) Section 874 is amended by striking sub-section (b) and by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (b). (30) Section 891 is amended by striking ‘‘under section 151 and’’. (31) Section 904(b) is amended by striking paragraph (1). (32) Section 931(b)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘(other than the deduction under section 151, relating to personal exemptions)’’. (33) Section 933 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(other than the deduction under section 151, relating to personal exemp-tions)’’ in paragraph (1), and (B) by striking ‘‘(other than the deduction for personal exemptions under section 151)’’ in paragraph (2). (34) Section 1212(b)(2)(B)(ii) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) in the case of an estate or trust, the de-duction allowed for such year under section 642(b).’’. (35) Section 1361(c)(1)(C) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 152(f)(1)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706(f)(1)(C)’’. (36) Section 1402(a) is amended by striking paragraph (7). (37) Section 2032A(c)(7)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘section 152(f)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 7706(f)(2)’’. (38) Section 3402(m)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘other than the deductions referred to in section 151 and’’. (39) Section 3402(r)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘the sum of—’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘the standard deduction in effect under sec-tion 63(c)(1)(B).’’. (40) Section 5000A(b)(3)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 152’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7706’’. (41) Section 5000A(c)(4)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘the number of individuals for whom the taxpayer is allowed a deduction under sec-tion 151 (relating to allowance of deduction for personal exemptions) for the taxable year’’ and inserting ‘‘the sum of 1 (2 in the case of a joint return) plus the number of the taxpayer’s de-pendents for the taxable year’’. (42) Section 6013(b)(3)(A) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘had less than the exemption amount of gross income’’ in clause (ii) and in-serting ‘‘had no gross income’’, (B) by striking ‘‘had gross income of the ex-emption amount or more’’ in clause (iii) and in-serting ‘‘had any gross income’’, and (C) by striking the flush language following clause (iii). (43) Section 6103(l)(21)(A)(iii) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(iii) the number of the taxpayer’s depend-ents,’’. (44) Section 6213(g)(2) is amended by striking subparagraph (H). (45) Section 6334(d)(2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) E
XEMPT AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘exempt amount’ means an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) the standard deduction, divided by ‘‘(ii) 52. ‘‘(B) V
ERIFIED STATEMENT .—Unless the tax-payer submits to the Secretary a written and properly verified statement specifying the facts necessary to determine the proper amount under subparagraph (A), subparagraph (A) shall be applied as if the taxpayer were a married indi-vidual filing a separate return with no depend-ents.’’. (46) Section 7702B(f)(2)(C)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 152(d)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 7706(d)(2)’’. (47) Section 7703(a) is amended by striking ‘‘part V of subchapter B of chapter 1 and’’. (48) Section 7703(b)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘section 152(f)(1)’’ and all that follows and in-serting ‘‘section 7706(f)(1),’’. (49) Section 7706(a), as redesignated by this section, is amended by striking ‘‘this subtitle’’ and inserting ‘‘subtitle A’’. (50)(A) Section 7706(d)(1)(B), as redesignated by this section, is amended by striking ‘‘the ex-emption amount (as defined in section 151(d))’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,150’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9307 November 15, 2017 
(B) Section 7706(d), as redesignated by this section, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any calendar year beginning after 2018, the $4,150 amount in paragraph (1)(B) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(c)(2)(A) for such calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof. If any increase determined under the preceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.’’. (51) The table of sections for chapter 79 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 7706. Dependent defined.’’. (h) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1004. MAXIMUM RATE ON BUSINESS INCOME OF INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part I of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 3 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4. 25 PERCENT MAXIMUM RATE ON BUSI-NESS INCOME OF INDIVIDUALS. 
‘‘(a) R EDUCTION IN TAX TO ACHIEVE 25 P ER-
CENT MAXIMUM RATE.—The tax imposed by sec-tion 1 shall be reduced by the sum of— ‘‘(1) 10 percent of the lesser of— ‘‘(A) qualified business income, or ‘‘(B) the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) taxable income reduced by net capital gain (as defined in section 1(h)(11)(A)), over ‘‘(ii) the maximum dollar amount for the 25- percent rate bracket which applies to the tax-payer under section 1 for the taxable year, and ‘‘(2) 4.6 percent of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the lesser of— ‘‘(i) qualified business income, or ‘‘(ii) the excess (if any) determined under paragraph (1)(B), over ‘‘(B) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the maximum dollar amount for the 35- percent rate bracket which applies to the tax-payer under section 1 for the taxable year, over ‘‘(ii) the maximum dollar amount for the 25- percent rate bracket which applies to the tax-payer under section 1 for the taxable year. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘qualified business income’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(1) the sum of— ‘‘(A) 100 percent of any net business income derived from any passive business activity, plus ‘‘(B) the capital percentage of any net busi-ness income derived from any active business ac-tivity, over ‘‘(2) the sum of— ‘‘(A) 100 percent of any net business loss de-rived from any passive business activity, ‘‘(B) except as provided in subsection (e)(3)(A), 30 percent of any net business loss de-rived from any active business activity, plus ‘‘(C) any carryover business loss determined for the preceding taxable year. ‘‘(c) D
ETERMINATION OF NETBUSINESS INCOME  
ORLOSS.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Net business income or loss shall be determined with respect to any business activity by appropriately netting items of in-come, gain, deduction, and loss with respect to such business activity. ‘‘(2) W
AGES, ETC.—Any wages (as defined in section 3401), payments described in subsection (a) or (c) of section 707, or directors’ fees re-ceived by the taxpayer which are properly at-tributable to any business activity shall be taken into account under paragraph (1) as an item of income with respect to such business ac-tivity. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN INVESTMENT -RE-
LATED ITEMS .—There shall not be taken into ac-count under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) any item of short-term capital gain, short-term capital loss, long-term capital gain, or long-term capital loss, ‘‘(B) any dividend, income equivalent to a dividend, or payment in lieu of dividends de-scribed in section 954(c)(1)(G), ‘‘(C) any interest income other than interest income which is properly allocable to a trade or business, ‘‘(D) any item of gain or loss described in sub-paragraph (C) or (D) of section 954(c)(1) (ap-plied by substituting ‘business activity’ for ‘con-trolled foreign corporation’), ‘‘(E) any item of income, gain, deduction, or loss taken into account under section 954(c)(1)(F) (determined without regard to clause (ii) thereof and other than items attrib-utable to notional principal contracts entered into in transactions qualifying under section 1221(a)(7)), ‘‘(F) any amount received from an annuity which is not received in connection with the trade or business of the business activity, and ‘‘(G) any item of deduction or loss properly al-locable to an amount described in any of the preceding subparagraphs. ‘‘(4) APPLICATION OF RESTRICTIONS APPLICA -
BLE TO DETERMINING TAXABLE INCOME .—Net business income or loss shall be appropriately adjusted so as only to take into account any amount of income, gain, deduction, or loss to the extent such amount affects the determina-tion of taxable income for the taxable year. ‘‘(5) C
ARRYOVER BUSINESS LOSS .—For purposes of subsection (b)(2)(C), the carryover business loss determined for any taxable year is the ex-cess (if any) of the sum described in subsection (b)(2) over the sum described in subsection (b)(1) for such taxable year. ‘‘(d) P
ASSIVE AND ACTIVE BUSINESS ACTIV-
ITY.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) P
ASSIVE BUSINESS ACTIVITY .—The term ‘passive business activity’ means any passive ac-tivity as defined in section 469(c) determined without regard to paragraphs (3) and (6)(B) thereof. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVE BUSINESS ACTIVITY .—The term ‘active business activity’ means any business ac-tivity which is not a passive business activity. ‘‘(3) B
USINESS ACTIVITY .—The term ‘business activity’ means any activity (within the mean-ing of section 469) which involves the conduct of any trade or business. ‘‘(e) C
APITAL PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, the term ‘capital percent-age’ means 30 percent. ‘‘(2) I
NCREASED PERCENTAGE FOR CAPITAL -IN-
TENSIVE BUSINESS ACTIVITIES .—In the case of a taxpayer who elects the application of this paragraph with respect to any active business activity (other than a specified service activity), the capital percentage shall be equal to the ap-plicable percentage (as defined in subsection (f)) for each taxable year with respect to which such election applies. Any election made under this paragraph shall apply to the taxable year for which such election is made and each of the 4 subsequent taxable years. Such election shall be made not later than the due date (including ex-tensions) for the return of tax for the taxable year for which such election is made, and, once made, may not be revoked. ‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF SPECIFIED SERVICE ACTIVI -
TIES.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any active business activity which is a specified service ac-tivity— ‘‘(i) the capital percentage shall be 0 percent, and ‘‘(ii) subsection (b)(2)(B) shall be applied by substituting ‘0 percent’ for ‘30 percent’. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CAPITAL -INTENSIVE SPECI -
FIED SERVICE ACTIVITIES .—If— ‘‘(i) the taxpayer elects the application of this subparagraph with respect to such activity for any taxable year, and ‘‘(ii) the applicable percentage (as defined in subsection (f)) with respect to such activity for such taxable year is at least 10 percent, then subparagraph (A) shall not apply and the capital percentage with respect to such activity shall be equal to such applicable percentage. ‘‘(C) SPECIFIED SERVICE ACTIVITY .—The term ‘specified service activity’ means any activity involving the performance of services described in section 1202(e)(3)(A), including investing, trading, or dealing in securities (as defined in section 475(c)(2)), partnership interests, or com-modities (as defined in section 475(e)(2)). ‘‘(4) R
EDUCTION IN CAPITAL PERCENTAGE IN  
CERTAIN CASES .—The capital percentage (deter-mined after the application of paragraphs (2) and (3)) with respect to any active business ac-tivity shall not exceed 1 minus the quotient (not greater than 1) of— ‘‘(A) any amounts described in subsection (c)(2) which are taken into account in deter-mining the net business income derived from such activity, divided by ‘‘(B) such net business income. ‘‘(f) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable per-centage’ means, with respect to any active busi-ness activity for any taxable year, the quotient (not greater than 1) of— ‘‘(A) the specified return on capital with re-spect to such activity for such taxable year, di-vided by ‘‘(B) the taxpayer’s net business income de-rived from such activity for such taxable year. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED RETURN ON CAPITAL .—The term ‘specified return on capital’ means, with respect to any active business activity referred to in paragraph (1), the excess of— ‘‘(A) the product of— ‘‘(i) the deemed rate of return for the taxable year, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the asset balance with respect to such ac-tivity for such taxable year, over ‘‘(B) an amount equal to the interest which is paid or accrued, and for which a deduction is allowed under this chapter, with respect to such activity for such taxable year. ‘‘(3) D
EEMED RATE OF RETURN .—The term ‘deemed rate of return’ means, with respect to any taxable year, the Federal short-term rate (determined under section 1274(d) for the month in which or with which such taxable year ends) plus 7 percentage points. ‘‘(4) A
SSET BALANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The asset balance with re-spect to any active business activity referred to in paragraph (1) for any taxable year equals the taxpayer’s adjusted basis of any property de-scribed in section 1221(a)(2) which is used in connection with such activity as of the end of the taxable year (determined without regard to sections 168(k) and 179). ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION TO ACTIVITIES CARRIED ON  
THROUGH PARTNERSHIPS AND S CORPORATIONS .— In the case of any active business activity car-ried on through a partnership or S corporation, the taxpayer shall take into account such tax-payer’s distributive or pro rata share (as the case may be) of the asset balance with respect to such activity as determined with respect to such partnership or S corporation under subpara-graph (A) (applied by substituting ‘the partner-ship’s or S corporation’s adjusted basis’ for ‘the taxpayer’s adjusted basis’). ‘‘(g) R
EDUCED RATE FOR SMALL BUSINESSES  W
ITHNETACTIVE BUSINESS INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The tax imposed by section 1 shall be reduced by 3 percent of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the least of— ‘‘(i) qualified active business income, ‘‘(ii) taxable income reduced by net capital gain (as defined in section 1(h)(11)(A)), or ‘‘(iii) the 9-percent bracket threshold amount, over ‘‘(B) the excess (if any) of taxable income over the applicable threshold amount. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9308 November 15, 2017 
‘‘(2) P HASE-IN OF RATE REDUCTION .—In the case of any taxable year beginning before Janu-ary 1, 2022, paragraph (1) shall be applied by substituting for ‘3 percent’— ‘‘(A) in the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2020, ‘1 percent’, and ‘‘(B) in the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2019, and before January 1, 2022, ‘2 percent’. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED ACTIVE BUSINESS INCOME .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘qualified active business income’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) any net business income derived from any active business activity, over ‘‘(B) any net business loss derived from any active business activity. ‘‘(4) 9-
PERCENT BRACKET THRESHOLD  
AMOUNT .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘9-percent bracket threshold amount’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of a joint return or surviving spouse, $75,000, ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is the head of a household (as defined in section 2(b)), 
3⁄4of the amount in effect for the taxable year under subparagraph (A), and ‘‘(C) in the case of any other individual, 
1⁄2of the amount in effect for the taxable year under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(5) A
PPLICABLE THRESHOLD AMOUNT .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘applicable threshold amount’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of a joint return or surviving spouse, $150,000, ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is the head of a household (as defined in section 2(b)), 
3⁄4of the amount in effect for the taxable year under subparagraph (A), and ‘‘(C) in the case of any other individual, 
1⁄2of the amount in effect for the taxable year under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(6) E
STATES AND TRUSTS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any estate or trust. ‘‘(7) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, the dollar amounts in paragraphs (4)(A) and (5)(A) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under subsection (c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof. If any increase determined under the preceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100. ‘‘(h) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may issue such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the pur-poses of this section, including regulations or other guidance— ‘‘(1) which ensures that no amount is taken into account under subsection (f)(4) with respect to more than one activity, and ‘‘(2) which treats all specified service activities of the taxpayer as a single business activity for purposes of this section to the extent that such activities would be treated as a single employer under subsection (a) or (b) of section 52 or sub-section (m) or (o) of section 414. ‘‘(i) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in this title to section 1 shall be treated as including a ref-erence to this section unless the context of such reference clearly indicates otherwise.’’. (b) 25 P
ERCENT RATE FOR CERTAIN DIVIDENDS  
OFREALESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS AND CO-
OPERATIVES .—Section 1(h), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) 25 
PERCENT RATE FOR CERTAIN DIVIDENDS  
OF REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS AND CO -
OPERATIVES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, net capital gain (as defined in para-graph (11)) and unrecaptured section 1250 gain (as defined in paragraph (6)) shall each be in-creased by specified dividend income. ‘‘(B) SPECIFIED DIVIDEND INCOME .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘specified divi-dend income’ means— ‘‘(i) in the case of any dividend received from a real estate investment trust, the portion of such dividend which is neither— ‘‘(I) a capital gain dividend (as defined in sec-tion 852(b)(3)), nor ‘‘(II) taken into account in determining quali-fied dividend income (as defined in paragraph (11)), and ‘‘(ii) any dividend which is includible in gross income and which is received from an organiza-tion or corporation described in section 501(c)(12) or 1381(a).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for part I of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4. 25 percent maximum rate on business income of individuals.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. (e) T
RANSITION RULE.—In the case of any tax-able year which includes December 31, 2017, the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to such taxable year adjusted— (1) so as to apply with respect to the rates of tax in effect under section 1 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 with respect to such taxable year (and so as to achieve a 25 percent effective rate of tax on the business income (determined without regard to paragraph (2)) in the same manner as such amendment applies to taxable years beginning after such date with respect to the rates of tax in effect for such years), and (2) by reducing the amount of the reduction in tax (as otherwise determined under paragraph (1)) by the amount which bears the same propor-tion to the amount of such reduction as the number of days in the taxable year which are before January 1, 2018, bears to the number of days in the entire taxable year. 
SEC. 1005. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATED TO SIMPLIFICATION OF INDIVIDUAL INCOME TAX RATES. 
(a) A MENDMENTS RELATED TO MODIFICATION  
OFINFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— (1) Section 32(b)(2)(B)(ii)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2008’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2008’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (2) Section 32(j)(1)(B) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A)’’, (B) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and in-serting ‘‘for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’, and (C) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) of such section 1’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (3) Section 36B(b)(3)(A)(ii)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘consumer price index’’ and inserting ‘‘C-CPI-U (as defined in section 1(c))’’. (4) Section 41(e)(5)(C) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(C) C
OST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT DEFINED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The cost-of-living adjust-ment for any calendar year is the cost-of-living adjustment for such calendar year determined under section 1(c)(2)(A), by substituting ‘cal-endar year 1987’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE WHERE BASE PERIOD ENDS  
IN A CALENDAR YEAR OTHER THAN 1983 OR 1984 .— If the base period of any taxpayer does not end in 1983 or 1984, clause (i) shall be applied by substituting the calendar year in which such base period ends for 1987.’’. (5) Section 42(e)(3)(D)(ii) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year by substituting ‘calendar year 2008’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for such calendar year by substituting ‘calendar year 2008’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (6) Section 42(h)(3)(H)(i)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year by substituting ‘calendar year 2001’ for ‘cal-endar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for such cal-endar year by substituting ‘calendar year 2001’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (7) Section 45R(d)(3)(B)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2012’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for such calendar year, determined by substituting ‘‘calendar year 2012’’ for ‘‘calendar year 2016’’ in clause (ii) thereof’’’. (8) Section 125(i)(2) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for the cal-endar year in which the taxable year begins by substituting ‘calendar year 2012’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ in sub-paragraph (B) and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘$50’’ both places it appears in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘$100’’. (9) Section 162(o)(3) is amended by inserting ‘‘as in effect before enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’ after ‘‘section 1(f)(5)’’. (10) Section 220(g)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins by substituting ‘cal-endar year 1997’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in sub-paragraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 1997’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (11) Section 223(g)(1) is amended by striking all that follows subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined— ‘‘(i) by substituting for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof— ‘‘(I) except as provided in clause (ii), ‘cal-endar year 1997’, and ‘‘(II) in the case of each dollar amount in sub-section (c)(2)(A), ‘calendar year 2003’, and ‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘March 31’ for ‘August 31’ in paragraphs (5)(B) and (6)(B) of section 1(c). The Secretary shall publish the dollar amounts as adjusted under this subsection for taxable years beginning in any calendar year no later than June 1 of the preceding calendar year.’’. (12) Section 430(c)(7)(D)(vii)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2009’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2009’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (13) Section 512(d)(2)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1994’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by sub-stituting ‘calendar year 1994’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (14) Section 513(h)(2)(C)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins by substituting ‘calendar year 1987’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9309 November 15, 2017 
the taxable year begins, determined by sub-stituting ‘calendar year 1987’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (15) Section 831(b)(2)(D)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year by substituting ‘calendar year 2013’ for ‘cal-endar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for such cal-endar year by substituting ‘calendar year 2013’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (16) Section 877A(a)(3)(B)(i)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 2007’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by sub-stituting ‘calendar year 2007’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (17) Section 911(b)(2)(D)(ii)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘2004’ for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2004’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (18) Section 1274A(d)(2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any debt in-strument arising out of a sale or exchange dur-ing any calendar year after 2018, each adjusted dollar amount shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such adjusted dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(c)(2)(A) for such calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTED DOLLAR AMOUNTS .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘adjusted dol-lar amount’ means the dollar amounts in sub-sections (b) and (c), in each case as in effect for calendar year 2018. ‘‘(C) R
OUNDING .—Any increase under sub-paragraph (A) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100.’’. (19) Section 2010(c)(3)(B)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year by substituting ‘calendar year 2010’ for ‘cal-endar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for such cal-endar year, determined by substituting ‘cal-endar year 2010’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (20) Section 2032A(a)(3)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year by substituting ‘calendar year 1997’ for ‘cal-endar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for such cal-endar year, determined by substituting ‘cal-endar year 1997’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (21) Section 2503(b)(2)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year by substituting ‘calendar year 1997’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 1997’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (22) Section 4161(b)(2)(C)(i)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year, determined by substituting ‘2004’ for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 1(c)(2)(A) for such calendar year, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2004’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (23) Section 4261(e)(4)(A)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year by substituting the year before the last non-indexed year for ‘calendar year 1992’ in sub-paragraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for such calendar year, determined by substituting the year before the last nonindexed year for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) there-of’’. (24) Section 4980I(b)(3)(C)(v)(II) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A)’’, (B) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘clause (ii)’’, and (C) by striking ‘‘1992’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (25) Section 5000A(c)(3)(D)(ii) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A)’’, (B) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘clause (ii)’’, and (C) by striking ‘‘1992’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (26) Section 6039F(d) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3), except that subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A), ex-cept that clause (ii) thereof’’. (27) Section 6323(i)(4)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 1996’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) there-of’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for the cal-endar year, determined by substituting ‘cal-endar year 1996’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (28) Section 6334(g)(1)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year, by substituting ‘calendar year 1998’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for such calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 1999’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) there-of’’. (29) Section 6601(j)(3)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year by substituting ‘calendar year 1997’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for such calendar year by substituting ‘calendar year 1997’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (30) Section 6651(i)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) determined by substituting ‘cal-endar year 2013’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in sub-paragraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2013’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (31) Section 6721(f)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A)’’, (B) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘clause (ii)’’, and (C) by striking ‘‘1992’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (32) Section 6722(f)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A)’’, (B) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘clause (ii)’’, and (C) by striking ‘‘1992’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (33) Section 6652(c)(7)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 1(f)(3) determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2013’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 1(c)(2)(A) determined by substituting ‘cal-endar year 2013’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (34) Section 6695(h)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) determined by substituting ‘cal-endar year 2013’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in sub-paragraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2013’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (35) Section 6698(e)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) determined by substituting ‘cal-endar year 2013’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in sub-paragraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2013’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (36) Section 6699(e)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) determined by substituting ‘cal-endar year 2013’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in sub-paragraph (B) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2013’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (37) Section 7345(f)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) there-of’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for the cal-endar year, determined by substituting ‘cal-endar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (38) Section 7430(c)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year, by sub-stituting ‘calendar year 1995’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ in the flush text at the end and inserting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for such calendar year, determined by sub-stituting ‘calendar year 1995’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (39) Section 7872(g)(5) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any loan made during any calendar year after 2018 to which paragraph (1) applies, the adjusted dollar amount shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such adjusted dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(c)(2)(A) for such calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTED DOLLAR AMOUNT .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘adjusted dol-lar amount’ means the dollar amount in para-graph (2) as in effect for calendar year 2018. ‘‘(C) R
OUNDING .—Any increase under sub-paragraph (A) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100.’’. (40) Section 219(b)(5)(C)(i)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2007’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2007’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (41) Section 219(g)(8)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2005’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2005’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof’’. (b) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 36B(b)(3)(B)(ii)(I)(aa) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(aa) who is described in section 1(b)(1)(B) and who does not have any dependents for the taxable year,’’. (2) Section 486B(b)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘maximum rate in effect’’ and inserting ‘‘highest rate specified’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘section 1(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1’’. (3) Section 511(b)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1’’. (4) Section 641(a) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 1(e) shall apply to the taxable income’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1 shall apply to the taxable income’’. (5) Section 641(c)(2)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) Except to the extent provided in section 1(h), the rate of tax shall be treated as being the highest rate of tax set forth in section 1(a).’’. (6) Section 646(b) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(b) T
AXATION OF INCOME OF TRUST.—Except as provided in subsection (f)(1)(B)(ii), there is hereby imposed on the taxable income of an electing Settlement Trust a tax at the rate speci-fied in section 1(a)(1). Such tax shall be in lieu of the income tax otherwise imposed by this chapter on such income.’’. (7) Section 685(c) is amended by striking ‘‘Sec-tion 1(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 1’’. (8) Section 904(b)(3)(E)(ii)(I) is amended by striking ‘‘set forth in subsection (a), (b), (c), (d), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9310 November 15, 2017 
or (e) of section 1 (whichever applies)’’ and in-serting ‘‘the highest rate of tax specified in sec-tion 1’’. (9) Section 1398(c)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (d) of’’. (10) Section 3402(p)(1)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘any percentage applicable to any of the 3 lowest income brackets in the table under sec-tion 1(c),’’ and inserting ‘‘12 percent, 25 per-cent,’’. (11) Section 3402(q)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘the product of third lowest rate of tax applica-ble under section 1(c) and’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent of’’. (12) Section 3402(r)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘the amount of tax which would be imposed by section 1(c) (determined without regard to any rate of tax in excess of the fourth lowest rate of tax applicable under section 1(c)) on an amount of taxable income equal to’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount equal to the product of 25 percent multi-plied by’’. (13) Section 3406(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘the product of the fourth lowest rate of tax ap-plicable under section 1(c) and’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent of’’. (14) Section 6103(e)(1)(A)(iii) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act)’’ after ‘‘section 1(g)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. Subtitle B—Simplification and Reform of Family and Individual Tax Credits 
SEC. 1101. ENHANCEMENT OF CHILD TAX CREDIT AND NEW FAMILY TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NCREASE IN CREDIT AMOUNT AND ADDI-
TION OF OTHER DEPENDENTS .— (1) I
NGENERAL .—Section 24(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) A
LLOWANCE OF CREDIT .—There shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(1) with respect to each qualifying child of the taxpayer, $1,600, and ‘‘(2) for taxable years beginning before Janu-ary 1, 2023, with respect to the taxpayer (each spouse in the case of a joint return) and each dependent of the taxpayer to whom paragraph (1) does not apply, $300.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 24(c) is amended— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively, (ii) by striking ‘‘152(c)’’ in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated) and inserting ‘‘7706(c)’’, (iii) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so redesignated) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) D
EPENDENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘dependent’ shall have the meaning given such term by section 7706. ‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN INDIVIDUALS NOT TREATED AS  
DEPENDENTS .—In the case of an individual with respect to whom a credit under this section is al-lowable to another taxpayer for a taxable year beginning in the calendar year in which the in-dividual’s taxable year begins, the amount ap-plicable to such individual under subsection (a) for such individual’s taxable year shall be zero.’’, (iv) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (I) by striking ‘‘term ‘qualifying child’’’ and inserting ‘‘terms ‘qualifying child’ and ‘depend-ent’’’, and (II) by striking ‘‘152(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘7706(b)(3)’’, and (v) in the heading by striking ‘‘Q
UALIFYING ’’ and inserting ‘‘D
EPENDENT ; QUALIFYING ’’. (B) The heading for section 24 is amended by inserting ‘‘
AND FAMILY ’’ after ‘‘ CHILD ’’. (C) The table of sections for subpart A of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 24 and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 24. Child and family tax credit.’’. (b) ELIMINATION OF MARRIAGE PENALTY .— Section 24(b)(2) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$110,000’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘$230,000’’, (2) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-graph (A), (3) by striking ‘‘$75,000 in the case of an indi-vidual who is not married’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘one-half of the amount in effect under sub-paragraph (A) for the taxable year in the case of any other individual.’’. (c) C
REDIT REFUNDABLE UP TO $1,000 P ER C
HILD.— (1) I
NGENERAL .—Section 24(d)(1)(A) is amend-ed by striking all that follows ‘‘under this sec-tion’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘deter-mined— ‘‘(i) without regard to this subsection and the limitation under section 26(a), ‘‘(ii) without regard to subsection (a)(2), and ‘‘(iii) by substituting ‘$1,000’ for ‘$1,600’ in subsection (a)(1), or’’. (2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—Section 24(d) is amended by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning in a calendar year after 2017, the $1,000 amount in paragraph (1)(A)(iii) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment under sec-tion 1(c)(2)(A) for such calendar year. Any increase determined under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the next highest multiple of $100 and shall not exceed the amount in effect under subsection (a)(2).’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1102. REPEAL OF NONREFUNDABLE CRED-ITS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SECTION 22.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subpart A of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 22 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .— (A) Section 86(f) is amended by striking para-graph (1) and by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), re-spectively. (B)(i) Subsections (c)(3)(B) and (d)(4)(A) of section 7706, as redesignated by this Act, are each amended by striking ‘‘(as defined in sec-tion 22(e)(3)’’. (ii) Section 7706(f), as redesignated by this Act, is amended by redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (8) and by inserting after para-graph (6) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) P
ERMANENT AND TOTAL DISABILITY DE -
FINED .—An individual is permanently and to-tally disabled if he is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental im-pairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. An individual shall not be considered to be permanently and totally disabled unless he furnishes proof of the existence thereof in such form and manner, and at such times, as the Sec-retary may require.’’. (iii) Section 415(c)(3)(C)(i) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘22(e)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘7706(f)(7)’’. (iv) Section 422(c)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘22(e)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘7706(f)(7)’’. (b) T
ERMINATION OF SECTION 25.—Section 25, as amended by section 3601, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(k) T
ERMINATION .—No credit shall be al-lowed under this section with respect to any mortgage credit certificate issued after December 31, 2017.’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF SECTION 30D.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subpart B of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 30D (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 38(b) is amended by striking para-graph (35). (B) Section 1016(a) is amended by striking paragraph (37). (C) Section 6501(m) is amended by striking ‘‘30D(e)(4),’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graphs (2) and (3), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2017. (2) S
UBSECTION (b).—The amendment made by subsection (c) shall apply to taxable years end-ing after December 31, 2017. (3) S
UBSECTION (c).—The amendments made by subsection (d) shall apply to vehicles placed in service in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1103. REFUNDABLE CREDIT PROGRAM IN-TEGRITY. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR CHILD 
ANDFAMILY TAXCREDIT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 24(e) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) I
DENTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR QUALIFYING CHILD .— No credit shall be allowed under this section to a taxpayer with respect to any qualifying child unless the taxpayer includes the name and so-cial security number of such qualifying child on the return of tax for the taxable year. The pre-ceding sentence shall not prevent a qualifying child from being treated as a dependent de-scribed in subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(2) O
THER IDENTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— No credit shall be allowed under this section with respect to any individual unless the tax-payer identification number of such individual is included on the return of tax for the taxable year and such identifying number was issued before the due date for filing the return for the taxable year. ‘‘(3) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘social security num-ber’ means a social security number issued by the Social Security Administration (but only if the social security number is issued to a citizen of the United States or pursuant to subclause (I) (or that portion of subclause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the So-cial Security Act)).’’. (2) O
MISSIONS TREATED AS MATHEMATICAL OR  
CLERICAL ERROR .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 6213(g)(2)(I) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(I) an omission of a correct social security number, or a correct TIN, required under section 24(e) (relating to child tax credit), to be included on a return,’’. (b) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER MUSTBEPRO-
VIDED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 25A(f)(1)(A), as amended by section 1201 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘taxpayer identification number’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘social secu-rity number’’. (2) O
MISSION TREATED AS MATHEMATICAL OR  
CLERICAL ERROR .—Section 6213(g)(2)(J) is amended by striking ‘‘TIN’’ and inserting ‘‘so-cial security number and employer identification number’’. (c) I
NDIVIDUALS PROHIBITED FROM ENGAGING  
INEMPLOYMENT IN UNITED STATES NOTELIGI-
BLE FOR EARNED INCOME TAXCREDIT .—Section 32(m) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(other than:’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘of the Social Security Act)’’, and (2) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, but only if, in the case of sub-section (c)(1)(E), the social security number is issued to a citizen of the United States or pursu-ant to subclause (I) (or that portion of subclause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9311 November 15, 2017 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1104. PROCEDURES TO REDUCE IMPROPER CLAIMS OF EARNED INCOME CREDIT. 
(a) C LARIFICATION REGARDING DETERMINA -
TION OF SELF-EMPLOYMENT INCOME WHICH IS T
REATED AS EARNED INCOME .—Section 32(c)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (v), by striking the period at the end of clause (vi) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(vii) in determining the taxpayer’s net earn-ings from self-employment under subparagraph (A)(ii) there shall not fail to be taken into ac-count any deduction which is allowable to the taxpayer under this subtitle.’’. (b) R
EQUIRED QUARTERLY REPORTING OF  W
AGES OF EMPLOYEES .—Section 6011 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(i) E
MPLOYER REPORTING OF WAGES.—Every person required to deduct and withhold from an employee a tax under section 3101 or 3402 shall include on each return or statement submitted with respect to such tax, the name and address of such employee and the amount of wages for such employee on which such tax was with-held.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary of the Treas-ury, or his designee, may delay the application of the amendment made by subsection (b) for such period as such Secretary (or designee) de-termines to be reasonable to allow persons ade-quate time to modify electronic (or other) sys-tems to permit such person to comply with the requirements of such amendment. 
SEC. 1105. CERTAIN INCOME DISALLOWED FOR PURPOSES OF THE EARNED INCOME TAX CREDIT. 
(a) S UBSTANTIATION REQUIREMENT .—Section 32 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(n) I
NCONSISTENT INCOME REPORTING .—If the earned income of a taxpayer claimed on a return for purposes of this section is not substantiated by statements or returns under sections 6051, 6052, 6041(a), or 6050W with respect to such tax-payer, the Secretary may require such taxpayer to provide books and records to substantiate such income, including for the purpose of pre-venting fraud.’’. (b) E
XCLUSION OF UNSUBSTANTIATED AMOUNT  F
ROM EARNED INCOME .—Section 32(c)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) E
XCLUSION .—In the case of a taxpayer with respect to which there is an inconsistency described in subsection (n) who fails to substan-tiate such inconsistency to the satisfaction of the Secretary, the term ‘earned income’ shall not include amounts to the extent of such inconsist-ency.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years end-ing after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle C—Simplification and Reform of Education Incentives 
SEC. 1201. AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 25A is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 25A. AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY TAX CREDIT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(1) 100 percent of so much of the qualified tuition and related expenses paid by the tax-payer during the taxable year (for education furnished to any eligible student for whom an election is in effect under this section for such taxable year during any academic period begin-ning in such taxable year) as does not exceed $2,000, plus ‘‘(2) 25 percent of so much of such expenses so paid as exceeds the dollar amount in effect under paragraph (1) but does not exceed twice such dollar amount. ‘‘(b) PORTION OF CREDIT REFUNDABLE .—40 percent of the credit allowable under subsection (a)(1) (determined without regard to this sub-section and section 26(a) and after application of all other provisions of this section) shall be treated as a credit allowable under subpart C (and not under this part). The preceding sen-tence shall not apply to any taxpayer for any taxable year if such taxpayer is a child to whom section 1(d) applies for such taxable year. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION BASED ON MODIFIED AD-
JUSTED GROSS INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount allowable as a credit under subsection (a) for any taxable year shall be reduced (but not below zero) by an amount which bears the same ratio to the amount so allowable (determined without regard to this subsection and subsection (b) but after application of all other provisions of this sec-tion) as— ‘‘(A) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the taxpayer’s modified adjusted gross in-come for such taxable year, over ‘‘(ii) $80,000 (twice such amount in the case of a joint return), bears to ‘‘(B) $10,000 (twice such amount in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘modified adjusted gross income’ means the adjusted gross income of the taxpayer for the taxable year in-creased by any amount excluded from gross in-come under section 911, 931, or 933. ‘‘(d) O
THER LIMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
REDIT ALLOWED ONLY FOR 5 TAXABLE  
YEARS .—An election to have this section apply may not be made for any taxable year if such an election (by the taxpayer or any other indi-vidual) is in effect with respect to such student for any 5 prior taxable years. ‘‘(2) C
REDIT ALLOWED ONLY FOR FIRST 5 YEARS  
OF POSTSECONDARY EDUCATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—No credit shall be allowed under subsection (a) for a taxable year with re-spect to the qualified tuition and related ex-penses of an eligible student if the student has completed (before the beginning of such taxable year) the first 5 years of postsecondary edu-cation at an eligible educational institution. ‘‘(B) F
IFTH YEAR LIMITATIONS .—In the case of an eligible student with respect to whom an election has been in effect for 4 preceding tax-able years for purposes of the fifth taxable year— ‘‘(i) the amount of the credit allowed under this section for the taxable year shall not exceed an amount equal to 50 percent of the credit oth-erwise determined with respect to such student under this section (without regard to this sub-paragraph), and ‘‘(ii) the amount of the credit determined under subsection (b) and allowable under sub-part C shall not exceed an amount equal to 40 percent of the amount determined with respect to such student under clause (i). ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE STUDENT .— The term ‘eligible student’ means, with respect to any academic period, a student who— ‘‘(A) meets the requirements of section 484(a)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1091(a)(1)), as in effect on August 5, 1997, and ‘‘(B) is carrying at least 
1⁄2the normal full- time work load for the course of study the stu-dent is pursuing. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED TUITION AND RELATED EX -
PENSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified tuition and related expenses’ means tuition, fees, and course materials, required for enrollment or at-tendance of— ‘‘(i) the taxpayer, ‘‘(ii) the taxpayer’s spouse, or ‘‘(iii) any dependent of the taxpayer, at an eligible educational institution for courses of instruction of such individual at such institu-tion. ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION FOR EDUCATION INVOLVING  
SPORTS , ETC.—Such term does not include ex-penses with respect to any course or other edu-cation involving sports, games, or hobbies, un-less such course or other education is part of the individual’s degree program. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION FOR NONACADEMIC FEES .— Such term does not include student activity fees, athletic fees, insurance expenses, or other ex-penses unrelated to an individual’s academic course of instruction. ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION .— The term ‘eligible educational institution’ means an institution— ‘‘(A) which is described in section 481 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1088), as in effect on August 5, 1997, and ‘‘(B) which is eligible to participate in a pro-gram under title IV of such Act. ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULES.— ‘‘(1) I
DENTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) S
TUDENT .—No credit shall be allowed under subsection (a) to a taxpayer with respect to the qualified tuition and related expenses of an individual unless the taxpayer includes the name and taxpayer identification number of such individual on the return of tax for the tax-able year, and such taxpayer identification number was issued on or before the due date for filing such return. ‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER .—No credit shall be allowed under this section if the identifying number of the taxpayer was issued after the due date for filing the return for the taxable year. ‘‘(C) I
NSTITUTION .—No credit shall be allowed under this section unless the taxpayer includes the employer identification number of any insti-tution to which qualified tuition and related ex-penses were paid with respect to the individual. ‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENT FOR CERTAIN SCHOLARSHIPS , 
ETC.—The amount of qualified tuition and re-lated expenses otherwise taken into account under subsection (a) with respect to an indi-vidual for an academic period shall be reduced (before the application of subsection (c)) by the sum of any amounts paid for the benefit of such individual which are allocable to such period as— ‘‘(A) a qualified scholarship which is exclud-able from gross income under section 117, ‘‘(B) an educational assistance allowance under chapter 30, 31, 32, 34, or 35 of title 38, United States Code, or under chapter 1606 of title 10, United States Code, and ‘‘(C) a payment (other than a gift, bequest, devise, or inheritance within the meaning of sec-tion 102(a)) for such individual’s educational expenses, or attributable to such individual’s enrollment at an eligible educational institution, which is excludable from gross income under any law of the United States. ‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF EXPENSES PAID BY DE -
PENDENT .—If an individual is a dependent of another taxpayer for a taxable year beginning in the calendar year in which such individuals taxable year begins— ‘‘(A) no credit shall be allowed under sub-section (a) to such individual for such individ-ual’s taxable year, and ‘‘(B) qualified tuition and related expenses paid by such individual during such individ-ual’s taxable year shall be treated for purposes of this section as paid by such other taxpayer. ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN PREPAYMENTS .— If qualified tuition and related expenses are paid by the taxpayer during a taxable year for an academic period which begins during the first 3 months following such taxable year, such academic period shall be treated for purposes of this section as beginning during such taxable year. ‘‘(5) D
ENIAL OF DOUBLE BENEFIT .—No credit shall be allowed under this section for any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9312 November 15, 2017 
amount for which a deduction is allowed under any other provision of this chapter. ‘‘(6) N
O CREDIT FOR MARRIED INDIVIDUALS FIL -
ING SEPARATE RETURNS .—If the taxpayer is a married individual (within the meaning of sec-tion 7703), this section shall apply only if the taxpayer and the taxpayer’s spouse file a joint return for the taxable year. ‘‘(7) N
ONRESIDENT ALIENS .—If the taxpayer is a nonresident alien individual for any portion of the taxable year, this section shall apply only if such individual is treated as a resident alien of the United States for purposes of this chapter by reason of an election under subsection (g) or (h) of section 6013. ‘‘(8) R
ESTRICTIONS ON TAXPAYERS WHO IM -
PROPERLY CLAIMED CREDIT IN PRIOR YEAR .— ‘‘(A) T
AXPAYERS MAKING PRIOR FRAUDULENT  
OR RECKLESS CLAIMS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—No credit shall be allowed under this section for any taxable year in the disallowance period. ‘‘(ii) D
ISALLOWANCE PERIOD .—For purposes of clause (i), the disallowance period is— ‘‘(I) the period of 10 taxable years after the most recent taxable year for which there was a final determination that the taxpayer’s claim of credit under this section was due to fraud, and ‘‘(II) the period of 2 taxable years after the most recent taxable year for which there was a final determination that the taxpayer’s claim of credit under this section was due to reckless or intentional disregard of rules and regulations (but not due to fraud). ‘‘(B) T
AXPAYERS MAKING IMPROPER PRIOR  
CLAIMS .—In the case of a taxpayer who is de-nied credit under this section for any taxable year as a result of the deficiency procedures under subchapter B of chapter 63, no credit shall be allowed under this section for any sub-sequent taxable year unless the taxpayer pro-vides such information as the Secretary may re-quire to demonstrate eligibility for such credit. ‘‘(g) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2018, the $80,000 amount in subsection (c)(1)(A)(ii) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof. ‘‘(2) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted under paragraph (1) is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $1,000. ‘‘(h) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may pre-scribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out this section, including regulations providing for a recapture of the credit allowed under this sec-tion in cases where there is a refund in a subse-quent taxable year of any amount which was taken into account in determining the amount of such credit.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 72(t)(7)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘section 25A(g)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 25A(f)(2)’’. (2) Section 529(c)(3)(B)(v)(I) is amended by striking ‘‘section 25A(g)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 25A(f)(2)’’. (3) Section 529(e)(3)(B)(i) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 25A(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 25A(d)’’. (4) Section 530(d)(2)(C) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 25A(g)(2)’’ in clause (i)(I) and inserting ‘‘section 25A(f)(2)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘H
OPE AND LIFETIME LEARNING  
CREDITS ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘A MER-
ICAN OPPORTUNITY TAX CREDIT ’’. (5) Section 530(d)(4)(B)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 25A(g)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 25A(d)(4)(B)’’. (6) Section 6050S(e) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (g)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)(2)’’. (7) Section 6211(b)(4)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subsection (i)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (b)’’. (8) Section 6213(g)(2)(J) is amended by striking ‘‘TIN required under section 25A(g)(1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘TIN, and employer identification num-ber, required under section 25A(f)(1)’’. (9) Section 6213(g)(2)(Q) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(Q) an omission of information required by section 25A(f)(8)(B) or an entry on the return claiming the credit determined under section 25A(a) for a taxable year for which the credit is disallowed under section 25A(f)(8)(A).’’. (10) Section 1004(c) of division B of the Amer-ican Recovery and Reinvestment Tax Act of 2009 is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 25A(i)(6)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 25A(b)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘with respect to taxable years beginning after 2008 and before 2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘with respect to each taxable year’’, (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Section 25A(i)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 25A(b)’’, and (C) in paragraph (3)(C), by striking ‘‘sub-section (i)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’. (11) The table of sections for subpart A of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 25A and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 25A. American opportunity tax credit.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1202. CONSOLIDATION OF EDUCATION SAV-INGS RULES. 
(a) N ONEWCONTRIBUTIONS TO COVERDELL  E
DUCATION SAVINGS ACCOUNT .—Section 530(b)(1)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) Except in the case of rollover contribu-tions, no contribution will be accepted after De-cember 31, 2017.’’. (b) L
IMITED DISTRIBUTION ALLOWED FOR ELE-
MENTARY AND SECONDARY TUITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 529(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF ELEMENTARY AND SEC -
ONDARY TUITION .—Any reference in this sub-section to the term ‘qualified higher education expense’ shall include a reference to expenses for tuition in connection with enrollment at an elementary or secondary school.’’. (2) L
IMITATION .—Section 529(e)(3)(A) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The amount of cash distributions from all qualified tuition programs described in sub-section (b)(1)(A)(ii) with respect to a beneficiary during any taxable year, shall, in the aggregate, include not more than $10,000 in expenses for tuition incurred during the taxable year in con-nection with the enrollment or attendance of the beneficiary as an elementary or secondary school student at a public, private, or religious school.’’. (c) R
OLLOVERS TO QUALIFIED TUITION PRO-
GRAMS PERMITTED .—Section 530(d)(5) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘, or into (by purchase or con-tribution) a qualified tuition program (as de-fined in section 529),’’ after ‘‘into another Coverdell education savings account’’. (d) D
ISTRIBUTIONS FROM QUALIFIED TUITION  P
ROGRAMS FOR CERTAIN EXPENSES ASSOCIATED  W
ITHREGISTERED APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS .— Section 529(e)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) C
ERTAIN EXPENSES ASSOCIATED WITH REG -
ISTERED APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS .—The term ‘qualified higher education expenses’ shall in-clude books, supplies, and equipment required for the enrollment or attendance of a designated beneficiary in an apprenticeship program reg-istered and certified with the Secretary of Labor under section 1 of the National Apprenticeship Act (29 U.S.C. 50).’’. (e) U
NBORN CHILDREN ALLOWED AS ACCOUNT  B
ENEFICIARIES .—Section 529(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) TREATMENT OF UNBORN CHILDREN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing shall prevent an unborn child from being treated as a designated beneficiary or an individual under this section. ‘‘(B) U
NBORN CHILD .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘unborn child’ means a child in utero. ‘‘(ii) C
HILD IN UTERO .—The term ‘child in utero’ means a member of the species homo sapi-ens, at any stage of development, who is carried in the womb.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to contributions made after December 31, 2017. (2) R
OLLOVERS TO QUALIFIED TUITION PRO -
GRAMS .—The amendments made by subsection (b) shall apply to distributions after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1203. REFORMS TO DISCHARGE OF CERTAIN STUDENT LOAN INDEBTEDNESS. 
(a) T REATMENT OF STUDENT LOANS DIS-
CHARGED ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH OR DIS-
ABILITY .—Section 108(f) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) D
ISCHARGES ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH OR  
DISABILITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual, gross income does not include any amount which (but for this subsection) would be includible in gross income by reasons of the dis-charge (in whole or in part) of any loan de-scribed in subparagraph (B) if such discharge was— ‘‘(i) pursuant to subsection (a) or (d) of sec-tion 437 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 or the parallel benefit under part D of title IV of such Act (relating to the repayment of loan li-ability), ‘‘(ii) pursuant to section 464(c)(1)(F) of such Act, or ‘‘(iii) otherwise discharged on account of the death or total and permanent disability of the student. ‘‘(B) L
OANS DESCRIBED .—A loan is described in this subparagraph if such loan is— ‘‘(i) a student loan (as defined in paragraph (2)), or ‘‘(ii) a private education loan (as defined in section 140(7) of the Consumer Credit Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 1650(7))).’’. (b) E
XCLUSION FROM GROSS INCOME FOR PAY-
MENTS MADE UNDER INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE  L
OANREPAYMENT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 108(f)(4) is amended by inserting ‘‘under section 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act,’’ after ‘‘338I of such Act,’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The heading for section 108(f)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘
AND 
CERTAIN ’’ and inserting ‘‘, INDIAN HEALTH SERV -
ICE LOAN REPAYMENT PROGRAM , AND CERTAIN ’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) S
UBSECTION (a).—The amendment made by subsection (a)(1) shall apply to discharges of in-debtedness after December 31, 2017. (2) S
UBSECTION (b).—The amendments made by subsection (b) shall apply to amounts re-ceived in taxable years beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1204. REPEAL OF OTHER PROVISIONS RE-LATING TO EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended— (1) in part VII by striking sections 221 and 222 (and by striking the items relating to such sec-tions in the table of sections for such part), (2) in part VII by striking sections 135 and 127 (and by striking the items relating to such sec-tions in the table of sections for such part), and (3) by striking subsection (d) of section 117. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT RELATING TO  S
ECTION 221.— (1) Section 62(a) is amended by striking para-graph (17). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9313 November 15, 2017 
(2) Section 74(d) is amended by striking ‘‘221,’’. (3) Section 86(b)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘221,’’. (4) Section 219(g)(3)(A)(ii) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘221,’’. (5) Section 163(h)(2) is amended by striking subparagraph (F). (6) Section 6050S(a) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (1), (B) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (2), and (C) by striking paragraph (3). (7) Section 6050S(e) is amended by striking all that follows ‘‘thereof)’’ and inserting a period. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATED TO  S
ECTION 222.— (1) Section 62(a) is amended by striking para-graph (18). (2) Section 74(d)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘222,’’. (3) Section 86(b)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘222,’’. (4) Section 219(g)(3)(A)(ii) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘222,’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  S
ECTION 127.— (1) Section 125(f)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘127,’’. (2) Section 132(j)(8) is amended by striking ‘‘which are not excludable from gross income under section 127’’. (3) Section 414(n)(3)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘127,’’. (4) Section 414(t)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘127,’’. (5) Section 3121(a)(18) is amended by striking ‘‘127,’’. (6) Section 3231(e) is amended by striking paragraph (6). (7) Section 3306(b)(13) is amended by ‘‘127,’’. (8) Section 3401(a)(18) is amended by striking ‘‘127,’’. (9) Section 6039D(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘, 127’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  S
ECTION 117(d).— (1) Section 117(c)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘subsections (a) and (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘or qualified tuition reduc-tion’’. (2) Section 414(n)(3)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘117(d),’’. (3) Section 414(t)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘117(d),’’. (f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATED TO  S
ECTION 135.— (1) Section 74(d)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘135,’’. (2) Section 86(b)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘135,’’. (3) Section 219(g)(3)(A)(ii) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘135,’’. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) A
MENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  117(d).—The amendments made by subsections (a)(3) and (e) shall apply to amounts paid or in-curred after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1205. ROLLOVERS BETWEEN QUALIFIED TUI-TION PROGRAMS AND QUALIFIED ABLE PROGRAMS. 
(a) R OLLOVERS FROM QUALIFIED TUITION  P
ROGRAMS TO QUALIFIED ABLE P ROGRAMS .— Section 529(c)(3)(C)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subclause (I), by striking the period at the end of subclause (II) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(III) to an ABLE account (as defined in sec-tion 529A(e)(6)) of the designated beneficiary or a member of the family of the designated bene-ficiary. Subclause (III) shall not apply to so much of a distribution which, when added to all other con-tributions made to the ABLE account for the taxable year, exceeds the limitation under sec-tion 529A(b)(2)(B).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distributions after December 31, 2017. Subtitle D—Simplification and Reform of Deductions 
SEC. 1301. REPEAL OF OVERALL LIMITATION ON ITEMIZED DEDUCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part 1 of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 68 (and the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1302. MORTGAGE INTEREST. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF LIMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 163(h)(3) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED RESIDENCE INTEREST .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified resi-dence interest’ means any interest which is paid or accrued during the taxable year on indebted-ness which— ‘‘(i) is incurred in acquiring, constructing, or substantially improving any qualified residence (determined as of the time the interest is ac-crued) of the taxpayer, and ‘‘(ii) is secured by such residence. Such term also includes interest on any indebt-edness secured by such residence resulting from the refinancing of indebtedness meeting the re-quirements of the preceding sentence (or this sentence); but only to the extent the amount of the indebtedness resulting from such refi-nancing does not exceed the amount of the refi-nanced indebtedness. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The aggregate amount of indebtedness taken into account under subpara-graph (A) for any period shall not exceed $500,000 (half of such amount in the case of a married individual filing a separate return). ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF INDEBTEDNESS INCURRED  
ON OR BEFORE NOVEMBER 2 , 2017.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any pre-No-vember 2, 2017, indebtedness, this paragraph shall apply as in effect immediately before the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. ‘‘(ii) P
RE-NOVEMBER 2 , 2017, INDEBTEDNESS .— For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘pre-November 2, 2017, indebtedness’ means— ‘‘(I) any principal residence acquisition in-debtedness which was incurred on or before No-vember 2, 2017, or ‘‘(II) any principal residence acquisition in-debtedness which is incurred after November 2, 2017, to refinance indebtedness described in clause (i) (or refinanced indebtedness meeting the requirements of this clause) to the extent (immediately after the refinancing) the principal amount of the indebtedness resulting from the refinancing does not exceed the principal amount of the refinanced indebtedness (imme-diately before the refinancing). ‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION ON PERIOD OF REFI -
NANCING .—clause (ii)(II) shall not apply to any indebtedness after— ‘‘(I) the expiration of the term of the original indebtedness, or ‘‘(II) if the principal of such original indebt-edness is not amortized over its term, the expira-tion of the term of the 1st refinancing of such indebtedness (or if earlier, the date which is 30 years after the date of such 1st refinancing). ‘‘(iv) B
INDING CONTRACT EXCEPTION .—In the case of a taxpayer who enters into a written binding contract before November 2, 2017, to close on the purchase of a principal residence before January 1, 2018, and who purchases such residence before April 1, 2018, subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall be applied by substituting ‘April 1, 2018’ for ‘November 2, 2017’.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 108(h)(2) is by striking ‘‘for ‘$1,000,000 ($500,000’ in clause (ii) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘$500,000 ($250,000’ in paragraph (2)(A), and ‘$1,000,000’ for ‘$500,000’ in para-graph (2)(B), thereof’’. (B) Section 163(h) is amended by striking sub-paragraphs (E) and (F) in paragraph (4). (b) T
AXPAYERS LIMITED TO 1 QUALIFIED RESI-
DENCE .—Section 163(h)(4)(A)(i) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified resi-dence’ means the principal residence (within the meaning of section 121) of the taxpayer.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to interest paid or ac-crued in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, with respect to indebtedness incurred before, on, or after such date. (2) T
REATMENT OF GRANDFATHERED INDEBTED -
NESS.—For application of the amendments made by this section to grandfathered indebtedness, see paragraph (3)(C) of section 163(h) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by this section. 
SEC. 1303. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR CERTAIN TAXES NOT PAID OR ACCRUED IN A TRADE OR BUSINESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 164(b)(5) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) L
IMITATION IN CASE OF INDIVIDUALS .—In the case of a taxpayer other than a corpora-tion— ‘‘(A) foreign real property taxes (other than taxes which are paid or accrued in carrying on a trade or business or an activity described in section 212) shall not be taken into account under subsection (a)(1), ‘‘(B) the aggregate amount of taxes (other than taxes which are paid or accrued in car-rying on a trade or business or an activity de-scribed in section 212) taken into account under subsection (a)(1) for any taxable year shall not exceed $10,000 ($5,000 in the case of a married individual filing a separate return), ‘‘(C) subsection (a)(2) shall only apply to taxes which are paid or accrued in carrying on a trade or business or an activity described in section 212, and ‘‘(D) subsection (a)(3) shall not apply to State and local taxes.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1304. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR PER-SONAL CASUALTY LOSSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 165(c) is amended by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting a period, and by striking para-graph (3). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 165(h) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULE WHERE PERSONAL CAS-
UALTY GAINS EXCEED PERSONAL CASUALTY  L
OSSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the personal casualty gains for any taxable year exceed the personal casualty losses for such taxable year— ‘‘(A) all such gains shall be treated as gains from sales or exchanges of capital assets, and ‘‘(B) all such losses shall be treated as losses from sales or exchanges of capital assets. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS OF PERSONAL CASUALTY GAIN  
AND PERSONAL CASUALTY LOSS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) P
ERSONAL CASUALTY LOSS .—The term ‘personal casualty loss’ means any loss of prop-erty not connected with a trade or business or a transaction entered into for profit, if such loss arises from fire, storm, shipwreck, or other cas-ualty, or from theft. ‘‘(B) P
ERSONAL CASUALTY GAIN .—The term ‘personal casualty gain’ means the recognized gain from any involuntary conversion of prop-erty which is described in subparagraph (A) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9314 November 15, 2017 
arising from fire, storm, shipwreck, or other cas-ualty, or from theft.’’. (2) Section 165 is amended by striking sub-section (k). (3)(A) Section 165(l)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘a loss described in subsection (c)(3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘an ordinary loss described in subsection (c)(2)’’. (B) Section 165(l) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (5), (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respectively, and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .— ‘‘(A) D
EPOSIT MAY NOT BE FEDERALLY IN -
SURED .—No election may be made under para-graph (1) with respect to any loss on a deposit in a qualified financial institution if part or all of such deposit is insured under Federal law. ‘‘(B) D
OLLAR LIMITATION .—With respect to each financial institution, the aggregate amount of losses attributable to deposits in such finan-cial institution to which an election under para-graph (1) may be made by the taxpayer for any taxable year shall not exceed $20,000 ($10,000 in the case of a separate return by a married indi-vidual). The limitation of the preceding sentence shall be reduced by the amount of any insur-ance proceeds under any State law which can reasonably be expected to be received with re-spect to losses on deposits in such institution.’’. (4) Section 172(b)(1)(E)(ii), prior to amendment under title III, is amended by striking subclause (I) and by redesignating subclauses (II) and (III) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively. (5) Section 172(d)(4)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (2) or (3) of section 165(c)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 165(c)(2)’’. (6) Section 274(f) is amended by striking ‘‘C
AS-
UALTY LOSSES ,’’ in the heading thereof. (7) Section 280A(b) is amended by striking ‘‘C
ASUALTY LOSSES ,’’ in the heading thereof. (8) Section 873(b), as amended by the pre-ceding provisions of this Act, is amended by striking paragraph (1) and by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (9) Section 504(b) of the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH TAX REFORM .—This subsection shall be applied without regard to the amendments made by section 1304 of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1305. LIMITATION ON WAGERING LOSSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 165(d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘losses from wagering transactions’ includes any deduction otherwise allowable under this chapter incurred in carrying on any wagering transaction.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1306. CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NCREASED LIMITATION FOR CASH CON-
TRIBUTIONS .—Section 170(b)(1) is amended by re-designating subparagraph (G) as subparagraph (H) and by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) I
NCREASED LIMITATION FOR CASH CON -
TRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any contribu-tion of cash to an organization described in sub-paragraph (A), the total amount of such con-tributions which may be taken into account under subsection (a) for any taxable year shall not exceed 60 percent of the taxpayer’s contribu-tion base for such year. ‘‘(ii) C
ARRYOVER .—If the aggregate amount of contributions described in clause (i) exceeds the applicable limitation under clause (i), such ex-cess shall be treated (in a manner consistent with the rules of subsection (d)(1)) as a chari-table contribution to which clause (i) applies in each of the 5 succeeding years in order of time. ‘‘(iii) COORDINATION WITH SUBPARAGRAPHS (A) 
AND(B).— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Contributions taken into account under this subparagraph shall not be taken into account under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(II) L
IMITATION REDUCTION .—Subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall be applied by reducing (but not below zero) the aggregate contribution limi-tation allowed for the taxable year under each such subparagraph by the aggregate contribu-tions allowed under this subparagraph for such taxable year.’’. (b) D
ENIAL OF DEDUCTION FOR COLLEGE ATH-
LETIC EVENT SEATING RIGHTS .—Section 170(l)(1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No deduction shall be al-lowed under this section for any amount de-scribed in paragraph (2).’’. (c) C
HARITABLE MILEAGE RATEADJUSTED FOR  I
NFLATION .—Section 170(i) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘shall be 14 cents per mile’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be a rate which takes into account the variable cost of operating an automobile’’. (d) R
EPEAL OF SUBSTANTIATION EXCEPTION IN  C
ASE OF CONTRIBUTIONS REPORTED BY DONEE.— Section 170(f)(8) is amended by striking subpara-graph (D) and by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (D). (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to contributions made in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1307. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR TAX PREPARATION EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 212 is amended by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting a period, and by striking paragraph (3). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1308. REPEAL OF MEDICAL EXPENSE DEDUC-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VII of subchapter B is amended by striking by striking section 213 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1)(A) Section 105(f) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(f) M
EDICAL CARE.—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘medical care’ means amounts paid— ‘‘(A) for the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treat-ment, or prevention of disease, or for the pur-pose of affecting any structure or function of the body, ‘‘(B) for transportation primarily for and es-sential to medical care referred to in subpara-graph (A), ‘‘(C) for qualified long-term care services (as defined in section 7702B(c)), or ‘‘(D) for insurance (including amounts paid as premiums under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act, relating to supplementary medical insurance for the aged) covering med-ical care referred to in subparagraphs (A) and (B) or for any qualified long-term care insur-ance contract (as defined in section 7702B(b)). In the case of a qualified long-term care insur-ance contract (as defined in section 7702B(b)), only eligible long-term care premiums (as de-fined in paragraph (7)) shall be taken into ac-count under subparagraph (D). ‘‘(2) A
MOUNTS PAID FOR CERTAIN LODGING  
AWAY FROM HOME TREATED AS PAID FOR MED -
ICAL CARE .—Amounts paid for lodging (not lav-ish or extravagant under the circumstances) while away from home primarily for and essen-tial to medical care referred to in paragraph (1)(A) shall be treated as amounts paid for med-ical care if— ‘‘(A) the medical care referred to in paragraph (1)(A) is provided by a physician in a licensed hospital (or in a medical care facility which is related to, or the equivalent of, a licensed hos-pital), and ‘‘(B) there is no significant element of per-sonal pleasure, recreation, or vacation in the travel away from home. The amount taken into account under the pre-ceding sentence shall not exceed $50 for each night for each individual. ‘‘(3) PHYSICIAN .—The term ‘physician’ has the meaning given to such term by section 1861(r) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(r)). ‘‘(4) C
ONTRACTS COVERING OTHER THAN MED -
ICAL CARE .—In the case of an insurance con-tract under which amounts are payable for other than medical care referred to in subpara-graphs (A), (B) and (C) of paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) no amount shall be treated as paid for insurance to which paragraph (1)(D) applies unless the charge for such insurance is either separately stated in the contract, or furnished to the policyholder by the insurance company in a separate statement, ‘‘(B) the amount taken into account as the amount paid for such insurance shall not exceed such charge, and ‘‘(C) no amount shall be treated as paid for such insurance if the amount specified in the contract (or furnished to the policyholder by the insurance company in a separate statement) as the charge for such insurance is unreasonably large in relation to the total charges under the contract. ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN PRE -PAID CONTRACTS .—Subject to the limitations of paragraph (4), premiums paid during the taxable year by a taxpayer be-fore he attains the age of 65 for insurance cov-ering medical care (within the meaning of sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (1)) for the taxpayer, his spouse, or a dependent after the taxpayer attains the age of 65 shall be treated as expenses paid during the taxable year for insurance which constitutes medical care if premiums for such insurance are payable (on a level payment basis) under the contract for a pe-riod of 10 years or more or until the year in which the taxpayer attains the age of 65 (but in no case for a period of less than 5 years). ‘‘(6) C
OSMETIC SURGERY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘medical care’ does not include cosmetic surgery or other simi-lar procedures, unless the surgery or procedure is necessary to ameliorate a deformity arising from, or directly related to, a congenital abnor-mality, a personal injury resulting from an acci-dent or trauma, or disfiguring disease. ‘‘(B) C
OSMETIC SURGERY DEFINED .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘cosmetic sur-gery’ means any procedure which is directed at improving the patient’s appearance and does not meaningfully promote the proper function of the body or prevent or treat illness or disease. ‘‘(7) E
LIGIBLE LONG -TERM CARE PREMIUMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘eligible long-term care premiums’ means the amount paid during a taxable year for any qualified long-term care insurance con-tract (as defined in section 7702B(b)) covering an individual, to the extent such amount does not exceed the limitation determined under the following table: 
‘‘In the case of an indi-vidual with an attained age before the close of the taxable year of: The limitation is: 
40 or less $200 
More than 40 but not more than 50 $375 
More than 50 but not more than 60 $750 
More than 60 but not more than 70 $2,000 
More than 70 $2,500 
‘‘(B) I NDEXING .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9315 November 15, 2017 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 1997, each dollar amount in subparagraph (A) shall be increased by the med-ical care cost adjustment of such amount for such calendar year. Any increase determined under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $10. ‘‘(ii) M
EDICAL CARE COST ADJUSTMENT .—For purposes of clause (i), the medical care cost ad-justment for any calendar year is the adjust-ment prescribed by the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, for purposes of such clause. To the ex-tent that CPI (as defined section 1(c)), or any component thereof, is taken into account in de-termining such adjustment, such adjustment shall be determined by taking into account C- CPI-U (as so defined), or the corresponding component thereof, in lieu of such CPI (or com-ponent thereof), but only with respect to the portion of such adjustment which relates to pe-riods after December 31, 2017. ‘‘(8) C
ERTAIN PAYMENTS TO RELATIVES TREAT -
ED AS NOT PAID FOR MEDICAL CARE .—An amount paid for a qualified long-term care service (as defined in section 7702B(c)) provided to an indi-vidual shall be treated as not paid for medical care if such service is provided— ‘‘(A) by the spouse of the individual or by a relative (directly or through a partnership, cor-poration, or other entity) unless the service is provided by a licensed professional with respect to such service, or ‘‘(B) by a corporation or partnership which is related (within the meaning of section 267(b) or 707(b)) to the individual. For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘rel-ative’ means an individual bearing a relation-ship to the individual which is described in any of subparagraphs (A) through (G) of section 7706(d)(2). This paragraph shall not apply for purposes of subsection (b) with respect to reim-bursements through insurance.’’. (B) Section 72(t)(2)(D)(i)(III) is amended by striking ‘‘section 213(d)(1)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 105(f)(1)(D)’’. (C) Section 104(a) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 213(d)(1)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘section 105(f)(1)’’. (D) Section 105(b) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 213(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 105(f)’’. (E) Section 139D is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 213’’ and inserting ‘‘section 223’’. (F) Section 162(l)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 213(d)(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 105(f)(7)’’. (G) Section 220(d)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 213(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 105(f)’’. (H) Section 223(d)(2)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 213(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 105(f)’’. (I) Section 419A(f)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 213(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 105(f)’’. (J) Section 501(c)(26)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 213(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 105(f)’’. (K) Section 2503(e) is amended by striking ‘‘section 213(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 105(f)’’. (L) Section 4980B(c)(4)(B)(i)(I) is amended by striking ‘‘section 213(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 105(f)’’. (M) Section 6041(f) is amended by striking ‘‘section 213(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 105(f)’’. (N) Section 7702B(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 213(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 105(f)’’. (O) Section 7702B(a)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘section 213(d)(1)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 105(f)(1)(D)’’. (P) Section 7702B(d)(5) is amended by striking ‘‘section 213(d)(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 105(f)(7)’’. (Q) Section 9832(d)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘section 213(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 105(f)’’. (2) Section 72(t)(2)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) M
EDICAL EXPENSES .—Distributions made to an individual (other than distributions de-scribed in subparagraph (A), (C), or (D) to the extent such distributions do not exceed the ex-cess of— ‘‘(i) the expenses paid by the taxpayer during the taxable year, not compensated for by insur-ance or otherwise, for medical care (as defined in 105(f)) of the taxpayer, his spouse, or a de-pendent (as defined in section 7706, determined without regard to subsections (b)(1), (b)(2), and (d)(1)(B) thereof), over ‘‘(ii) 10 percent of the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income.’’. (3) Section 162(l) is amended by striking para-graph (3). (4) Section 402(l) is amended by striking para-graph (7) and redesignating paragraph (8) as paragraph (7). (5) Section 220(f) is amended by striking para-graph (6). (6) Section 223(f) is amended by striking para-graph (6). (7) Section 7702B(e) is amended by striking paragraph (2). (8) Section 7706(f)(7), as redesignated by this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘sections 105(b), 132(h)(2)(B), and 213(d)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tions 105(b) and 132(h)(2)(B)’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1309. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR ALIMONY PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VII of subchapter B is amended by striking by striking section 215 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) C
ORRESPONDING REPEAL OF PROVISIONS  
PROVIDING FOR INCLUSION OF ALIMONY IN GROSS  
INCOME .— (A) Subsection (a) of section 61 is amended by striking paragraph (8) and by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (15) as paragraphs (8) through (14), respectively. (B) Part II of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 71 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (C) Subpart F of part I of subchapter J of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 682 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections for such subpart). (2) R
ELATED TO REPEAL OF SECTION 215.— (A) Section 62(a) is amended by striking para-graph (10). (B) Section 3402(m)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘(other than paragraph (10) thereof)’’. (3) R
ELATED TO REPEAL OF SECTION 71.— (A) Section 121(d)(3) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 71(b)(2))’’ in subparagraph (B), and (ii) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) D
IVORCE OR SEPARATION INSTRUMENT .— For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘di-vorce or separation instrument’ means— ‘‘(i) a decree of divorce or separate mainte-nance or a written instrument incident to such a decree, ‘‘(ii) a written separation agreement, or ‘‘(iii) a decree (not described in clause (i)) re-quiring a spouse to make payments for the sup-port or maintenance of the other spouse.’’. (B) Section 220(f)(7) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A) of section 71(b)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘clause (i) of section 121(d)(3)(C)’’. (C) Section 223(f)(7) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A) of section 71(b)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘clause (i) of section 121(d)(3)(C)’’. (D) Section 382(l)(3)(B)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 71(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 121(d)(3)(C)’’. (E) Section 408(d)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A) of section 71(b)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘clause (i) of section 121(d)(3)(C)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) any divorce or separation instrument (as defined in section 71(b)(2) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 as in effect before the date of the enactment of this Act) executed after Decem-ber 31, 2017, and (2) any divorce or separation instrument (as so defined) executed on or before such date and modified after such date if the modification ex-pressly provides that the amendments made by this section apply to such modification. SEC. 1310. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR MOVING EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VII of subchapter B is amended by striking by striking section 217 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (b) R
ETENTION OF MOVING EXPENSES FOR  M
EMBERS OF ARMED FORCES .—Section 134(b) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) M
OVING EXPENSES .—The term ‘qualified military benefit’ includes any benefit described in section 217(g) (as in effect before the enact-ment of the Tax Cuts And Jobs Act).’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 62(a) is amended by striking para-graph (15). (2) Section 274(m)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘(other than section 217)’’. (3) Section 3121(a) is amended by striking paragraph (11). (4) Section 3306(b) is amended by striking paragraph (9). (5) Section 3401(a) is amended by striking paragraph (15). (6) Section 7872(f) is amended by striking paragraph (11). (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1311. TERMINATION OF DEDUCTION AND EX-CLUSIONS FOR CONTRIBUTIONS TO MEDICAL SAVINGS ACCOUNTS. 
(a) T ERMINATION OF INCOME TAXDEDUC -
TION.—Section 220 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(k) T
ERMINATION .—No deduction shall be al-lowed under subsection (a) with respect to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017.’’. (b) T
ERMINATION OF EXCLUSION FOR EM-
PLOYER -PROVIDED CONTRIBUTIONS .—Section 106 is amended by striking subsection (b). (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 62(a) is amended by striking para-graph (16). (2) Section 106(d) is amended by striking para-graph (2), by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (6), and by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) N
O CONSTRUCTIVE RECEIPT .—No amount shall be included in the gross income of any em-ployee solely because the employee may choose between the contributions referred to in para-graph (1) and employer contributions to another health plan of the employer. ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DEDUCTION OF EM -
PLOYER CONTRIBUTIONS .—Any employer con-tribution to a health savings account (as so de-fined), if otherwise allowable as a deduction under this chapter, shall be allowed only for the taxable year in which paid. ‘‘(4) E
MPLOYER HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT CON -
TRIBUTION REQUIRED TO BE SHOWN ON RETURN .— Every individual required to file a return under section 6012 for the taxable year shall include on such return the aggregate amount contributed by employers to the health savings accounts (as so defined) of such individual or such individ-ual’s spouse for such taxable year. ‘‘(5) H
EALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT CONTRIBUTIONS  
NOT PART OF COBRA COVERAGE .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply for purposes of section 4980B.’’. (3) Section 223(b)(4) is amended by striking subparagraph (A), by redesignating subpara-graphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by striking the second sentence thereof. (4) Section 223(b)(5) is amended by striking ‘‘under paragraph (3))’’ and all that follows 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9316 November 15, 2017 
through ‘‘shall be divided equally between them’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘under paragraph (3)) shall be divided equally between the spouses’’. (5) Section 223(c) is amended by striking para-graph (5). (6) Section 3231(e) is amended by striking paragraph (10). (7) Section 3306(b) is amended by striking paragraph (17). (8) Section 3401(a) is amended by striking paragraph (21). (9) Chapter 43 is amended by striking section 4980E (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such chapter). (10) Section 4980G is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 4980G. FAILURE OF EMPLOYER TO MAKE COMPARABLE HEALTH SAVINGS AC-COUNT CONTRIBUTIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an employer who makes a contribution to the health savings account of any employee during a calendar year, there is hereby imposed a tax on the fail-ure of such employer to meet the requirements of subsection (d) for such calendar year. ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT OF TAX.—The amount of the tax imposed by subsection (a) on any failure for any calendar year is the amount equal to 35 percent of the aggregate amount contributed by the em-ployer to health savings accounts of employees for taxable years of such employees ending with or within such calendar year. ‘‘(c) W
AIVER BY SECRETARY .—In the case of a failure which is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect, the Secretary may waive part or all of the tax imposed by subsection (a) to the extent that the payment of such tax would be excessive relative to the failure involved. ‘‘(d) E
MPLOYER REQUIRED TOMAKE COM-
PARABLE HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT CONTRIBU -
TIONS FOR ALLPARTICIPATING EMPLOYEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An employer meets the re-quirements of this subsection for any calendar year if the employer makes available comparable contributions to the health savings accounts of all comparable participating employees for each coverage period during such calendar year. ‘‘(2) C
OMPARABLE CONTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘comparable contributions’ means contributions— ‘‘(i) which are the same amount, or ‘‘(ii) which are the same percentage of the an-nual deductible limit under the high deductible health plan covering the employees. ‘‘(B) P
ART-YEAR EMPLOYEES .—In the case of an employee who is employed by the employer for only a portion of the calendar year, a con-tribution to the health savings account of such employee shall be treated as comparable if it is an amount which bears the same ratio to the comparable amount (determined without regard to this subparagraph) as such portion bears to the entire calendar year. ‘‘(3) C
OMPARABLE PARTICIPATING EMPLOY -
EES.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘comparable participating employ-ees’ means all employees— ‘‘(i) who are eligible individuals covered under any high deductible health plan of the em-ployer, and ‘‘(ii) who have the same category of coverage. ‘‘(B) C
ATEGORIES OF COVERAGE .—For purposes of subparagraph (B), the categories of coverage are self-only and family coverage. ‘‘(4) P
ART-TIME EMPLOYEES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (3) shall be ap-plied separately with respect to part-time em-ployees and other employees. ‘‘(B) P
ART-TIME EMPLOYEE .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘part-time employee’ means any employee who is customarily em-ployed for fewer than 30 hours per week. ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULE FOR NON -HIGHLY COM -
PENSATED EMPLOYEES .—For purposes of apply-ing this section to a contribution to a health savings account of an employee who is not a highly compensated employee (as defined in sec-tion 414(q)), highly compensated employees shall not be treated as comparable participating em-ployees. ‘‘(e) CONTROLLED GROUPS .—For purposes of this section, all persons treated as a single em-ployer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 shall be treated as 1 employer. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—Terms used in this section which are also used in section 223 have the re-spective meanings given such terms in section 223. ‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall issue regulations to carry out the purposes of this sec-tion.’’. (11) Section 6051(a) is amended by striking paragraph (11). (12) Section 6051(a)(14)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (11) and (12)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (12)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1312. DENIAL OF DEDUCTION FOR EXPENSES ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE TRADE OR BUSINESS OF BEING AN EMPLOYEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IX of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 262 the following new item: 
‘‘SEC. 262A. EXPENSES ATTRIBUTABLE TO BEING AN EMPLOYEE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, no deduction shall be al-lowed with respect to any trade or business of the taxpayer which consists of the performance of services by the taxpayer as an employee. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR ABOVE -THE-LINE DEDUC -
TIONS .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to any deduction allowable (determined without regard to subsection (a)) in determining adjusted gross income.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF CERTAIN ABOVE -THE-LINE T
RADE AND BUSINESS DEDUCTIONS OF EMPLOY -
EES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 62(a)(2) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D), and (B) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as sub-paragraph (B). (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 62 is amended by striking sub-sections (b) and (d) and by redesignating sub-sections (c) and (e) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively. (B) Section 62(a)(20) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’. (c) C
ONTINUED EXCLUSION OF WORKING CON-
DITION FRINGE BENEFITS .—Section 132(d) is amended by inserting ‘‘(determined without re-gard to section 262A)’’ after ‘‘section 162’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. Subtitle E—Simplification and Reform of Exclusions and Taxable Compensation 
SEC. 1401. LIMITATION ON EXCLUSION FOR EM-PLOYER-PROVIDED HOUSING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 119 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON EXCLUSION OF LODGING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The aggregate amount ex-cluded from gross income of the taxpayer under subsections (a) and (d) with respect to lodging for any taxable year shall not exceed $50,000 (half such amount in the case of a married indi-vidual filing a separate return). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION TO 1 HOME .—Subsections (a) and (d) (separately and in combination) shall not apply with respect to more than 1 residence of the taxpayer at any given time. In the case of a joint return, the preceding sentence shall apply separately to each spouse for any period during which each spouse resides separate from the other spouse in a residence which is pro-vided in connection with the employment of each spouse, respectively. ‘‘(3) LIMITATION FOR HIGHLY COMPENSATED  
EMPLOYEES .— ‘‘(A) R
EDUCED FOR EXCESS COMPENSATION .—In the case of an individual whose compensation for the taxable year exceeds the amount in effect under section 414(q)(1)(B)(i) for the calendar in which such taxable year begins, the $50,000 amount under paragraph (1) shall be reduced (but not below zero) by an amount equal to 50 percent of such excess. For purposes of the pre-ceding sentence, the term ‘compensation’ means wages (as defined in section 3121(a) (without re-gard to the contribution and benefit base limita-tion in section 3121(a)(1)). ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION DENIED FOR 5 -PERCENT OWN -
ERS.—In the case of an individual who is a 5- percent owner (as defined in section 416(i)(1)(B)(i)) of the employer at any time dur-ing the taxable year, the amount under para-graph (1) shall be zero.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1402. EXCLUSION OF GAIN FROM SALE OF A PRINCIPAL RESIDENCE. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT THATRESIDENCE BEPRIN-
CIPAL RESIDENCE FOR 5 YEARS DURING 8-YEAR P
ERIOD .—Subsection (a) of section 121 is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘5-year period’’ and inserting ‘‘8-year period’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘5 years’’. (b) A
PPLICATION TO ONLY 1 SALE OR EX-
CHANGE EVERY 5 YEARS.—Paragraph (3) of sec-tion 121(b) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION TO ONLY 1 SALE OR EX -
CHANGE EVERY 5 YEARS .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to any sale or exchange by the tax-payer if, during the 5-year period ending on the date of such sale or exchange, there was any other sale or exchange by the taxpayer to which subsection (a) applied.’’. (c) P
HASEOUT BASED ON MODIFIED ADJUSTED  G
ROSS INCOME .—Section 121 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) P
HASEOUT BASED ON MODIFIED ADJUSTED  G
ROSS INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the average modified ad-justed gross income of the taxpayer for the tax-able year and the 2 preceding taxable years ex-ceeds $250,000 (twice such amount in the case of a joint return), the amount which would (but for this subsection) be excluded from gross in-come under subsection (a) for such taxable year shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount of such excess. ‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘modified adjusted gross income’ means, with respect to any taxable year, adjusted gross income deter-mined after application of this section (but without regard to subsection (b)(1) and this sub-section). ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE FOR JOINT RETURNS .—In the case of a joint return, the average modified adjusted gross income of the taxpayer shall be determined without regard to any taxable year with respect to which the taxpayer did not file a joint return.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The following provisions of section 121 are each amended by striking ‘‘5-year period’’ each place it appears therein and inserting ‘‘8-year period’’: (A) Subsection (b)(5)(C)(ii)(I). (B) Subsection (c)(1)(B)(i)(I). (C) Subsection (d)(7)(B). (D) Subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (d)(9). (E) Subsection (d)(10). (F) Subsection (d)(12)(A). (2) Section 121(c)(1)(B)(ii) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘5 years’’: (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to sales and ex-changes after December 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9317 November 15, 2017 
SEC. 1403. REPEAL OF EXCLUSION, ETC., FOR EM-PLOYEE ACHIEVEMENT AWARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 74 is amended by striking subsection (c). (b) R
EPEAL OF LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION .— Section 274 is amended by striking subsection (j). (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 102(c)(2) is amended by striking the first sentence. (2) Section 414(n)(3)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘274(j),’’. (3) Section 414(t)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘274(j),’’. (4) Section 3121(a)(20) is amended by striking ‘‘74(c)’’. (5) Section 3231(e)(5) is amended by striking ‘‘74(c),’’. (6) Section 3306(b)(16) is amended by striking ‘‘74(c),’’. (7) Section 3401(a)(19) is amended by striking ‘‘74(c),’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1404. SUNSET OF EXCLUSION FOR DEPEND-ENT CARE ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 129 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1405. REPEAL OF EXCLUSION FOR QUALI-FIED MOVING EXPENSE REIMBURSE-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 132(a) is amended by striking paragraph (6). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 82 is amended by striking ‘‘Except as provided in section 132(a)(6), there’’ and in-serting ‘‘There’’. (2) Section 132 is amended by striking sub-section (g). (3) Section 132(l) is amended by striking by striking ‘‘subsections (e) and (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1406. REPEAL OF EXCLUSION FOR ADOPTION ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 137 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections for such part). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Sections 414(n)(3)(C), 414(t)(2), 74(d)(2)(B), 86(b)(2)(A), 219(g)(3)(A)(ii) are each amended by striking ‘‘, 137’’. (2) Section 1016(a), as amended by the pre-ceding provision of this Act, is amended by striking paragraph (26). (3) Section 6039D(d)(1), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘, or 137’’, and (B) by inserting ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘125’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. Subtitle F—Simplification and Reform of Savings, Pensions, Retirement 
SEC. 1501. REPEAL OF SPECIAL RULE PERMIT-TING RECHARACTERIZATION OF ROTH IRA CONTRIBUTIONS AS TRA-DITIONAL IRA CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 408A(d) is amended by striking paragraph (6) and by redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (6). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1502. REDUCTION IN MINIMUM AGE FOR AL-LOWABLE IN-SERVICE DISTRIBU-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 401(a)(36) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘age 62’’ and inserting ‘‘age 59 
1⁄2’’. (b) APPLICATION TO GOVERNMENTAL SECTION  457(b) P
LANS.—Clause (i) of section 457(d)(1)(A) is amended by inserting ‘‘(in the case of a plan maintained by an employer described in sub-section (e)(1)(A), age 59 
1⁄2)’’ before the comma at the end. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan years begin-ning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1503. MODIFICATION OF RULES GOVERNING HARDSHIP DISTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall modify Treasury Regulation section 1.401(k)–1(d)(3)(iv)(E) to— (1) delete the 6-month prohibition on contribu-tions imposed by paragraph (2) thereof, and (2) make any other modifications necessary to carry out the purposes of section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The revised regulations under this section shall apply to plan years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1504. MODIFICATION OF RULES RELATING TO HARDSHIP WITHDRAWALS FROM CASH OR DEFERRED ARRANGE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 401(k) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) S
PECIAL RULES RELATING TO HARDSHIP  
WITHDRAWALS .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(i)(IV)— ‘‘(A) A
MOUNTS WHICH MAY BE WITHDRAWN .— The following amounts may be distributed upon hardship of the employee: ‘‘(i) Contributions to a profit-sharing or stock bonus plan to which section 402(e)(3) applies. ‘‘(ii) Qualified nonelective contributions (as defined in subsection (m)(4)(C)). ‘‘(iii) Qualified matching contributions de-scribed in paragraph (3)(D)(ii)(I). ‘‘(iv) Earnings on any contributions described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii). ‘‘(B) N
O REQUIREMENT TO TAKE AVAILABLE  
LOAN .—A distribution shall not be treated as failing to be made upon the hardship of an em-ployee solely because the employee does not take any available loan under the plan. ″.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(IV) subject to the provisions of paragraph (14), upon hardship of the employee, or ″.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan years begin-ning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1505. EXTENDED ROLLOVER PERIOD FOR THE ROLLOVER OF PLAN LOAN OFF-SET AMOUNTS IN CERTAIN CASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (3) of section 402(c) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) R
OLLOVER OF CERTAIN PLAN LOAN OFFSET  
AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a qualified plan loan offset amount, paragraph (1) shall not apply to any transfer of such amount made after the due date (including extensions) for fil-ing the return of tax for the taxable year in which such amount is treated as distributed from a qualified employer plan. ‘‘(ii) Q
UALIFIED PLAN LOAN OFFSET AMOUNT .— For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘qualified plan loan offset amount’ means a plan loan offset amount which is treated as dis-tributed from a qualified employer plan to a participant or beneficiary solely by reason of— ‘‘(I) the termination of the qualified employer plan, or ‘‘(II) the failure to meet the repayment terms of the loan from such plan because of the sepa-ration from service of the participant (whether due to layoff, cessation of business, termination of employment, or otherwise). ‘‘(iii) P
LAN LOAN OFFSET AMOUNT .—For pur- poses of clause (ii), the term ‘plan loan offset amount’ means the amount by which the par-ticipant’s accrued benefit under the plan is re-duced in order to repay a loan from the plan. ‘‘(iv) LIMITATION .—This subparagraph shall not apply to any plan loan offset amount unless such plan loan offset amount relates to a loan to which section 72(p)(1) does not apply by rea-son of section 72(p)(2). ‘‘(v) Q
UALIFIED EMPLOYER PLAN .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘qualified em-ployer plan’ has the meaning given such term by section 72(p)(4).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subparagraph (A) of section 402(c)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graphs (B) and (C)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1506. MODIFICATION OF NONDISCRIMINA-TION RULES TO PROTECT OLDER, LONGER SERVICE PARTICIPANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 401 is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (o) as sub-section (p), and (2) by inserting after subsection (n) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(o) S
PECIAL RULES FOR APPLYING NON-
DISCRIMINATION RULES TO PROTECT OLDER, L
ONGER SERVICE AND GRANDFATHERED PARTICI -
PANTS .— ‘‘(1) T
ESTING OF DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS WITH  
CLOSED CLASSES OF PARTICIPANTS .— ‘‘(A) B
ENEFITS , RIGHTS , OR FEATURES PRO -
VIDED TO CLOSED CLASSES .—A defined benefit plan which provides benefits, rights, or features to a closed class of participants shall not fail to satisfy the requirements of subsection (a)(4) by reason of the composition of such closed class or the benefits, rights, or features provided to such closed class, if— ‘‘(i) for the plan year as of which the class closes and the 2 succeeding plan years, such benefits, rights, and features satisfy the require-ments of subsection (a)(4) (without regard to this subparagraph but taking into account the rules of subparagraph (I)), ‘‘(ii) after the date as of which the class was closed, any plan amendment which modifies the closed class or the benefits, rights, and features provided to such closed class does not discrimi-nate significantly in favor of highly com-pensated employees, and ‘‘(iii) the class was closed before April 5, 2017, or the plan is described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) A
GGREGATE TESTING WITH DEFINED CON -
TRIBUTION PLANS PERMITTED ON A BENEFITS  
BASIS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of determining compliance with subsection (a)(4) and section 410(b), a defined benefit plan described in clause (iii) may be aggregated and tested on a benefits basis with 1 or more defined contribution plans, including with the portion of 1 or more defined contribution plans which— ‘‘(I) provides matching contributions (as de-fined in subsection (m)(4)(A)), ‘‘(II) provides annuity contracts described in section 403(b) which are purchased with match-ing contributions or nonelective contributions, or ‘‘(III) consists of an employee stock ownership plan (within the meaning of section 4975(e)(7)) or a tax credit employee stock ownership plan (within the meaning of section 409(a)). ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULES FOR MATCHING CONTRIBU -
TIONS .—For purposes of clause (i), if a defined benefit plan is aggregated with a portion of a defined contribution plan providing matching contributions— ‘‘(I) such defined benefit plan must also be ag-gregated with any portion of such defined con-tribution plan which provides elective deferrals described in subparagraph (A) or (C) of section 402(g)(3), and ‘‘(II) such matching contributions shall be treated in the same manner as nonelective con-tributions, including for purposes of applying the rules of subsection (l). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9318 November 15, 2017 
‘‘(iii) P LANS DESCRIBED .—A defined benefit plan is described in this clause if— ‘‘(I) the plan provides benefits to a closed class of participants, ‘‘(II) for the plan year as of which the class closes and the 2 succeeding plan years, the plan satisfies the requirements of section 410(b) and subsection (a)(4) (without regard to this sub-paragraph but taking into account the rules of subparagraph (I)), ‘‘(III) after the date as of which the class was closed, any plan amendment which modifies the closed class or the benefits provided to such closed class does not discriminate significantly in favor of highly compensated employees, and ‘‘(IV) the class was closed before April 5, 2017, or the plan is described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) P
LANS DESCRIBED .—A plan is described in this subparagraph if, taking into account any predecessor plan— ‘‘(i) such plan has been in effect for at least 5 years as of the date the class is closed, and ‘‘(ii) during the 5-year period preceding the date the class is closed, there has not been a substantial increase in the coverage or value of the benefits, rights, or features described in sub-paragraph (A) or in the coverage or benefits under the plan described in subparagraph (B)(iii) (whichever is applicable). ‘‘(D) D
ETERMINATION OF SUBSTANTIAL IN -
CREASE FOR BENEFITS , RIGHTS , AND FEATURES .— In applying subparagraph (C)(ii) for purposes of subparagraph (A)(iii), a plan shall be treated as having had a substantial increase in coverage or value of the benefits, rights, or features de-scribed in subparagraph (A) during the applica-ble 5-year period only if, during such period— ‘‘(i) the number of participants covered by such benefits, rights, or features on the date such period ends is more than 50 percent greater than the number of such participants on the first day of the plan year in which such period began, or ‘‘(ii) such benefits, rights, and features have been modified by 1 or more plan amendments in such a way that, as of the date the class is closed, the value of such benefits, rights, and features to the closed class as a whole is sub-stantially greater than the value as of the first day of such 5-year period, solely as a result of such amendments. ‘‘(E) D
ETERMINATION OF SUBSTANTIAL IN -
CREASE FOR AGGREGATE TESTING ON BENEFITS  
BASIS .—In applying subparagraph (C)(ii) for purposes of subparagraph (B)(iii)(IV), a plan shall be treated as having had a substantial in-crease in coverage or benefits during the appli-cable 5-year period only if, during such period— ‘‘(i) the number of participants benefitting under the plan on the date such period ends is more than 50 percent greater than the number of such participants on the first day of the plan year in which such period began, or ‘‘(ii) the average benefit provided to such par-ticipants on the date such period ends is more than 50 percent greater than the average benefit provided on the first day of the plan year in which such period began. ‘‘(F) C
ERTAIN EMPLOYEES DISREGARDED .—For purposes of subparagraphs (D) and (E), any in-crease in coverage or value or in coverage or benefits, whichever is applicable, which is at-tributable to such coverage and value or cov-erage and benefits provided to employees— ‘‘(i) who became participants as a result of a merger, acquisition, or similar event which oc-curred during the 7-year period preceding the date the class is closed, or ‘‘(ii) who became participants by reason of a merger of the plan with another plan which had been in effect for at least 5 years as of the date of the merger, shall be disregarded, except that clause (ii) shall apply for purposes of subparagraph (D) only if, under the merger, the benefits, rights, or fea-tures under 1 plan are conformed to the bene-fits, rights, or features of the other plan pro-spectively. ‘‘(G) RULES RELATING TO AVERAGE BENEFIT .— For purposes of subparagraph (E)— ‘‘(i) the average benefit provided to partici-pants under the plan will be treated as having remained the same between the 2 dates described in subparagraph (E)(ii) if the benefit formula applicable to such participants has not changed between such dates, and ‘‘(ii) if the benefit formula applicable to 1 or more participants under the plan has changed between such 2 dates, then the average benefit under the plan shall be considered to have in-creased by more than 50 percent only if— ‘‘(I) the total amount determined under sec-tion 430(b)(1)(A)(i) for all participants benefit-ting under the plan for the plan year in which the 5-year period described in subparagraph (E) ends, exceeds ‘‘(II) the total amount determined under sec-tion 430(b)(1)(A)(i) for all such participants for such plan year, by using the benefit formula in effect for each such participant for the first plan year in such 5-year period, by more than 50 percent. In the case of a CSEC plan (as defined in sec-tion 414(y)), the normal cost of the plan (as de-termined under section 433(j)(1)(B)) shall be used in lieu of the amount determined under section 430(b)(1)(A)(i). ‘‘(H) T
REATMENT AS SINGLE PLAN .—For pur- poses of subparagraphs (E) and (G), a plan de-scribed in section 413(c) shall be treated as a single plan rather than as separate plans main-tained by each participating employer. ‘‘(I) S
PECIAL RULES .—For purposes of sub-paragraphs (A)(i) and (B)(iii)(II), the following rules shall apply: ‘‘(i) In applying section 410(b)(6)(C), the clos-ing of the class of participants shall not be treated as a significant change in coverage under section 410(b)(6)(C)(i)(II). ‘‘(ii) 2 or more plans shall not fail to be eligi-ble to be aggregated and treated as a single plan solely by reason of having different plan years. ‘‘(iii) Changes in the employee population shall be disregarded to the extent attributable to individuals who become employees or cease to be employees, after the date the class is closed, by reason of a merger, acquisition, divestiture, or similar event. ‘‘(iv) Aggregation and all other testing meth-odologies otherwise applicable under subsection (a)(4) and section 410(b) may be taken into ac-count. The rule of clause (ii) shall also apply for pur-poses of determining whether plans to which subparagraph (B)(i) applies may be aggregated and treated as 1 plan for purposes of deter-mining whether such plans meet the require-ments of subsection (a)(4) and section 410(b). ‘‘(J) S
PUN-OFF PLANS .—For purposes of this paragraph, if a portion of a defined benefit plan described in subparagraph (A) or (B)(iii) is spun off to another employer and the spun-off plan continues to satisfy the requirements of— ‘‘(i) subparagraph (A)(i) or (B)(iii)(II), which-ever is applicable, if the original plan was still within the 3-year period described in such sub-paragraph at the time of the spin off, and ‘‘(ii) subparagraph (A)(ii) or (B)(iii)(III), whichever is applicable, the treatment under subparagraph (A) or (B) of the spun-off plan shall continue with respect to such other employer. ‘‘(2) T
ESTING OF DEFINED CONTRIBUTION  
PLANS .— ‘‘(A) T
ESTING ON A BENEFITS BASIS .—A defined contribution plan shall be permitted to be tested on a benefits basis if— ‘‘(i) such defined contribution plan provides make-whole contributions to a closed class of participants whose accruals under a defined benefit plan have been reduced or eliminated, ‘‘(ii) for the plan year of the defined contribu-tion plan as of which the class eligible to receive such make-whole contributions closes and the 2 succeeding plan years, such closed class of par-ticipants satisfies the requirements of section 410(b)(2)(A)(i) (determined by applying the rules of paragraph (1)(I)), ‘‘(iii) after the date as of which the class was closed, any plan amendment to the defined con-tribution plan which modifies the closed class or the allocations, benefits, rights, and features provided to such closed class does not discrimi-nate significantly in favor of highly com-pensated employees, and ‘‘(iv) the class was closed before April 5, 2017, or the defined benefit plan under clause (i) is described in paragraph (1)(C) (as applied for purposes of paragraph (1)(B)(iii)(IV)). ‘‘(B) AGGREGATION WITH PLANS INCLUDING  
MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to 1 or more defined contribution plans described in subpara-graph (A), for purposes of determining compli-ance with subsection (a)(4) and section 410(b), the portion of such plans which provides make- whole contributions or other nonelective con-tributions may be aggregated and tested on a benefits basis with the portion of 1 or more other defined contribution plans which— ‘‘(I) provides matching contributions (as de-fined in subsection (m)(4)(A)), ‘‘(II) provides annuity contracts described in section 403(b) which are purchased with match-ing contributions or nonelective contributions, or ‘‘(III) consists of an employee stock ownership plan (within the meaning of section 4975(e)(7)) or a tax credit employee stock ownership plan (within the meaning of section 409(a)). ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULES FOR MATCHING CONTRIBU -
TIONS .—Rules similar to the rules of paragraph (1)(B)(ii) shall apply for purposes of clause (i). ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TESTING DEFINED  
CONTRIBUTION PLAN FEATURES PROVIDING  
MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS TO CERTAIN OLDER , 
LONGER SERVICE PARTICIPANTS .—In the case of a defined contribution plan which provides bene-fits, rights, or features to a closed class of par-ticipants whose accruals under a defined benefit plan have been reduced or eliminated, the plan shall not fail to satisfy the requirements of sub-section (a)(4) solely by reason of the composition of the closed class or the benefits, rights, or fea-tures provided to such closed class if the defined contribution plan and defined benefit plan oth-erwise meet the requirements of subparagraph (A) but for the fact that the make-whole con-tributions under the defined contribution plan are made in whole or in part through matching contributions. ‘‘(D) S
PUN-OFF PLANS .—For purposes of this paragraph, if a portion of a defined contribu-tion plan described in subparagraph (A) or (C) is spun off to another employer, the treatment under subparagraph (A) or (C) of the spun-off plan shall continue with respect to the other em-ployer if such plan continues to comply with the requirements of clauses (ii) (if the original plan was still within the 3-year period described in such clause at the time of the spin off) and (iii) of subparagraph (A), as determined for purposes of subparagraph (A) or (C), whichever is appli-cable. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) M
AKE-WHOLE CONTRIBUTIONS .—Except as otherwise provided in paragraph (2)(C), the term ‘make-whole contributions’ means nonelective allocations for each employee in the class which are reasonably calculated, in a consistent man-ner, to replace some or all of the retirement ben-efits which the employee would have received under the defined benefit plan and any other plan or qualified cash or deferred arrangement under subsection (k)(2) if no change had been made to such defined benefit plan and such other plan or arrangement. For purposes of the preceding sentence, consistency shall not be re-quired with respect to employees who were sub-ject to different benefit formulas under the de-fined benefit plan. ‘‘(B) R
EFERENCES TO CLOSED CLASS OF PAR -
TICIPANTS .—References to a closed class of par-ticipants and similar references to a closed class 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9319 November 15, 2017 
shall include arrangements under which 1 or more classes of participants are closed, except that 1 or more classes of participants closed on different dates shall not be aggregated for pur-poses of determining the date any such class was closed. ‘‘(C) H
IGHLY COMPENSATED EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘highly compensated employee’ has the meaning given such term in section 414(q). ″.’’. (b) P
ARTICIPATION REQUIREMENTS .—Para- graph (26) of section 401(a) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) P
ROTECTED PARTICIPANTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A plan shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of subparagraph (A) if— ‘‘(I) the plan is amended— ‘‘(aa) to cease all benefit accruals, or ‘‘(bb) to provide future benefit accruals only to a closed class of participants, ‘‘(II) the plan satisfies subparagraph (A) (without regard to this subparagraph) as of the effective date of the amendment, and ‘‘(III) the amendment was adopted before April 5, 2017, or the plan is described in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) P
LANS DESCRIBED .—A plan is described in this clause if the plan would be described in subsection (o)(1)(C), as applied for purposes of subsection (o)(1)(B)(iii)(IV) and by treating the effective date of the amendment as the date the class was closed for purposes of subsection (o)(1)(C). ‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL RULES .—For purposes of clause (i)(II), in applying section 410(b)(6)(C), the amendments described in clause (i) shall not be treated as a significant change in coverage under section 410(b)(6)(C)(i)(II). ‘‘(iv) S
PUN-OFF PLANS .—For purposes of this subparagraph, if a portion of a plan described in clause (i) is spun off to another employer, the treatment under clause (i) of the spun-off plan shall continue with respect to the other em-ployer.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, without regard to whether any plan modifications referred to in such amendments are adopted or effective before, on, or after such date of enactment. (2) S
PECIAL RULES .— (A) E
LECTION OF EARLIER APPLICATION .—At the election of the plan sponsor, the amend-ments made by this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2013. (B) C
LOSED CLASSES OF PARTICIPANTS .—For purposes of paragraphs (1)(A)(iii), (1)(B)(iii)(IV), and (2)(A)(iv) of section 401(o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this section), a closed class of participants shall be treated as being closed before April 5, 2017, if the plan sponsor’s intention to create such closed class is reflected in formal written docu-ments and communicated to participants before such date. (C) CERTAIN POST -ENACTMENT PLAN AMEND -
MENTS .—A plan shall not be treated as failing to be eligible for the application of section 401(o)(1)(A), 401(o)(1)(B)(iii), or 401(a)(26) of such Code (as added by this section) to such plan solely because in the case of— (i) such section 401(o)(1)(A), the plan was amended before the date of the enactment of this Act to eliminate 1 or more benefits, rights, or features, and is further amended after such date of enactment to provide such previously eliminated benefits, rights, or features to a closed class of participants, or (ii) such section 401(o)(1)(B)(iii) or section 401(a)(26), the plan was amended before the date of the enactment of this Act to cease all benefit accruals, and is further amended after such date of enactment to provide benefit accru-als to a closed class of participants. Any such section shall only apply if the plan otherwise meets the requirements of such section and in applying such section, the date the class of par-ticipants is closed shall be the effective date of the later amendment. Subtitle G—Estate, Gift, and Generation- skipping Transfer Taxes 
SEC. 1601. INCREASE IN CREDIT AGAINST ES-TATE, GIFT, AND GENERATION-SKIP-PING TRANSFER TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2010(c)(3) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to estates of dece-dents dying, generation-skipping transfers, and gifts made, after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1602. REPEAL OF ESTATE AND GENERATION- SKIPPING TRANSFER TAXES. 
(a) E STATE TAXREPEAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter C of chapter 11 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2210. TERMINATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), this chapter shall not apply to the estates of decedents dying after December 31, 2024. ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS FROMQUALIFIED  D
OMESTIC TRUSTS .—In applying section 2056A with respect to the surviving spouse of a dece-dent dying on or before December 31, 2024— ‘‘(1) section 2056A(b)(1)(A) shall not apply to distributions made after the 10-year period be-ginning on such date, and ‘‘(2) section 2056A(b)(1)(B) shall not apply after such date.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1014(b) is amended— (A) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘was includ-ible in determining’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘was includible (or would have been includible without regard to section 2210) in determining the value of the decedent’s gross estate under chapter 11 of sub-title B’’ , (B) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘required to be included’’ through ‘‘Code of 1939’’ and insert-ing ‘‘required to be included (or would have been required to be included without regard to section 2210) in determining the value of the de-cedent’s gross estate under chapter 11 of subtitle B’’, and (C) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘Property includible in the gross estate’’ and inserting ‘‘Property includible (or which would have been includible without regard to section 2210) in the gross estate’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for subchapter C of chapter 11 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 2210. Termination.’’. (b) G
ENERATION -SKIPPING TRANSFER TAXRE-
PEAL.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter G of chapter 13 of subtitle B of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2664. TERMINATION. 
‘‘This chapter shall not apply to generation- skipping transfers after December 31, 2024.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for subchapter G of chapter 13 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 2664. Termination.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATED TO  G
IFTTAX.— (1) C
OMPUTATION OF GIFT TAX .—Section 2502 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) G
IFTSMADEAFTER 2024.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a gift made after December 31, 2024, subsection (a) shall be applied by substituting ‘subsection (d)(2)’ for ‘section 2001(c)’ and ‘such subsection’ for ‘such section’. ‘‘(2) R
ATE SCHEDULE .— ‘‘If the amount with respect to which the tentative tax to be computed is: .................................................................. The tentative tax is: Not over $10,000 ............................................................................................................... ............................................ 18% of such amount. Over $10,000 but not over $20,000 .............................................................................................. .................................... $1,800, plus 20% of the ex-cess over $10,000. Over $20,000 but not over $40,000 .............................................................................................. .................................... $3,800, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $20,000. Over $40,000 but not over $60,000 .............................................................................................. .................................... $8,200, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $40,000. Over $60,000 but not over $80,000 .............................................................................................. .................................... $13,000, plus 26% of the ex-cess over $60,000. Over $80,000 but not over $100,000 ............................................................................................. .................................... $18,200, plus 28% of the ex-cess over $80,000. Over $100,000 but not over $150,000 ............................................................................................ ................................... $23,800, plus 30% of the ex-cess over $100,000. Over $150,000 but not over $250,000 ............................................................................................ ................................... $38,800, plus 32% of the ex-cess of $150,000. Over $250,000 but not over $500,000 ............................................................................................ ................................... $70,800, plus 34% of the ex-cess over $250,000. Over $500,000 .................................................................................................................. ............................................. $155,800, plus 35% of the excess of $500,000.’’. (2) L
IFETIME GIFT EXEMPTION .—Section 2505 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) G
IFTSMADEAFTER 2024.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a gift made after December 31, 2024, subsection (a)(1) shall be applied by substituting ‘the amount of the tentative tax which would be determined under the rate schedule set forth in section 2502(a)(2) if the amount with respect to which such ten-tative tax is to be computed were $10,000,000’ for ‘the applicable credit amount in effect under section 2010(c) which would apply if the donor died as of the end of the calendar year’. ‘‘(2) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any cal-endar year after 2024, the dollar amount in sub-section (a)(1) (after application of this sub-section) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9320 November 15, 2017 
‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(c)(2)(A) of such calendar year by substituting ‘calendar year 2011’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in clause (ii) thereof. ‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted under paragraph (1) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $10,000.’’. (3) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATED  
TO GIFT TAX .—Section 2801 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) G
IFTSRECEIVED AFTER 2024.—In the case of a gift received after December 31, 2024, sub-section (a)(1) shall be applied by substituting ‘section 2502(a)(2)’ for ‘section 2001(c) as in ef-fect on the date of such receipt’.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to estates of dece-dents dying, generation-skipping transfers, and gifts made, after December 31, 2024. TITLE II—ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX REPEAL 
SEC. 2001. REPEAL OF ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking part VI (and by striking the item relating to such part in the table of parts for subchapter A). (b) C
REDIT FOR PRIOR YEARMINIMUM TAXLI-
ABILITY .— (1) L
IMITATION .—Subsection (c) of section 53 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—The credit allowable under subsection (a) shall not exceed the regular tax liability of the taxpayer reduced by the sum of the credits allowed under subparts A, B, and D.’’. (2) C
REDITS TREATED AS REFUNDABLE .—Sec- tion 53 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(e) P
ORTION OF CREDIT TREATED AS REFUND -
ABLE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxable year beginning in 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, the limitation under subsection (c) shall be in-creased by the AMT refundable credit amount for such year. ‘‘(2) AMT 
REFUNDABLE CREDIT AMOUNT .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the AMT refundable credit amount is an amount equal to 50 percent (100 percent in the case of a taxable year begin-ning in 2022) of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the minimum tax credit determined under subsection (b) for the taxable year, over ‘‘(B) the minimum tax credit allowed under subsection (a) for such year (before the applica-tion of this subsection for such year). ‘‘(3) C
REDIT REFUNDABLE .—For purposes of this title (other than this section), the credit al-lowed by reason of this subsection shall be treat-ed as a credit allowed under subpart C (and not this subpart). ‘‘(4) S
HORT TAXABLE YEARS .—In the case of any taxable year of less than 365 days, the AMT refundable credit amount determined under paragraph (2) with respect to such taxable year shall be the amount which bears the same ratio to such amount determined without regard to this paragraph as the number of days in such taxable year bears to 365.’’. (3) T
REATMENT OF REFERENCES .—Section 53(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) AMT 
TERM REFERENCES .—Any references in this subsection to section 55, 56, or 57 shall be treated as a reference to such section as in effect before its repeal by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATED TO  AMT R
EPEAL .— (1) Section 2(d) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tions 1 and 55’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1’’. (2) Section 5(a) is amended by striking para-graph (4). (3) Section 11(d) is amended by striking ‘‘the taxes imposed by subsection (a) and section 55’’ and inserting ‘‘the tax imposed by subsection (a)’’. (4) Section 12 is amended by striking para-graph (7). (5) Section 26(a) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) LIMITATION BASED ON AMOUNT OF TAX.— The aggregate amount of credits allowed by this subpart for the taxable year shall not exceed the taxpayer’s regular tax liability for the taxable year.’’. (6) Section 26(b)(2) is amended by striking sub-paragraph (A). (7) Section 26 is amended by striking sub-section (c). (8) Section 38(c) is amended— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) through (5), (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (2), (C) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so re-designated) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The credit allowed under subsection (a) for any taxable year shall not ex-ceed the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the sum of— ‘‘(i) so much of the regular tax liability as does not exceed $25,000, plus ‘‘(ii) 75 percent of so much of the regular tax liability as exceeds $25,000, over ‘‘(B) the sum of the credits allowable under subparts A and B of this part.’’, and (D) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B) of para-graph (1)’’ each place it appears in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated) and inserting ‘‘clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (1)(A)’’. (9) Section 39(a) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘or the eligible small business credits’’ in paragraph (3)(A), and (B) by striking paragraph (4). (10) Section 45D(g)(4)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or for purposes of section 55’’. (11) Section 54(c)(1) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) regular tax liability (as defined in section 26(b)), over’’. (12) Section 54A(c)(1)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) regular tax liability (as defined in sec-tion 26(b)), over’’. (13) Section 148(b)(3) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) T
AX-EXEMPT BONDS NOT TREATED AS IN -
VESTMENT PROPERTY .—The term ‘investment property’ does not include any tax-exempt bond.’’. (14) Section 168(k)(2) is amended by striking subparagraph (G). (15) Section 168(k) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (16) Section 168(k)(5) is amended by striking subparagraph (E). (17) Section 168(m)(2)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘(determined without regard to para-graph (4) thereof)’’. (18) Section 168(m)(2) is amended by striking subparagraph (D). (19) Section 173 is amended by striking sub-section (b). (20) Section 263(c) is amended by striking ‘‘section 59(e) or 291’’ and inserting ‘‘section 291’’. (21) Section 263A(c) is amended by striking paragraph (6) and by redesignating paragraph (7) (as amended) as paragraph (6). (22) Section 382(l) is amended by striking paragraph (7) and by redesignating paragraph (8) as paragraph (7). (23) Section 443 is amended by striking sub-section (d) and by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (d). (24) Section 616 is amended by striking sub-section (e). (25) Section 617 is amended by striking sub-section (i). (26) Section 641(c) is amended— (A) in paragraph (2) by striking subparagraph (B) and by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively, and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(B)’’. (27) Subsections (b) and (c) of section 666 are each amended by striking ‘‘(other than the tax imposed by section 55)’’. (28) Section 848 is amended by striking sub-section (i). (29) Section 860E(a) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (30) Section 871(b)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘or 55’’. (31) Section 882(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘55,’’. (32) Section 897(a) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) TREATMENT AS EFFECTIVELY CONNECTED  W
ITHUNITED STATES TRADE OR BUSINESS .—For purposes of this title, gain or loss of a non-resident alien individual or a foreign corpora-tion from the disposition of a United States real property interest shall be taken into account— ‘‘(1) in the case of a nonresident alien indi-vidual, under section 871(b)(1), or ‘‘(2) in the case of a foreign corporation, under section 882(a)(1), as if the taxpayer were engaged in a trade or business within the United States during the taxable year and as if such gain or loss were ef-fectively connected with such trade or busi-ness.’’. (33) Section 904(k) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(k) C
ROSS REFERENCE .—For increase of limi-tation under subsection (a) for taxes paid with respect to amounts received which were included in the gross income of the taxpayer for a prior taxable year as a United States shareholder with respect to a controlled foreign corporation, see section 960(b).’’. (34) Section 911(f) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(f) D
ETERMINATION OF TAXLIABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If, for any taxable year, any amount is excluded from gross income of a taxpayer under subsection (a), then, notwith-standing section 1, if such taxpayer has taxable income for such taxable year, the tax imposed by section 1 for such taxable year shall be equal to the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the tax which would be imposed by sec-tion 1 for such taxable year if the taxpayer’s taxable income were increased by the amount excluded under subsection (a) for such taxable year, over ‘‘(B) the tax which would be imposed by sec-tion 1 for such taxable year if the taxpayer’s taxable income were equal to the amount ex-cluded under subsection (a) for such taxable year. For purposes of this paragraph, the amount ex-cluded under subsection (a) shall be reduced by the aggregate amount of any deductions or ex-clusions disallowed under subsection (d)(6) with respect to such excluded amount. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF CAPITAL GAIN EXCESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In applying section 1(h) for purposes of determining the tax under para-graph (1)(A) for any taxable year in which, without regard to this subsection, the taxpayer’s net capital gain exceeds taxable income (here-after in this subparagraph referred to as the capital gain excess)— ‘‘(i) the taxpayer’s net capital gain (deter-mined without regard to section 1(h)(11)) shall be reduced (but not below zero) by such capital gain excess, ‘‘(ii) the taxpayer’s qualified dividend income shall be reduced by so much of such capital gain excess as exceeds the taxpayer’s net capital gain (determined without regard to section 1(h)(11) and the reduction under clause (i)), and ‘‘(iii) adjusted net capital gain, unrecaptured section 1250 gain, and 28-percent rate gain shall each be determined after increasing the amount described in section 1(h)(4)(B) by such capital gain excess. ‘‘(B) D
EFINITIONS .—Terms used in this para-graph which are also used in section 1(h) shall have the respective meanings given such terms by section 1(h).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9321 November 15, 2017 
(35) Section 962(a)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘sections 1 and 55’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 1’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘sections 11 and 55’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 11’’. (36) Section 1016(a) is amended by striking paragraph (20). (37) Section 1202(a)(4) is amended by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by strik-ing ‘‘, and’’ and inserting a period at the end of subparagraph (B), and by striking subpara-graph (C). (38) Section 1374(b)(3)(B) is amended by strik-ing the last sentence thereof. (39) Section 1561(a) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting a period, and by striking paragraph (3), and (B) by striking the last sentence. (40) Section 6015(d)(2)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or 55’’. (41) Section 6211(b)(4)(A) is amended by striking‘‘, 168(k)(4)’’. (42) Section 6425(c)(1)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) the tax imposed under section 11 or sub-chapter L of chapter 1, whichever is applicable, over’’. (43) Section 6654(d)(2) is amended— (A) in clause (i) of subparagraph (B), by strik-ing ‘‘, alternative minimum taxable income,’’, and (B) in clause (i) of subparagraph (C), by strik-ing ‘‘, alternative minimum taxable income,’’. (44) Section 6655(e)(2)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘The taxable income and alternative minimum taxable income shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Taxable income shall’’. (45) Section 6655(g)(1)(A) is amended by add-ing ‘‘plus’’ at the end of clause (i), by striking clause (ii), and by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (ii). (46) Section 6662(e)(3)(C) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘the regular tax (as defined in section 55(c))’’ and inserting ‘‘the regular tax liability (as defined in section 26(b))’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) P
RIOR ELECTIONS WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN  
TAX PREFERENCES .—So much of the amendment made by subsection (a) as relates to the repeal of section 59(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2017. (3) T
REATMENT OF NET OPERATING LOSS  
CARRYBACKS .—For purposes of section 56(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as in effect before its repeal), the amount of any net oper-ating loss which may be carried back from a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, to taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018, shall be determined without regard to any adjustments under section 56(d)(2)(A) of such Code (as so in effect). TITLE III—BUSINESS TAX REFORM Subtitle A—Tax Rates 
SEC. 3001. REDUCTION IN CORPORATE TAX RATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11(b) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT OF TAX.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amount of the tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be 20 percent of taxable income. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PERSONAL SERVICE  
CORPORATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a personal service corporation (as defined in section 448(d)(2)), the amount of the tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be 25 percent of taxable in-come. ‘‘(B) R
EFERENCES TO CORPORATE RATE .—Any reference to the rate imposed under this section or to the highest rate in effect under this section (or any similar reference) shall be determined without regard to the rate imposed with respect to personal service corporations (as so de-fined).’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1)(A) Part I of subchapter P of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 1201 (and by strik-ing the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (B) Section 12 is amended by striking para-graph (4). (C) Section 527(b) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2), and (ii) by striking all that precedes ‘‘is hereby im-posed’’ and inserting: ‘‘(b) T
AXIMPOSED .—A tax’’. (D) Section 594(a) is amended by striking ‘‘taxes imposed by section 11 or 1201(a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘tax imposed by section 11’’. (E) Section 691(c)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘1201,’’. (F) Section 801(a) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2), and (ii) by striking all that precedes ‘‘is hereby im-posed’’ and inserting: ‘‘(a) T
AXIMPOSED .—A tax’’. (G) Section 831(e) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respec-tively. (H) Sections 832(c)(5) and 834(b)(1)(D) are each amended by striking ‘‘sec. 1201 and fol-lowing,’’. (I) Section 852(b)(3)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1201(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 11(b)(1)’’. (J) Section 857(b)(3) is amended— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and redesig-nating subparagraphs (B) through (F) as sub-paragraphs (A) through (E), respectively, (ii) in subparagraph (C), as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)(ii)’’ in clause (i) thereof and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’, (II) by striking ‘‘the tax imposed by subpara-graph (A)(ii)’’ in clauses (ii) and (iv) thereof and inserting ‘‘the tax imposed by paragraph (1) on undistributed capital gain’’, (iii) in subparagraph (E), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B) or (D)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (C)’’, and (iv) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) U
NDISTRIBUTED CAPITAL GAIN .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘undistributed capital gain’ means the excess of the net capital gain over the deduction for dividends paid (as defined in section 561) determined with reference to capital gain dividends only.’’. (K) Section 882(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘, or 1201(a)’’. (L) Section 1374(b) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (M) Section 1381(b) is amended by striking ‘‘taxes imposed by section 11 or 1201’’ and in-serting ‘‘tax imposed by section 11’’. (N) Section 6655(g)(1)(A)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘or 1201(a),’’. (O) Section 7518(g)(6)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or 1201(a)’’. (2) Section 1445(e)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘35 percent (or, to the extent provided in regula-tions, 20 percent)’’ and inserting ‘‘20 percent’’. (3) Section 1445(e)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘35 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘20 percent’’. (4) Section 1445(e)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘35 percent (or, to the extent provided in regula-tions, 20 percent)’’ and inserting ‘‘20 percent’’. (5)(A) Part I of subchapter B of chapter 5 is amended by striking section 1551 (and by strik-ing the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (B) Section 12 is amended by striking para-graph (6). (C) Section 535(c)(5) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(5) C
ROSS REFERENCE .—For limitation on credit provided in paragraph (2) or (3) in the case of certain controlled corporations, see sec-tion 1561.’’. (6)(A) Section 1561, as amended by the pre-ceding provisions of this Act, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 1561. LIMITATION ON ACCUMULATED EARN-INGS CREDIT IN THE CASE OF CER-TAIN CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The component members of a controlled group of corporations on a Decem-ber 31 shall, for their taxable years which in-clude such December 31, be limited for purposes of this subtitle to one $250,000 ($150,000 if any component member is a corporation described in section 535(c)(2)(B)) amount for purposes of computing the accumulated earnings credit under section 535(c)(2) and (3). Such amount shall be divided equally among the component members of such group on such December 31 un-less the Secretary prescribes regulations permit-ting an unequal allocation of such amount. ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN SHORT TAXABLE YEARS.—If a corporation has a short taxable year which does not include a December 31 and is a component member of a controlled group of corporations with respect to such taxable year, then for pur-poses of this subtitle, the amount to be used in computing the accumulated earnings credit under section 535(c)(2) and (3) of such corpora-tion for such taxable year shall be the amount specified in subsection (a) with respect to such group, divided by the number of corporations which are component members of such group on the last day of such taxable year. For purposes of the preceding sentence, section 1563(b) shall be applied as if such last day were substituted for December 31.’’. (B) The table of sections for part II of sub-chapter B of chapter 5 is amended by striking the item relating to section 1561 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 1561. Limitation on accumulated earnings credit in the case of certain con-trolled corporations.’’. (7) Section 7518(g)(6)(A) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘With respect to the portion’’ and inserting ‘‘In the case of a taxpayer other than a corporation, with respect to the por-tion’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘(34 percent in the case of a corporation)’’. (c) R
EDUCTION IN DIVIDEND RECEIVED DEDUC -
TIONS TO REFLECT LOWER CORPORATE INCOME  T
AXRATES.— (1) D
IVIDENDS RECEIVED BY CORPORATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 243(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 per-cent’’. (B) D
IVIDENDS FROM 20 -PERCENT OWNED COR -
PORATIONS .—Section 243(c)(1) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’. (C) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading for section 243(c) is amended by striking ‘‘R
E-
TENTION OF 80-PERCENT DIVIDEND RECEIVED DE-
DUCTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘I NCREASED PERCENT -
AGE’’. (2) D
IVIDENDS RECEIVED FROM FSC .—Section 245(c)(1)(B) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’. (3) L
IMITATION ON AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF DE -
DUCTIONS .—Section 246(b)(3) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ in subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’. (4) R
EDUCTION IN DEDUCTION WHERE PORT -
FOLIO STOCK IS DEBT -FINANCED .—Section 246A(a)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9322 November 15, 2017 
(5) I NCOME FROM SOURCES WITHIN THE UNITED  
STATES .—Section 861(a)(2) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘100/70th’’ and inserting ‘‘100/ 50th’’ in subparagraph (B), and (B) in the flush sentence at the end— (i) by striking ‘‘100/80th’’ and inserting ‘‘100/ 65th’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘100/70th’’ and inserting ‘‘100/ 50th’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) C
ERTAIN CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The amendments made by paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (b) shall apply to distributions after December 31, 2017. (e) N
ORMALIZATION REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A normalization method of accounting shall not be treated as being used with respect to any public utility property for purposes of section 167 or 168 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 if the taxpayer, in com-puting its cost of service for ratemaking pur-poses and reflecting operating results in its reg-ulated books of account, reduces the excess tax reserve more rapidly or to a greater extent than such reserve would be reduced under the aver-age rate assumption method. (2) A
LTERNATIVE METHOD FOR CERTAIN TAX -
PAYERS .—If, as of the first day of the taxable year that includes the date of enactment of this Act— (A) the taxpayer was required by a regulatory agency to compute depreciation for public util-ity property on the basis of an average life or composite rate method, and (B) the taxpayer’s books and underlying records did not contain the vintage account data necessary to apply the average rate as-sumption method, the taxpayer will be treated as using a normal-ization method of accounting if, with respect to such jurisdiction, the taxpayer uses the alter-native method for public utility property that is subject to the regulatory authority of that juris-diction. (3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— (A) E
XCESS TAX RESERVE .—The term ‘‘excess tax reserve’’ means the excess of— (i) the reserve for deferred taxes (as described in section 168(i)(9)(A)(ii) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act), over (ii) the amount which would be the balance in such reserve if the amount of such reserve were determined by assuming that the corporate rate reductions provided in this Act were in effect for all prior periods. (B) A
VERAGE RATE ASSUMPTION METHOD .—The average rate assumption method is the method under which the excess in the reserve for de-ferred taxes is reduced over the remaining lives of the property as used in its regulated books of account which gave rise to the reserve for de-ferred taxes. Under such method, if timing dif-ferences for the property reverse, the amount of the adjustment to the reserve for the deferred taxes is calculated by multiplying— (i) the ratio of the aggregate deferred taxes for the property to the aggregate timing differences for the property as of the beginning of the pe-riod in question, by (ii) the amount of the timing differences which reverse during such period. (C) A
LTERNATIVE METHOD .—The ‘‘alternative method’’ is the method in which the taxpayer— (i) computes the excess tax reserve on all pub-lic utility property included in the plant ac-count on the basis of the weighted average life or composite rate used to compute depreciation for regulatory purposes, and (ii) reduces the excess tax reserve ratably over the remaining regulatory life of the property. (4) T
AX INCREASED FOR NORMALIZATION VIOLA -
TION.—If, for any taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of this Act, the taxpayer does not use a normalization method of account-ing, the taxpayer’s tax for the taxable year shall be increased by the amount by which it reduces its excess tax reserve more rapidly than per-mitted under a normalization method of ac-counting. Subtitle B—Cost Recovery SEC. 3101. INCREASED EXPENSING. 
(a) 100 P ERCENT EXPENSING .—Section 168(k)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘50 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘100 percent’’. (b) E
XTENSION THROUGH JANUARY 1, 2023.— Section 168(k)(2) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking ‘‘Jan-uary 1, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2023’’, (2) in subparagraph (B)(i)(II), by striking ‘‘January 1, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2024’’, (3) in subparagraph (B)(i)(III), by striking ‘‘January 1, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2023’’, (4) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘Janu-ary 1, 2020’’ in each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘January 1, 2023’’, and (5) in subparagraph (E)(i), by striking ‘‘Janu-ary 1, 2020’’ and replacing it with ‘‘January 1, 2023’’. (c) A
PPLICATION TO USEDPROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 168(k)(2)(A)(ii) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) the original use of which begins with the taxpayer or the acquisition of which by the tax-payer meets the requirements of clause (ii) of subparagraph (E), and’’. (2) A
CQUISITION REQUIREMENTS .—Section 168(k)(2)(E)(ii) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) A
CQUISITION REQUIREMENTS .—An acqui- sition of property meets the requirements of this clause if— ‘‘(I) such property was not used by the tax-payer at any time prior to such acquisition, and ‘‘(II) the acquisition of such property meets the requirements of paragraphs (2)(A), (2)(B), (2)(C), and (3) of section 179(d).’’, (3) A
NTI-ABUSE RULES .—Section 168(k)(2)(E) is further amended by amending clause (iii)(I) to read as follows: ‘‘(I) property is used by a lessor of such prop-erty and such use is the lessor’s first use of such property,’’. (d) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN TRADES AND  B
USINESSES NOTSUBJECT TO LIMITATION ON IN-
TEREST EXPENSE .—Section 168(k)(2), as amended by section 2001, is amended by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(G) E
XCEPTION FOR PROPERTY OF CERTAIN  
BUSINESSES NOT SUBJECT TO LIMITATION ON IN -
TEREST EXPENSE .—The term ‘qualified property’ shall not include any property used in— ‘‘(i) a trade or business described in subpara-graph (B) or (C) of section 163(j)(7), or ‘‘(ii) a trade or business that has had floor plan financing indebtedness (as defined in para-graph (9) of section 163(j)), if the floor plan fi-nancing interest related to such indebtedness was taken into account under paragraph (1)(C) of such section.’’. (e) C
OORDINATION WITHSECTION 280F.—Sec- tion 168(k)(2)(F) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$8,000’’ in clauses (i) and (iii) and inserting ‘‘$16,000’’, and (2) in clause (iii)— (A) by striking ‘‘placed in service by the tax-payer after December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘acquired by the taxpayer before September 28, 2017, and placed in service by the taxpayer after September 27, 2017’’, and (B) by redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) as subclauses (II) and (III) respectively, and in-serting before clause (II), as so redesignated, the following new subclause: ‘‘(I) in the case of a passenger automobile placed in service before January 1, 2018, ‘$8,000’,’’. (f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 168(k)(2)(B)(i)(III), as amended, is amended by inserting ‘‘binding’’ before ‘‘con-tract’’. (2) Section 168(k)(5) is amended by— (A) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2020’’ in subpara-graph (A) and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2023’’, (B) by striking ‘‘50 percent’’ in subparagraph (A)(i) and inserting ‘‘100 percent’’, and (C) by striking subparagraph (F). (3) Section 168(k)(6) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(6) PHASE DOWN .—In the case of qualified property acquired by the taxpayer before Sep-tember 28, 2017, and placed in service by the tax-payer after September 27, 2017, paragraph (1)(A) shall be applied by substituting for ‘100 per-cent’— ‘‘(A) ‘50 percent’ in the case of— ‘‘(i) property placed in service before January 1, 2018, and ‘‘(ii) property described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2) which is placed in serv-ice in 2018, ‘‘(B) ‘40 percent’ in the case of— ‘‘(i) property placed in service in 2018 (other than property described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2)), and ‘‘(ii) property described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2) which is placed in serv-ice in 2019, and ‘‘(C) ‘30 percent’ in the case of— ‘‘(i) property placed in service in 2019 (other than property described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2)), and ‘‘(ii) property described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2) which is placed in serv-ice in 2020.’’. (4) The heading of section 168(k) is amended by striking ‘‘S
PECIAL ALLOWANCE FOR CERTAIN  P
ROPERTY ACQUIRED AFTER DECEMBER 31, 2007, 
AND BEFORE JANUARY 1, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘F
ULLEXPENSING OF CERTAIN PROPERTY ’’. (5) Section 460(c)(6)(B)(ii) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘January 1, 2020 (January 1, 2021 in the case of property described in section 168(k)(2)(B))’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2023 (January 1, 2024 in the case of property de-scribed in section 168(k)(2)(B))’’. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except at provided by para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to property which— (A) is acquired after September 27, 2017, and (B) is placed in service after such date. For purposes of the preceding sentence, property shall not be treated as acquired after the date on which a written binding contract is entered into for such acquisition. (2) S
PECIFIED PLANTS .—The amendments made by subsection (f)(2) shall apply to specified plants planted or grafted after September 27, 2017. (3) T
RANSITION RULE .—In the case of any tax-payer’s first taxable year ending after September 27, 2017, the taxpayer may elect (at such time and in such form and manner as the Secretary of the Treasury, or his designee, may provide) to apply section 168 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 without regard to the amendments made by this section. (4) L
IMITATION ON NET OPERATING LOSS  
CARRYBACKS ATTRIBUTABLE TO FULL EXPENS -
ING.—In the case of any taxable year which in-cludes any portion of the period beginning on September 28, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2017, the amount of any net operating loss for such taxable year which may be treated as a net operating loss carryback (including any such carryback attributable to any specified liability loss under section 172(b)(1)(C), any corporate equity reduction interest loss under section 172(b)(1)(D), any eligible loss under section 172(b)(1)(E), and any farming loss under section 172(b)(1)(F)) shall be determined without regard to the amendments made by this section. For purposes of this paragraph, terms which are used in section 172 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (determined without regard to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9323 November 15, 2017 
amendments made by section 3302) shall have the same meaning as when used in such section. Subtitle C—Small Business Reforms 
SEC. 3201. EXPANSION OF SECTION 179 EXPENS-ING. 
(a) I NCREASED DOLLAR LIMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 179(b) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘($5,000,000, in the case of taxable years beginning before January 1, 2023)’’ after ‘‘$500,000’’ in paragraph (1), and (B) by inserting ‘‘($20,000,000, in the case of taxable years beginning before January 1, 2023)’’ after ‘‘$2,000,000’’ in paragraph (2). (2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—Section 179(b)(6) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(6) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2015 (2018 in the case of the $5,000,000 and $20,000,000 amounts in subsection (b)), each dollar amount in subsection (b) shall be increased by an amount equal to such dollar amount multiplied by— ‘‘(i) in the case of the $500,000 and $2,000,000 amounts in subsection (b), the cost-of-living ad-justment determined under section 1(c)(2) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2014’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of the $5,000,000 and $20,000,000 amounts in subsection (b), the cost- of-living adjustment determined under section 1(c)(2) for the calendar year in which the tax-able year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. ‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—The amount of any increase under subparagraph (A) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $10,000 ($100,000 in the case of the $5,000,000 and $20,000,000 amounts in sub-section (b)).’’. (b) A
PPLICATION TO QUALIFIED ENERGY EFFI-
CIENT HEATING AND AIR-CONDITIONING PROP-
ERTY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 179(f)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end of sub-paragraph (C) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(D) qualified energy efficient heating and air-conditioning property.’’. (2) Q
UALIFIED ENERGY EFFICIENT HEATING AND  
AIR-CONDITIONING PROPERTY .—Section 179(f) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED ENERGY EFFICIENT HEATING  
AND AIR -CONDITIONING PROPERTY .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified energy efficient heating and air-conditioning property’ means any section 1250 property— ‘‘(i) with respect to which depreciation (or amortization in lieu of depreciation) is allow-able, ‘‘(ii) which is installed as part of a building’s heating, cooling, ventilation, or hot water sys-tem, and ‘‘(iii) which is within the scope of Standard 90.1–2007 or any successor standard. ‘‘(B) S
TANDARD 90 .1–2007.—The term ‘Standard 90.1–2007’ means Standard 90.1–2007 of the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers and the Illu-minating Engineering Society of North America (as in effect on the day before the date of the adoption of Standard 90.1–2010 of such Soci-eties).’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
NCREASED DOLLAR LIMITATIONS .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) A
PPLICATION TO QUALIFIED ENERGY EFFI -
CIENT HEATING AND AIR -CONDITIONING PROP -
ERTY.—The amendments made by subsection (b) shall apply to property acquired and placed in service after November 2, 2017. For purposes of the preceding sentence, property shall not be treated as acquired after the date on which a written binding contract is entered into for such acquisition. SEC. 3202. SMALL BUSINESS ACCOUNTING METH-OD REFORM AND SIMPLIFICATION. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON CASH M
ETHOD OF ACCOUNTING .— (1) I
NCREASED LIMITATION .—So much of sec-tion 448(c) as precedes paragraph (2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) G
ROSS RECEIPTS TEST.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A corporation or partner-ship meets the gross receipts test of this sub-section for any taxable year if the average an-nual gross receipts of such entity for the 3-tax-able-year period ending with the taxable year which precedes such taxable year does not ex-ceed $25,000,000.’’. (2) A
PPLICATION OF EXCEPTION ON ANNUAL  
BASIS .—Section 448(b)(3) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) E
NTITIES WHICH MEET GROSS RECEIPTS  
TEST.—Paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall not apply to any corporation or partner-ship for any taxable year if such entity (or any predecessor) meets the gross receipts test of sub-section (c) for such taxable year.’’. (3) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—Section 448(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2018, the dollar amount in paragraph (1) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(c)(2) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount as increased under the preceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000,000, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000,000.’’. (4) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—Section 448(d)(7) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(7) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—Any change in method of accounting made pursuant to this section shall be treated for purposes of section 481 as initiated by the taxpayer and made with the consent of the Secretary.’’. (5) A
PPLICATION OF EXCEPTION TO CORPORA -
TIONS ENGAGED IN FARMING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 447(c) is amended— (i) by inserting ‘‘for any taxable year’’ after ‘‘not being a corporation’’ in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), and (ii) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) a corporation which meets the gross re-ceipts test of section 448(c) for such taxable year.’’. (B) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—Section 447(f) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) C
OORDINATION WITHSECTION 481.—Any change in method of accounting made pursuant to this section shall be treated for purposes of section 481 as initiated by the taxpayer and made with the consent of the Secretary.’’. (C) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 447 is amended— (i) by striking subsections (d), (e), (h), and (i), and (ii) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) (as amended by subparagraph (B)) as sub-sections (d) and (e), respectively. (b) E
XEMPTION FROM UNICAP R EQUIRE -
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 263A is amended by redesignating subsection (i) as subsection (j) and by inserting after subsection (h) the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) E
XEMPTION FOR CERTAIN SMALL BUSI-
NESSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxpayer (other than a tax shelter prohibited from using the cash receipts and disbursements method of accounting under section 448(a)(3)) which meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for any taxable year, this section shall not apply with respect to such taxpayer for such taxable year. ‘‘(2) APPLICATION OF GROSS RECEIPTS TEST TO  
INDIVIDUALS , ETC.— In the case of any taxpayer which is not a corporation or a partnership, the gross receipts test of section 448(c) shall be ap-plied in the same manner as if each trade or business of such taxpayer were a corporation or partnership. ‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—Any change in method of accounting made pursuant to this subsection shall be treated for purposes of section 481 as initiated by the taxpayer and made with the consent of the Secretary.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 263A(b)(2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
ROPERTY ACQUIRED FOR RESALE .—Real or personal property described in section 1221(a)(1) which is acquired by the taxpayer for resale.’’. (c) E
XEMPTION FROM INVENTORIES .—Section 471 is amended by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d) and by inserting after sub-section (b) the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) E
XEMPTION FOR CERTAIN SMALL BUSI-
NESSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxpayer (other than a tax shelter prohibited from using the cash receipts and disbursements method of accounting under section 448(a)(3)) which meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for any taxable year— ‘‘(A) subsection (a) shall not apply with re-spect to such taxpayer for such taxable year, and ‘‘(B) the taxpayer’s method of accounting for inventory for such taxable year shall not be treated as failing to clearly reflect income if such method either— ‘‘(i) treats inventory as non-incidental mate-rials and supplies, or ‘‘(ii) conforms to such taxpayer’s method of accounting reflected in an applicable financial statement of the taxpayer with respect to such taxable year or, if the taxpayer does not have any applicable financial statement with respect to such taxable year, the books and records of the taxpayer prepared in accordance with the taxpayer’s accounting procedures. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE FINANCIAL STATEMENT .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘applicable financial statement’ means— ‘‘(A) a financial statement which is certified as being prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and which is— ‘‘(i) a 10-K (or successor form), or annual statement to shareholders, required to be filed by the taxpayer with the United States Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, ‘‘(ii) an audited financial statement of the taxpayer which is used for— ‘‘(I) credit purposes, ‘‘(II) reporting to shareholders, partners, or other proprietors, or to beneficiaries, or ‘‘(III) any other substantial nontax purpose, but only if there is no statement of the taxpayer described in clause (i), or ‘‘(iii) filed by the taxpayer with any other Federal or State agency for nontax purposes, but only if there is no statement of the taxpayer described in clause (i) or (ii), or ‘‘(B) a financial statement of the taxpayer which— ‘‘(i) is used for a purpose described in sub-clause (I), (II), or (III) of subparagraph (A)(ii), or ‘‘(ii) filed by the taxpayer with any regulatory or governmental body (whether domestic or for-eign) specified by the Secretary, but only if there is no statement of the taxpayer described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION OF GROSS RECEIPTS TEST TO  
INDIVIDUALS , ETC.—In the case of any taxpayer which is not a corporation or a partnership, the gross receipts test of section 448(c) shall be ap-plied in the same manner as if each trade or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9324 November 15, 2017 
business of such taxpayer were a corporation or partnership. ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—Any change in method of accounting made pursuant to this subsection shall be treated for purposes of section 481 as initiated by the taxpayer and made with the consent of the Secretary.’’. (d) E
XEMPTION FROM PERCENTAGE COMPLE -
TION FOR LONG-TERM CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 460(e)(1)(B) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(other than a tax shelter prohibited from using the cash receipts and dis-bursements method of accounting under section 448(a)(3))’’ after ‘‘taxpayer’’ in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), and (B) by amending clause (ii) to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) who meets the gross receipts test of sec-tion 448(c) for the taxable year in which such contract is entered into.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 460(e) is amended by striking paragraphs (2) and (3), by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respectively, and by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) R
ULES RELATED TO GROSS RECEIPTS  
TEST.— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION OF GROSS RECEIPTS TEST TO  
INDIVIDUALS , ETC.— For purposes of paragraph (1)(B)(ii), in the case of any taxpayer which is not a corporation or a partnership, the gross re-ceipts test of section 448(c) shall be applied in the same manner as if each trade or business of such taxpayer were a corporation or partner-ship. ‘‘(B) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—Any change in method of accounting made pursuant to paragraph (1)(B)(ii) shall be treated as initi-ated by the taxpayer and made with the consent of the Secretary. Such change shall be effected on a cut-off basis for all similarly classified con-tracts entered into on or after the year of change.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) P
RESERVATION OF SUSPENSE ACCOUNT  
RULES WITH RESPECT TO ANY EXISTING SUSPENSE  
ACCOUNTS .—So much of the amendments made by subsection (a)(5)(C) as relate to section 447(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply with respect to any suspense account es-tablished under such section before the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) E
XEMPTION FROM PERCENTAGE COMPLETION  
FOR LONG -TERM CONTRACTS .—The amendments made by subsection (d) shall apply to contracts entered into after December 31, 2017, in taxable years ending after such date. 
SEC. 3203. SMALL BUSINESS EXCEPTION FROM LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION OF BUSINESS INTEREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 163(j)(2), as amend-ed by section 3301, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) E
XEMPTION FOR CERTAIN SMALL BUSI -
NESSES .—In the case of any taxpayer (other than a tax shelter prohibited from using the cash receipts and disbursements method of ac-counting under section 448(a)(3)) which meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for any taxable year, paragraph (1) shall not apply to such taxpayer for such taxable year. In the case of any taxpayer which is not a corporation or a partnership, the gross receipts test of section 448(c) shall be applied in the same manner as if such taxpayer were a corporation or partner-ship.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3204. MODIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF S CORPORATION CONVERSIONS TO C CORPORATIONS. 
(a) A DJUSTMENTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO CONVER -
SION FROM S C ORPORATION TO C C ORPORA -TION.—Section 481 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
DJUSTMENTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO CONVER -
SION FROM S C ORPORATION TO C C ORPORA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an eligible terminated S corporation, any adjustment re-quired by subsection (a)(2) which is attributable to such corporation’s revocation described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) shall be taken into account ratably during the 6-taxable year period begin-ning with the year of change. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE TERMINATED S CORPORATION .— For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘eligi-ble terminated S corporation’ means any C cor-poration— ‘‘(A) which— ‘‘(i) was an S corporation on the day before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and ‘‘(ii) during the 2-year period beginning on the date of such enactment makes a revocation of its election under section 1362(a), and ‘‘(B) the owners of the stock of which, deter-mined on the date such revocation is made, are the same owners (and in identical proportions) as on the date of such enactment.’’. (b) C
ASH DISTRIBUTIONS FOLLOWING POST- 
TERMINATION TRANSITION PERIOD FROM S COR-
PORATION STATUS .—Section 1371 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) C
ASHDISTRIBUTIONS FOLLOWING POST- 
TERMINATION TRANSITION PERIOD .—In the case of a distribution of money by an eligible termi-nated S corporation (as defined in section 481(d)) after the post-termination transition pe-riod, the accumulated adjustments account shall be allocated to such distribution, and the dis-tribution shall be chargeable to accumulated earnings and profits, in the same ratio as the amount of such accumulated adjustments ac-count bears to the amount of such accumulated earnings and profits.’’. Subtitle D—Reform of Business-related Exclusions, Deductions, etc. 
SEC. 3301. INTEREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 163(j) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(j) L
IMITATION ON BUSINESS INTEREST .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxpayer for any taxable year, the amount allowed as a deduction under this chapter for business inter-est shall not exceed the sum of— ‘‘(A) the business interest income of such tax-payer for such taxable year, ‘‘(B) 30 percent of the adjusted taxable income of such taxpayer for such taxable year, plus ‘‘(C) the floor plan financing interest of such taxpayer for such taxable year. The amount determined under subparagraph (B) (after any increases in such amount under paragraph (3)(A)(iii)) shall not be less than zero. ‘‘(2) E
XEMPTION FOR CERTAIN SMALL BUSI -
NESSES .—For exemption for certain small busi-nesses, see the amendment made by section 3203 of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS , ETC.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any partner-ship— ‘‘(i) this subsection shall be applied at the partnership level and any deduction for busi-ness interest shall be taken into account in de-termining the non-separately stated taxable in-come or loss of the partnership, ‘‘(ii) the adjusted taxable income of each part-ner of such partnership shall be determined without regard to such partner’s distributive share of the non-separately stated taxable in-come or loss of such partnership, and ‘‘(iii) the amount determined under paragraph (1)(B) with respect to each partner of such part-nership shall be increased by such partner’s dis-tributive share of such partnership’s excess amount. ‘‘(B) E
XCESS AMOUNT .—The term ‘excess amount’ means, with respect to any partner-ship, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) 30 percent of the adjusted taxable income of the partnership, over ‘‘(ii) the amount (if any) by which the busi-ness interest of the partnership, reduced by floor plan financing interest, exceeds the business in-terest income of the partnership. ‘‘(C) APPLICATION TO S CORPORATIONS .—Rules similar to the rules of subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall apply with respect to any S corpora-tion and its shareholders. ‘‘(4) B
USINESS INTEREST .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘business interest’ means any interest paid or accrued on indebtedness properly allocable to a trade or business. Such term shall not include investment interest (with-in the meaning of subsection (d)). ‘‘(5) B
USINESS INTEREST INCOME .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘business inter-est income’ means the amount of interest includ-ible in the gross income of the taxpayer for the taxable year which is properly allocable to a trade or business. Such term shall not include investment income (within the meaning of sub-section (d)). ‘‘(6) A
DJUSTED TAXABLE INCOME .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘adjusted tax-able income’ means the taxable income of the taxpayer— ‘‘(A) computed without regard to— ‘‘(i) any item of income, gain, deduction, or loss which is not properly allocable to a trade or business, ‘‘(ii) any business interest or business interest income, ‘‘(iii) the amount of any net operating loss de-duction under section 172, and ‘‘(iv) any deduction allowable for deprecia-tion, amortization, or depletion, and ‘‘(B) computed with such other adjustments as the Secretary may provide. ‘‘(7) T
RADE OR BUSINESS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘trade or business’ shall not include— ‘‘(A) the trade or business of performing serv-ices as an employee, ‘‘(B) a real property trade or business (as such term is defined in section 469(c)(7)(C)), or ‘‘(C) the trade or business of the furnishing or sale of— ‘‘(i) electrical energy, water, or sewage dis-posal services, ‘‘(ii) gas or steam through a local distribution system, or ‘‘(iii) transportation of gas or steam by pipe-line, if the rates for such furnishing or sale, as the case may be, have been established or approved by a State or political subdivision thereof, by any agency or instrumentality of the United States, or by a public service or public utility commission or other similar body of any State or political subdivision thereof. ‘‘(8) C
ARRYFORWARD OF DISALLOWED INTER -
EST.—For carryforward of interest disallowed under paragraph (1), see subsection (o). ‘‘(9) F
LOOR PLAN FINANCING INTEREST DE -
FINED .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘floor plan fi-nancing interest’ means interest paid or accrued on floor plan financing indebtedness. ‘‘(B) F
LOOR PLAN FINANCING INDEBTEDNESS .— The term ‘floor plan financing indebtedness’ means indebtedness— ‘‘(i) used to finance the acquisition of motor vehicles held for sale to retail customers, and ‘‘(ii) secured by the inventory so acquired. ‘‘(C) M
OTOR VEHICLE .—The term ‘motor vehi-cle’ means a motor vehicle that is any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) An automobile. ‘‘(ii) A truck. ‘‘(iii) A recreational vehicle. ‘‘(iv) A motorcycle. ‘‘(v) A boat. ‘‘(vi) Farm machinery or equipment. ‘‘(vii) Construction machinery or equipment.’’. (b) C
ARRYFORWARD OF DISALLOWED BUSINESS  I
NTEREST .—Section 163, after amendment by sec-tion 4302(a) and before amendment by section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9325 November 15, 2017 
4302(b), is amended by inserting after subsection (n) the following new subsection: ‘‘(o) C
ARRYFORWARD OF DISALLOWED BUSI-
NESS INTEREST .—The amount of any business in-terest not allowed as a deduction for any tax-able year by reason of subsection (j) shall be treated as business interest paid or accrued in the succeeding taxable year. Business interest paid or accrued in any taxable year (determined without regard to the preceding sentence) shall not be carried past the 5th taxable year fol-lowing such taxable year, determined by treat-ing business interest as allowed as a deduction on a first-in, first-out basis.’’. (c) T
REATMENT OF CARRYFORWARD OF DIS-
ALLOWED BUSINESS INTEREST IN CERTAIN COR-
PORATE ACQUISITIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 381(c) is amended by inserting after paragraph (19) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(20) C
ARRYFORWARD OF DISALLOWED INTER -
EST.—The carryover of disallowed interest de-scribed in section 163(o) to taxable years ending after the date of distribution or transfer.’’. (2) A
PPLICATION OF LIMITATION .—Section 382(d) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION TO CARRYFORWARD OF DIS -
ALLOWED INTEREST .—The term ‘pre-change loss’ shall include any carryover of disallowed inter-est described in section 163(o) under rules simi-lar to the rules of paragraph (1).’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 382(k)(1) is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘Such term shall include any corporation entitled to use a carryforward of disallowed interest described in section 381(c)(20).’’ (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3302. MODIFICATION OF NET OPERATING LOSS DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NDEFINITE CARRYFORWARD OF NETOPER-
ATING LOSSES .—Section 172(b)(1)(A)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘to each of the 20 taxable years’’ and inserting ‘‘to each taxable year’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF NET OPERATING LOSS C
ARRYBACKS OTHER THAN 1-YEAR CARRYBACK  
OFELIGIBLE DISASTER LOSSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 172(b)(1)(A)(i) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) in the case of any portion of a net oper-ating loss for the taxable year which is an eligi-ble disaster loss with respect to the taxpayer, shall be a net operating loss carryback to the taxable year preceding the taxable year of such loss, and’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 172(b)(1) is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) through (F) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE DISASTER LOSS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A)(i), the term ‘eligible disaster loss’ means— ‘‘(I) in the case of a taxpayer which is a small business, net operating losses attributable to federally declared disasters (as defined by sec-tion 165(i)(5)), and ‘‘(II) in the case of a taxpayer engaged in the trade or business of farming, net operating losses attributable to such federally declared disasters. ‘‘(ii) S
MALL BUSINESS .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘small business’ means a corporation or partnership which meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) (determined by substituting ‘$5,000,000’ for ‘$25,000,000’ each place it appears therein) for the taxable year in which the loss arose (or, in the case of a sole proprietorship, which would meet such test if such proprietorship were a corporation). ‘‘(iii) T
RADE OR BUSINESS OF FARMING .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the trade or business of farming shall include the trade or business of— ‘‘(I) operating a nursery or sod farm, or ‘‘(II) the raising or harvesting of trees bearing fruit, nuts, or other crops, or ornamental trees. For purposes of subclause (II), an evergreen tree which is more than 6 years old at the time sev-ered from the roots shall not be treated as an or-namental tree.’’. (B) Section 172 is amended by striking sub-sections (f), (g), and (h). (c) LIMITATION OF NETOPERATING LOSS TO 90 P
ERCENT OF TAXABLE INCOME .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 172(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) D
EDUCTION ALLOWED .—There shall be al-lowed as a deduction for the taxable year an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(1) the aggregate of the net operating loss carryovers to such year, plus the net operating loss carrybacks to such year, or ‘‘(2) 90 percent of taxable income computed without regard to the deduction allowable under this section. For purposes of this subtitle, the term ‘net oper-ating loss deduction’ means the deduction al-lowed by this subsection.’’. (2) C
OORDINATION OF LIMITATION WITH  
CARRYBACKS AND CARRYOVERS .—Section 172(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘shall be com-puted—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘shall— ‘‘(A) be computed with the modifications spec-ified in subsection (d) other than paragraphs (1), (4), and (5) thereof, and by determining the amount of the net operating loss deduction without regard to the net operating loss for the loss year or for any taxable year thereafter, ‘‘(B) not be considered to be less than zero, and ‘‘(C) not exceed the amount determined under subsection (a)(2) for such prior taxable year.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 172(d)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) subsection (a)(2) shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘real estate investment trust taxable in-come (as defined in section 857(b)(2) but without regard to the deduction for dividends paid (as defined in section 561))’ for ‘taxable income’.’’. (d) A
NNUAL INCREASE OF INDEFINITE CARRY -
OVER AMOUNTS .—Section 172(b) is amended by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4) and by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) A
NNUAL INCREASE OF INDEFINITE CARRY -
OVER AMOUNTS .—For purposes of paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) the amount of any indefinite net oper-ating loss which is carried to the next suc-ceeding taxable year after the loss year (within the meaning of paragraph (2)) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) the amount of the loss which may be so carried over to such succeeding taxable year (determined without regard to this paragraph), multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the annual Federal short-term rate (de-termined under section 1274(d)) for the last month ending before the beginning of such tax-able year, plus ‘‘(II) 4 percentage points, and ‘‘(B) the amount of any indefinite net oper-ating loss which is carried to any succeeding taxable year (after such next succeeding taxable year) shall be an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) the excess of— ‘‘(I) the amount of the loss carried to the prior taxable year (after any increase under this paragraph with respect to such amount), over ‘‘(II) the amount by which such loss was re-duced under paragraph (2) by reason of the tax-able income for such prior taxable year, multi-plied by ‘‘(ii) a percentage equal to 100 percent plus the percentage determined under subparagraph (A)(ii) with respect to such succeeding taxable year. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘indefinite net operating loss’ means any net op-erating loss arising in a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017.’’. (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) C
ARRYFORWARDS AND CARRYBACKS .—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall apply to net operating losses arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) N
ET OPERATING LOSS LIMITED TO 90 PER -
CENT OF TAXABLE INCOME .—The amendments made by subsection (c) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (3) A
NNUAL INCREASE IN CARRYOVER  
AMOUNTS .—The amendments made by subsection (d) shall apply to amounts carried to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (4) S
PECIAL RULE FOR NET DISASTER LOSSES .— Notwithstanding paragraph (1), the amend-ments made by subsection (b) shall not apply to the portion of the net operating loss for any tax-able year which is a net disaster loss to which section 504(b) of the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017 ap-plies. 
SEC. 3303. LIKE-KIND EXCHANGES OF REAL PROP-ERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1031(a)(1) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘property’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘real property’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Paragraph (2) of section 1031(a) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR REAL PROPERTY HELD FOR  
SALE.—This subsection shall not apply to any exchange of real property held primarily for sale.’’. (2) Section 1031 is amended by striking sub-sections (e) and (i). (3) Section 1031, as amended by paragraph (2), is amended by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION TO CERTAIN PARTNER -
SHIPS .—For purposes of this section, an interest in a partnership which has in effect a valid election under section 761(a) to be excluded from the application of all of subchapter K shall be treated as an interest in each of the assets of such partnership and not as an interest in a partnership.’’. (4) Section 1031(h) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR FOREIGN REALPROP-
ERTY.—Real property located in the United States and real property located outside the United States are not property of a like kind.’’. (5) The heading of section 1031 is amended by striking ‘‘
PROPERTY ’’ and inserting ‘‘ REAL PROP -
ERTY’’. (6) The table of sections for part III of sub-chapter O of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 1031 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 1031. Exchange of real property held for productive use or investment.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to exchanges completed after December 31, 2017. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—The amendments made by this section shall not apply to any exchange if— (A) the property disposed of by the taxpayer in the exchange is disposed of on or before De-cember 31 2017, or (B) the property received by the taxpayer in the exchange is received on or before December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3304. REVISION OF TREATMENT OF CON-TRIBUTIONS TO CAPITAL. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF CONTRIBUTIONS TO CAP-
ITAL.—Part II of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 75 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 76. CONTRIBUTIONS TO CAPITAL. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Gross income includes any contribution to the capital of any entity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9326 November 15, 2017 
‘‘(b) T REATMENT OF CONTRIBUTIONS IN EX-
CHANGE FOR STOCK , ETC.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any con-tribution of money or other property to a cor-poration in exchange for stock of such corpora-tion— ‘‘(A) such contribution shall not be treated for purposes of subsection (a) as a contribution to the capital of such corporation (and shall not be includible in the gross income of such corpora-tion), and ‘‘(B) no gain or loss shall be recognized to such corporation upon the issuance of such stock. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT LIMITED TO VALUE OF  
STOCK .—For purposes of this subsection, a con-tribution of money or other property to a cor-poration shall be treated as being in exchange for stock of such corporation only to the extent that the fair market value of such money and other property does not exceed the fair market value of such stock. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION TO ENTITIES OTHER THAN  
CORPORATIONS .—In the case of any entity other than a corporation, rules similar to the rules of paragraphs (1) and (2) shall apply in the case of any contribution of money or other property to such entity in exchange for any interest in such entity. ‘‘(c) T
REASURY STOCK TREATED AS STOCK .— Any reference in this section to stock shall be treated as including a reference to treasury stock.’’. (b) B
ASIS OF CORPORATION IN CONTRIBUTED  P
ROPERTY .— (1) C
ONTRIBUTIONS TO CAPITAL .—Subsection (c) of section 362 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) C
ONTRIBUTIONS TO CAPITAL .—If property other than money is transferred to a corporation as a contribution to the capital of such corpora-tion (within the meaning of section 76) then the basis of such property shall be the greater of— ‘‘(1) the basis determined in the hands of the transferor, increased by the amount of gain rec-ognized to the transferor on such transfer, or ‘‘(2) the amount included in gross income by such corporation under section 76 with respect to such contribution.’’. (2) C
ONTRIBUTIONS IN EXCHANGE FOR STOCK .— Paragraph (2) of section 362(a) is amended by striking ‘‘contribution to capital’’ and inserting ‘‘contribution in exchange for stock of such cor-poration (determined under rules similar to the rules of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 76(b))’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 108(e) is amended by striking para-graph (6). (2) Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 118 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (3) The table of sections for part II of sub-chapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 75 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 76. Contributions to capital.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to contributions made, and transactions entered into, after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3305. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR LOCAL LOBBYING EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 162(e) is amended by striking paragraphs (2) and (7) and by redesig-nating paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (6), and (8) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), (5), and (6), respec-tively. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 6033(e)(1)(B)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 162(e)(5)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 162(e)(4)(B)(ii)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3306. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO DOMESTIC PRO-DUCTION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 199 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections for such part). (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Sections 74(d)(2)(B), 86(b)(2)(A), 137(b)(3)(A), 219(g)(3)(A)(ii), and 246(b)(1) are each amended by striking ‘‘199,’’. (2) Section 170(b)(2)(D), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by striking clause (iv), by redesignating clause (v) as clause (iv), and by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (iii). (3) Section 172(d) is amended by striking para-graph (7). (4) Section 613(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and without the deduction under section 199’’. (5) Section 613A(d)(1) is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and by redesignating sub-paragraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D), respectively. (6) Section 1402(a) is amended by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (15) and by striking paragraph (16). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3307. ENTERTAINMENT, ETC. EXPENSES. 
(a) D ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .—Subsection (a) of section 274 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) E
NTERTAINMENT , A MUSEMENT , R ECRE-
ATION , ANDOTHER FRINGE BENEFITS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No deduction otherwise al-lowable under this chapter shall be allowed for amounts paid or incurred for any of the fol-lowing items: ‘‘(A) A
CTIVITY .—With respect to an activity which is of a type generally considered to con-stitute entertainment, amusement, or recreation. ‘‘(B) M
EMBERSHIP DUES .—With respect to membership in any club organized for business, pleasure, recreation or other social purposes. ‘‘(C) A
MENITY .—With respect to a de minimis fringe (as defined in section 132(e)(1)) that is primarily personal in nature and involving property or services that are not directly related to the taxpayer’s trade or business. ‘‘(D) F
ACILITY .—With respect to a facility or portion thereof used in connection with an ac-tivity referred to in subparagraph (A), member-ship dues or similar amounts referred to in sub-paragraph (B), or an amenity referred to in sub-paragraph (C). ‘‘(E) Q
UALIFIED TRANSPORTATION FRINGE AND  
PARKING FACILITY .—Which is a qualified trans-portation fringe (as defined in section 132(f)) or which is a parking facility used in connection with qualified parking (as defined in section 132(f)(5)(C)). ‘‘(F) O
N-PREMISES ATHLETIC FACILITY .—Which is an on-premises athletic facility as defined in section 132(j)(4)(B). ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES .—For purposes of apply-ing paragraph (1), an activity described in sec-tion 212 shall be treated as a trade or business. ‘‘(3) R
EGULATIONS .—Under the regulations prescribed to carry out this section, the Sec-retary shall include regulations— ‘‘(A) defining entertainment, amenities, recre-ation, amusement, and facilities for purposes of this subsection, ‘‘(B) providing for the appropriate allocation of depreciation and other costs with respect to facilities used for parking or for on-premises athletic facilities, and ‘‘(C) specifying arrangements a primary pur-pose of which is the avoidance of this sub-section.’’. (b) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN EXPENSES IN-
CLUDIBLE IN INCOME OF RECIPIENT .— (1) E
XPENSES TREATED AS COMPENSATION .— Paragraph (2) of section 274(e) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) E
XPENSES TREATED AS COMPENSATION .— Expenses for goods, services, and facilities, to the extent that the expenses do not exceed the amount of the expenses which are treated by the taxpayer, with respect to the recipient of the en-tertainment, amusement, or recreation, as com-pensation to an employee on the taxpayer’s re-turn of tax under this chapter and as wages to such employee for purposes of chapter 24 (relat-ing to withholding of income tax at source on wages).’’. (2) EXPENSES INCLUDIBLE IN INCOME OF PER -
SONS WHO ARE NOT EMPLOYEES .—Paragraph (9) of section 274(e) is amended by striking ‘‘to the extent that the expenses’’ and inserting ‘‘to the extent that the expenses do not exceed the amount of the expenses that’’. (c) E
XCEPTIONS FOR REIMBURSED EXPENSES .— Paragraph (3) of section 274(e) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) R
EIMBURSED EXPENSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Expenses paid or incurred by the taxpayer, in connection with the per-formance by him of services for another person (whether or not such other person is the tax-payer’s employer), under a reimbursement or other expense allowance arrangement with such other person, but this paragraph shall apply— ‘‘(i) where the services are performed for an employer, only if the employer has not treated such expenses in the manner provided in para-graph (2), or ‘‘(ii) where the services are performed for a person other than an employer, only if the tax-payer accounts (to the extent provided by sub-section (d)) to such person. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Except as provided by the Secretary, subparagraph (A) shall not apply— ‘‘(i) in the case of an arrangement in which the person other than the employer is an entity described in section 168(h)(2)(A), or ‘‘(ii) to any other arrangement designated by the Secretary as having the effect of avoiding the limitation under subparagraph (A).’’. (d) 50 P
ERCENT LIMITATION ON MEALS AND EN-
TERTAINMENT EXPENSES .—Subsection (n) of sec-tion 274 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(n) L
IMITATION ON CERTAIN EXPENSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount allowable as a deduction under this chapter for any expense for food or beverages (pursuant to subsection (e)(1)) or business meals (pursuant to subsection (k)(1)) shall not exceed 50 percent of the amount of such expense or item which would (but for this paragraph) be allowable as a deduction under this chapter. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any expense if— ‘‘(A) such expense is described in paragraph (2), (3), (6), (7), or (8) of subsection (e), ‘‘(B) in the case of an expense for food or bev-erages, such expense is excludable from the gross income of the recipient under section 132 by reason of subsection (e) thereof (relating to de minimis fringes) or under section 119 (relating to meals and lodging furnished for convenience of employer), or ‘‘(C) in the case of an employer who pays or reimburses moving expenses of an employee, such expenses are includible in the income of the employee under section 82. ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE FOR INDIVIDUALS SUBJECT  
TO FEDERAL HOURS OF SERVICE .—In the case of any expenses for food or beverages consumed while away from home (within the meaning of section 162(a)(2)) by an individual during, or in-cident to, the period of duty subject to the hours of service limitations of the Department of Transportation, paragraph (1) shall be applied by substituting ‘80 percent’ for ‘50 percent’.’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 274(d) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-nating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively, and (B) in the flush material following paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking ‘‘, entertainment, amusement, recreation, or’’ in item (B), and (ii) by striking ‘‘(D) the business relationship to the taxpayer of persons entertained, using the facility or property, or receiving the gift’’ and inserting ‘‘(D) the business relationship to the taxpayer of the person receiving the ben-efit’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9327 November 15, 2017 
(2) Section 274(e) is amended by striking para-graph (4) and redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), (7), (8), and (9) as paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), and (8), respectively. (3) Section 274(k)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘(4), (7), (8), or (9)’’ and inserting ‘‘(6), (7), or (8)’’. (4) Section 274 is amended by striking sub-section (l). (5) Section 274(m)(1)(B)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘(4), (7), (8), or (9)’’ and inserting ‘‘(6), (7), or (8)’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3308. UNRELATED BUSINESS TAXABLE IN-COME INCREASED BY AMOUNT OF CERTAIN FRINGE BENEFIT EX-PENSES FOR WHICH DEDUCTION IS DISALLOWED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 512(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) I
NCREASE IN UNRELATED BUSINESS TAX -
ABLE INCOME BY DISALLOWED FRINGE .—Unre- lated business taxable income of an organization shall be increased by any amount for which a deduction is not allowable under this chapter by reason of section 274 and which is paid or in-curred by such organization for any qualified transportation fringe (as defined in section 132(f)), any parking facility used in connection with qualified parking (as defined in section 132(f)(5)(C)), or any on-premises athletic facility (as defined in section 132(j)(4)(B)). The pre-ceding sentence shall not apply to the extent the amount paid or incurred is directly connected with an unrelated trade or business which is regularly carried on by the organization. The Secretary may issue such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this paragraph, in-cluding regulations or other guidance providing for the appropriate allocation of depreciation and other costs with respect to facilities used for parking or for on-premises athletic facilities. ’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3309. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION FOR FDIC PREMIUMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 162 is amended by redesignating subsection (q) as subsection (r) and by inserting after subsection (p) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(q) D
ISALLOWANCE OF FDIC P REMIUMS PAID 
BYCERTAIN LARGE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No deduction shall be al-lowed for the applicable percentage of any FDIC premium paid or incurred by the tax-payer. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR SMALL INSTITUTIONS .— Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any taxpayer for any taxable year if the total consolidated as-sets of such taxpayer (determined as of the close of such taxable year) do not exceed $10,000,000,000. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘applicable percent-age’ means, with respect to any taxpayer for any taxable year, the ratio (expressed as a per-centage but not greater than 100 percent) which— ‘‘(A) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the total consolidated assets of such tax-payer (determined as of the close of such taxable year), over ‘‘(ii) $10,000,000,000, bears to ‘‘(B) $40,000,000,000. ‘‘(4) FDIC 
PREMIUMS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘FDIC premium’ means any assessment imposed under section 7(b) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(b)). ‘‘(5) T
OTAL CONSOLIDATED ASSETS .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘total consoli-dated assets’ has the meaning given such term under section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5365). ‘‘(6) AGGREGATION RULE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Members of an expanded affiliated group shall be treated as a single tax-payer for purposes of applying this subsection. ‘‘(B) E
XPANDED AFFILIATED GROUP .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘expanded af-filiated group’ means an affiliated group as de-fined in section 1504(a), determined— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears, and ‘‘(ii) without regard to paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1504(b). A partnership or any other entity (other than a corporation) shall be treated as a member of an expanded affiliated group if such entity is con-trolled (within the meaning of section 954(d)(3)) by members of such group (including any entity treated as a member of such group by reason of this sentence).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3310. REPEAL OF ROLLOVER OF PUBLICLY TRADED SECURITIES GAIN INTO SPECIALIZED SMALL BUSINESS IN-VESTMENT COMPANIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part III of subchapter O of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 1044 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections of such part). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1016(a)(23) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘1044,’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘1044(d),’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to sales after Decem-ber 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3311. CERTAIN SELF-CREATED PROPERTY NOT TREATED AS A CAPITAL ASSET. 
(a) P ATENTS , ETC.—Section 1221(a)(3) is amended by inserting ‘‘a patent, invention, model or design (whether or not patented), a se-cret formula or process,’’ before ‘‘a copyright’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1231(b)(1)(C) is amended by inserting ‘‘a patent, invention, model or design (whether or not pat-ented), a secret formula or process,’’ before ‘‘a copyright’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to dispositions after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3312. REPEAL OF SPECIAL RULE FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE OF PATENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IV of subchapter P of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 1235 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections of such part). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 483(d) is amended by striking para-graph (4). (2) Section 901(l)(5) is amended by striking ‘‘without regard to section 1235 or any similar rule’’ and inserting ‘‘without regard to any pro-vision which treats a disposition as a sale or ex-change of a capital asset held for more than 1 year or any similar provision’’. (3) Section 1274(c)(3) is amended by striking subparagraph (E) and redesignating subpara-graph (F) as subparagraph (E). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to dispositions after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3313. REPEAL OF TECHNICAL TERMINATION OF PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 708(b) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (A) and all that follows and inserting a period, and (2) by striking ‘‘only if—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘no part of any business’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘only if no part of any busi-ness’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to partnership tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. SEC. 3314. RECHARACTERIZATION OF CERTAIN GAINS IN THE CASE OF PARTNER-SHIP PROFITS INTERESTS HELD IN CONNECTION WITH PERFORMANCE OF INVESTMENT SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IV of subchapter O of chapter 1 is amended— (1) by redesignating section 1061 as section 1062, and (2) by inserting after section 1060 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1061. PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS HELD IN CONNECTION WITH PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If one or more applicable partnership interests are held by a taxpayer at any time during the taxable year, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(1) the taxpayer’s net long-term capital gain with respect to such interests for such taxable year, over ‘‘(2) the taxpayer’s net long-term capital gain with respect to such interests for such taxable year computed by applying paragraphs (3) and (4) of sections 1222 by substituting ‘3 years’ for ‘1 year’, shall be treated as short-term capital gain. ‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—To the extent provided by the Secretary, subsection (a) shall not apply to income or gain attributable to any asset not held for portfolio investment on behalf of third party investors. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABLE PARTNERSHIP INTEREST .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in this paragraph or paragraph (4), the term ‘applica-ble partnership interest’ means any interest in a partnership which, directly or indirectly, is transferred to (or is held by) the taxpayer in connection with the performance of substantial services by the taxpayer, or any other related person, in any applicable trade or business. The previous sentence shall not apply to an interest held by a person who is employed by another entity that is conducting a trade or business (other than an applicable trade or business) and only provides services to such other entity. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE TRADE OR BUSINESS .—The term ‘applicable trade or business’ means any activity conducted on a regular, continuous, and substantial basis which, regardless of whether the activity is conducted in one or more entities, consists, in whole or in part, of— ‘‘(A) raising or returning capital, and ‘‘(B) either— ‘‘(i) investing in (or disposing of) specified as-sets (or identifying specified assets for such in-vesting or disposition), or ‘‘(ii) developing specified assets. ‘‘(3) S
PECIFIED ASSET .—The term ‘specified asset’ means securities (as defined in section 475(c)(2) without regard to the last sentence thereof), commodities (as defined in section 475(e)(2)), real estate held for rental or invest-ment, cash or cash equivalents, options or deriv-ative contracts with respect to any of the fore-going, and an interest in a partnership to the extent of the partnership’s proportionate inter-est in any of the foregoing. ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTIONS .—The term ‘applicable part-nership interest’ shall not include— ‘‘(A) any interest in a partnership directly or indirectly held by a corporation, or ‘‘(B) any capital interest in the partnership which provides the taxpayer with a right to share in partnership capital commensurate with— ‘‘(i) the amount of capital contributed (deter-mined at the time of receipt of such partnership interest), or ‘‘(ii) the value of such interest subject to tax under section 83 upon the receipt or vesting of such interest. ‘‘(5) T
HIRD PARTY INVESTOR .—The term ‘third party investor’ means a person who— ‘‘(A) holds an interest in the partnership which does not constitute property held in con-nection with an applicable trade or business; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9328 November 15, 2017 
‘‘(B) is not (and has not been) actively en-gaged, and is (and was) not related to a person so engaged, in (directly or indirectly) providing substantial services described in paragraph (1) for such partnership or any applicable trade or business. ‘‘(d) T
RANSFER OF APPLICABLE PARTNERSHIP  I
NTEREST TO RELATED PERSON .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a taxpayer transfers any applicable partnership interest, directly or indi-rectly, to a person related to the taxpayer, the taxpayer shall include in gross income (as short term capital gain) the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) so much of the taxpayer’s long-term cap-ital gains with respect to such interest for such taxable year attributable to the sale or exchange of any asset held for not more than 3 years as is allocable to such interest, over ‘‘(B) any amount treated as short term capital gain under subsection (a) with respect to the transfer of such interest. ‘‘(2) R
ELATED PERSON .—For purposes of this paragraph, a person is related to the taxpayer if— ‘‘(A) the person is a member of the taxpayer’s family within the meaning of section 318(a)(1), or ‘‘(B) the person performed a service within the current calendar year or the preceding three calendar years in any applicable trade or busi-ness in which or for which the taxpayer per-formed a service. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary shall require such reporting (at the time and in the manner prescribed by the Secretary) as is necessary to carry out the purposes of this section. ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as is nec-essary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section’’. (b) C
OORDINATION WITHSECTION 83.—Sub- section (e) of section 83 is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (5) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) a transfer of an applicable partnership interest to which section 1061 applies.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for part IV of subchapter O of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to 1061 and inserting the following new items: ‘‘Sec. 1061. Partnership interests held in con-nection with performance of serv-ices. ‘‘Sec. 1062. Cross references.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3315. AMORTIZATION OF RESEARCH AND EX-PERIMENTAL EXPENDITURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 174 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 174. AMORTIZATION OF RESEARCH AND EX-PERIMENTAL EXPENDITURES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer’s specified research or experimental expenditures for any taxable year— ‘‘(1) except as provided in paragraph (2), no deduction shall be allowed for such expendi-tures, and ‘‘(2) the taxpayer shall— ‘‘(A) charge such expenditures to capital ac-count, and ‘‘(B) be allowed an amortization deduction of such expenditures ratably over the 5-year period (15-year period in the case of any specified re-search or experimental expenditures which are attributable to foreign research (within the meaning of section 41(d)(4)(F))) beginning with the midpoint of the taxable year in which such expenditures are paid or incurred. ‘‘(b) S
PECIFIED RESEARCH OR EXPERIMENTAL  E
XPENDITURES .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘specified research or experimental ex-penditures’ means, with respect to any taxable year, research or experimental expenditures which are paid or incurred by the taxpayer dur-ing such taxable year in connection with the taxpayer’s trade or business. ‘‘(c) SPECIAL RULES.— ‘‘(1) L
AND AND OTHER PROPERTY .—This sec- tion shall not apply to any expenditure for the acquisition or improvement of land, or for the acquisition or improvement of property to be used in connection with the research or experi-mentation and of a character which is subject to the allowance under section 167 (relating to al-lowance for depreciation, etc.) or section 611 (re-lating to allowance for depletion); but for pur-poses of this section allowances under section 167, and allowances under section 611, shall be considered as expenditures. ‘‘(2) E
XPLORATION EXPENDITURES .—This sec- tion shall not apply to any expenditure paid or incurred for the purpose of ascertaining the ex-istence, location, extent, or quality of any de-posit of ore or other mineral (including oil and gas). ‘‘(3) S
OFTWARE DEVELOPMENT .—For purposes of this section, any amount paid or incurred in connection with the development of any soft-ware shall be treated as a research or experi-mental expenditure. ‘‘(d) T
REATMENT UPONDISPOSITION , RETIRE -
MENT , ORABANDONMENT .—If any property with respect to which specified research or experi-mental expenditures are paid or incurred is dis-posed, retired, or abandoned during the period during which such expenditures are allowed as an amortization deduction under this section, no deduction shall be allowed with respect to such expenditures on account of such disposi-tion, retirement, or abandonment and such am-ortization deduction shall continue with respect to such expenditures.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 174 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 174. Amortization of research and experi-mental expenditures.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2022. 
SEC. 3316. UNIFORM TREATMENT OF EXPENSES IN CONTINGENCY FEE CASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 162, as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by redesignating subsection (r) as subsection (s) and by inserting after subsection (q) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(r) E
XPENSES IN CONTINGENCY FEECASES.— No deduction shall be allowed under subsection (a) to a taxpayer for any expense— ‘‘(1) paid or incurred in the course of the trade or business of practicing law, and ‘‘(2) resulting from a case for which the tax-payer is compensated primarily on a contingent basis, until such time as such contingency is re-solved.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to expenses and costs paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle E—Reform of Business Credits 
SEC. 3401. REPEAL OF CREDIT FOR CLINICAL TESTING EXPENSES FOR CERTAIN DRUGS FOR RARE DISEASES OR CON-DITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart D of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 45C (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 38(b) is amended by striking para-graph (12). (2) Section 280C is amended by striking sub-section (b). (3) Section 6501(m) is amended by striking ‘‘45C(d)(4),’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3402. REPEAL OF EMPLOYER-PROVIDED CHILD CARE CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart D of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 45F (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 38(b) is amended by striking para-graph (15). (2) Section 1016(a) is amended by striking paragraph (28). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) B
ASIS ADJUSTMENTS .—The amendment made by subsection (b)(2) shall apply to credits determined for taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3403. REPEAL OF REHABILITATION CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart E of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 47 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 170(f)(14)(A) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(as in effect before its repeal by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act)’’ after ‘‘section 47’’. (2) Section 170(h)(4) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 47(c)(3)(B))’’ in subparagraph (C)(ii), and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) R
EGISTERED HISTORIC DISTRICT .—The term ‘registered historic district’ means— ‘‘(i) any district listed in the National Reg-ister, and ‘‘(ii) any district— ‘‘(I) which is designated under a statute of the appropriate State or local government, if such statute is certified by the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary as containing criteria which will substantially achieve the purpose of preserving and rehabilitating buildings of his-toric significance to the district, and ‘‘(II) which is certified by the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary as meeting substan-tially all of the requirements for the listing of districts in the National Register.’’. (3) Section 469(i)(3) is amended by striking subparagraph (B). (4) Section 469(i)(6)(B) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘in the case of—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘in the case of any credit determined under section 42 for any taxable year.’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘, 
REHABILITATION CREDIT ,’’ in the heading thereof. (5) Section 469(k)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘, or any rehabilitation credit determined under section 47,’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2017. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—In the case of qualified rehabilitation expenditures (within the meaning of section 47 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as in effect before its repeal) with respect to any building— (A) owned or leased (as permitted by section 47 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as in ef-fect before its repeal) by the taxpayer at all times after December 31, 2017, and (B) with respect to which the 24-month period selected by the taxpayer under section 47(c)(1)(C) of such Code begins not later than the end of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9329 November 15, 2017 
the amendments made by this section shall apply to such expenditures paid or incurred after the end of the taxable year in which the 24-month period referred to in subparagraph (B) ends. 
SEC. 3404. REPEAL OF WORK OPPORTUNITY TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart F of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 51 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The heading of such subpart F (and the item relating to such subpart in the table of subparts for part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1) are each amended by striking ‘‘Rules for Computing Work Oppor-tunity Credit’’ and inserting ‘‘Special Rules’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred to individuals who begin work for the employer after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3405. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR CERTAIN UNUSED BUSINESS CREDITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 196 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections for such part). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3406. TERMINATION OF NEW MARKETS TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45D(f) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘2019’’ in paragraph (1)(G) and inserting ‘‘2017’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘2024’’ in paragraph (3) and inserting ‘‘2022’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to calendar years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3407. REPEAL OF CREDIT FOR EXPENDI-TURES TO PROVIDE ACCESS TO DIS-ABLED INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart D of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 44 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 38(b) is amended by striking paragraph (7). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3408. MODIFICATION OF CREDIT FOR POR-TION OF EMPLOYER SOCIAL SECU-RITY TAXES PAID WITH RESPECT TO EMPLOYEE TIPS. 
(a) C REDIT DETERMINED WITHRESPECT TO  M
INIMUM WAGE AS IN EFFECT .—Section 45B(b)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘as in effect on January 1, 2007, and’’. (b) I
NFORMATION RETURN REQUIREMENT .— Section 45B is amended by redesignating sub-sections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION RETURN REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No credit shall be deter-mined under subsection (a) with respect to any food or beverage establishment of any taxpayer for any taxable year unless such taxpayer has, with respect to the calendar year which ends in or with such taxable year— ‘‘(A) made a report to the Secretary showing the information described in section 6053(c)(1) with respect to such food or beverage establish-ment, and ‘‘(B) furnished written statements to each em-ployee of such food or beverage establishment showing the information described in section 6053(c)(2). ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF 10 PERCENT OF GROSS RE -
CEIPTS .—For purposes of determining the infor-mation referred to in subparagraphs (A) and (B), section 6053(c)(3)(A)(i) shall be applied by substituting ‘10 percent’ for ‘8 percent’. For pur-poses of section 6053(c)(5), any reference to sec-tion 6053(c)(3)(B) contained therein shall be treated as including a reference to this para-graph. ‘‘(3) FOOD OR BEVERAGE ESTABLISHMENT .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘food or beverage establishment’ means any trade or business (or portion thereof) which would be a large food or beverage establishment (as defined in section 6053(c)(4)) if such section were ap-plied without regard to subparagraph (C) there-of.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. Subtitle F—Energy Credits 
SEC. 3501. MODIFICATIONS TO CREDIT FOR ELEC-TRICITY PRODUCED FROM CERTAIN RENEWABLE RESOURCES. 
(a) T ERMINATION OF INFLATION ADJUST -
MENT .—Section 45(b)(2) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The 1.5 cent amount’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The 1.5 cent amount’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to any electricity or re-fined coal produced at a facility the construc-tion of which begins after the date of the enact-ment of this subparagraph.’’. (b) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DETERMINATION OF BE-
GINNING OF CONSTRUCTION .—Section 45(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DETERMINING BEGIN -
NING OF CONSTRUCTION .—For purposes of sub-section (d), the construction of any facility, modification, improvement, addition, or other property shall not be treated as beginning before any date unless there is a continuous program of construction which begins before such date and ends on the date that such property is placed in service.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) T
ERMINATION OF INFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DETERMINATION OF BE -
GINNING OF CONSTRUCTION .—The amendment made by subsection (b) shall apply to taxable years beginning before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3502. MODIFICATION OF THE ENERGY IN-VESTMENT TAX CREDIT. 
(a) E XTENSION OF SOLAR ENERGY PROPERTY .— Section 48(a)(3)(A)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘periods ending before January 1, 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘property the construction of which be-gins before January 1, 2022’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF QUALIFIED FUEL CELL P
ROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(1)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which does not begin before January 1, 2022’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF QUALIFIED MICROTURBINE  P
ROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(2)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which does not begin before January 1, 2022’’. (d) E
XTENSION OF COMBINED HEAT AND POWER  S
YSTEM PROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(3)(A)(iv) is amended by striking ‘‘which is placed in service before January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘the con-struction of which begins before January 1, 2022’’. (e) E
XTENSION OF QUALIFIED SMALL WINDEN-
ERGY PROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(4)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which does not begin before January 1, 2022’’. (f) E
XTENSION OF THERMAL ENERGY PROP-
ERTY.—Section 48(a)(3)(A)(vii) is amended by striking ‘‘periods ending before January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘property the construction of which begins before January 1, 2022’’. (g) PHASEOUT OF 30 P ERCENT CREDIT RATE 
FORFUELCELL AND SMALL WINDENERGY PROP-
ERTY.—Section 48(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) P
HASEOUT FOR QUALIFIED FUEL CELL  
PROPERTY AND QUALIFIED SMALL WIND ENERGY  
PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of qualified fuel cell property or qualified small wind energy property, the construction of which begins be-fore January 1, 2022, the energy percentage de-termined under paragraph (2) shall be equal to— ‘‘(i) in the case of any property the construc-tion of which begins after December 31, 2019, and before January 1, 2021, 26 percent, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of any property the construc-tion of which begins after December 31, 2020, and before January 1, 2022, 22 percent. ‘‘(B) P
LACED IN SERVICE DEADLINE .—In the case of any qualified fuel cell property or quali-fied small wind energy property, the construc-tion of which begins before January 1, 2022, and which is not placed in service before January 1, 2024, the energy percentage determined under paragraph (2) shall be equal to 10 percent.’’. (h) P
HASEOUT FOR FIBER-OPTIC SOLAR ENERGY  P
ROPERTY .—Subparagraphs (A) and (B) of sec-tion 48(a)(6) are each amended by inserting ‘‘or (3)(A)(ii)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)(i)’’. (i) T
ERMINATION OF SOLAR ENERGY PROP-
ERTY.—Section 48(a)(3)(A)(i) is amended by in-serting ‘‘, the construction of which begins be-fore January 1, 2028, and’’ after ‘‘equipment’’. (j) T
ERMINATION OF GEOTHERMAL ENERGY  P
ROPERTY .—Section 48(a)(3)(A)(iii) is amended by inserting ‘‘, the construction of which begins before January 1, 2028, and’’ after ‘‘equipment’’. (k) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DETERMINATION OF BE-
GINNING OF CONSTRUCTION .—Section 48(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DETERMINING BEGIN -
NING OF CONSTRUCTION .—The construction of any facility, modification, improvement, addi-tion, or other property shall not be treated as beginning before any date unless there is a con-tinuous program of construction which begins before such date and ends on the date that such property is placed in service.’’. (l) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to periods after December 31, 2016, under rules similar to the rules of section 48(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enact-ment of the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1990). (2) E
XTENSION OF COMBINED HEAT AND POWER  
SYSTEM PROPERTY .—The amendment made by subsection (d) shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. (3) P
HASEOUTS AND TERMINATIONS .—The amendments made by subsections (g), (h), (i), and (j) shall take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act. (4) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DETERMINATION OF BE -
GINNING OF CONSTRUCTION .—The amendment made by subsection (k) shall apply to taxable years beginning before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3503. EXTENSION AND PHASEOUT OF RESI-DENTIAL ENERGY EFFICIENT PROP-ERTY. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 25D(h) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016 (December 31, 2021, in the case of any qualified solar electric prop-erty expenditures and qualified solar water heating property expenditures)’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. (b) P
HASEOUT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) of section 25D(a) are amended by striking ‘‘30 percent’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the applicable percentage’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 25D(g) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘para-graphs (1) and (2) of’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9330 November 15, 2017 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 3504. REPEAL OF ENHANCED OIL RECOVERY CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart D of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 43 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 38(b) is amended by striking para-graph (6). (2) Section 6501(m) is amended by striking ‘‘43,’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3505. REPEAL OF CREDIT FOR PRODUCING OIL AND GAS FROM MARGINAL WELLS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart D of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 45I (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 38(b) is amended by striking paragraph (19). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3506. MODIFICATIONS OF CREDIT FOR PRO-DUCTION FROM ADVANCED NU-CLEAR POWER FACILITIES. 
(a) T REATMENT OF UNUTILIZED LIMITATION  A
MOUNTS .—Section 45J(b) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘or any amendment to’’ after ‘‘enactment of’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) A
LLOCATION OF UNUTILIZED LIMITA -
TION.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any unutilized national megawatt capacity limitation shall be allocated by the Secretary under paragraph (3) as rapidly as is practicable after December 31, 2020— ‘‘(i) first to facilities placed in service on or before such date to the extent that such facili-ties did not receive an allocation equal to their full nameplate capacity; and ‘‘(ii) then to facilities placed in service after such date in the order in which such facilities are placed in service. ‘‘(B) U
NUTILIZED NATIONAL MEGAWATT CAPAC -
ITY LIMITATION .—The term ‘unutilized national megawatt capacity limitation’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) 6,000 megawatts, over ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of national mega-watt capacity limitation allocated by the Sec-retary before January 1, 2021, reduced by any amount of such limitation which was allocated to a facility which was not placed in service be-fore such date. ‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER PROVI -
SIONS .—In the case of any unutilized national megawatt capacity limitation allocated by the Secretary pursuant to this paragraph— ‘‘(i) such allocation shall be treated for pur-poses of this section in the same manner as an allocation of national megawatt capacity limita-tion; and ‘‘(ii) subsection (d)(1)(B) shall not apply to any facility which receives such allocation.’’. (b) T
RANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUBLIC  E
NTITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 45J is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f); and (B) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(e) T
RANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUBLIC  E
NTITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If, with respect to a credit under subsection (a) for any taxable year— ‘‘(A) the taxpayer would be a qualified public entity; and ‘‘(B) such entity elects the application of this paragraph for such taxable year with respect to all (or any portion specified in such election) of such credit, the eligible project partner specified in such election (and not the qualified public entity) shall be treated as the taxpayer for purposes of this title with respect to such credit (or such portion thereof). ‘‘(2) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) Q
UALIFIED PUBLIC ENTITY .—The term ‘qualified public entity’ means— ‘‘(i) a Federal, State, or local government enti-ty, or any political subdivision, agency, or in-strumentality thereof; ‘‘(ii) a mutual or cooperative electric company described in section 501(c)(12) or section 1381(a)(2); or ‘‘(iii) a not-for-profit electric utility which has or had received a loan or loan guarantee under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT PARTNER .—The term ‘eligible project partner’ means— ‘‘(i) any person responsible for, or partici-pating in, the design or construction of the ad-vanced nuclear power facility to which the cred-it under subsection (a) relates; ‘‘(ii) any person who participates in the provi-sion of the nuclear steam supply system to the advanced nuclear power facility to which the credit under subsection (a) relates; ‘‘(iii) any person who participates in the pro-vision of nuclear fuel to the advanced nuclear power facility to which the credit under sub-section (a) relates; or ‘‘(iv) any person who has an ownership inter-est in such facility. ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS .—In the case of a credit under subsection (a) which is determined at the partnership level— ‘‘(i) for purposes of paragraph (1)(A), a quali-fied public entity shall be treated as the tax-payer with respect to such entity’s distributive share of such credit; and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘eligible project partner’ shall include any partner of the partnership. ‘‘(B) T
AXABLE YEAR IN WHICH CREDIT TAKEN  
INTO ACCOUNT .—In the case of any credit (or portion thereof) with respect to which an elec-tion is made under paragraph (1), such credit shall be taken into account in the first taxable year of the eligible project partner ending with, or after, the qualified public entity’s taxable year with respect to which the credit was deter-mined. ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF TRANSFER UNDER PRIVATE  
USE RULES .—For purposes of section 141(b)(1), any benefit derived by an eligible project part-ner in connection with an election under this subsection shall not be taken into account as a private business use.’’. (2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PROCEEDS OF TRANSFERS  
FOR MUTUAL OR COOPERATIVE ELECTRIC COMPA -
NIES.—Section 501(c)(12) of such Code is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new sub-paragraph: ‘‘(I) In the case of a mutual or cooperative electric company described in this paragraph or an organization described in section 1381(a)(2), income received or accrued in connection with an election under section 45J(e)(1) shall be treat-ed as an amount collected from members for the sole purpose of meeting losses and expenses.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) T
REATMENT OF UNUTILIZED LIMITATION  
AMOUNTS .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (2) T
RANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUBLIC  
ENTITIES .—The amendments made by subsection (b) shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle G—Bond Reforms 
SEC. 3601. TERMINATION OF PRIVATE ACTIVITY BONDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 103(b) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘which is not a qualified bond (within the meaning of section 141)’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘WHICH IS NOT A QUALIFIED  
BOND ’’ in the heading thereof. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Subpart A of part IV of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking sections 142, 143, 144, 145, 146, and 147 (and by striking each of the items relating to such sections in the table of sections for such subpart). (2) Section 25 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) C
OORDINATION WITHREPEAL OF PRIVATE  A
CTIVITY BONDS.—Any reference to section 143, 144, or 146 shall be treated as a reference to such section as in effect before its repeal by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’. (3) Section 26(b)(2) is amended by striking sub-paragraph (D). (4) Section 141(b) is amended by striking para-graphs (5) and (9). (5) Section 141(d) is amended by striking para-graph (5). (6) Section 141 is amended by striking sub-section (e). (7) Section 148(f)(4) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(determined in accordance with section 147(b)(2)(A))’’ in the flush matter following subparagraph (A)(ii) and inserting ‘‘(determined by taking into account the respec-tive issue prices of the bonds issued as part of the issue)’’, and (B) by striking the last sentence of subpara-graph (D)(v). (8) Clause (iv) of section 148(f)(4)(C) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(iv) C
ONSTRUCTION ISSUE .—For purposes of this subparagraph— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘construction issue’ means any issue if at least 75 percent of the available construction proceeds of such issue are to be used for construction expenditures. ‘‘(II) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The term ‘construction’ includes reconstruction and rehabilitation.’’. (9) Section 149(b)(3) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). (10) Section 149(e)(2) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraphs (C), (D), and (F) and by redesignating subparagraphs (E) and (G) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively, and (B) by striking the second sentence. (11) Section 149(f)(6) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (B), and (B) by striking ‘‘For purposes of this sub-section’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘For pur-poses of this subsection, the term’’. (12) Section 150(e)(3) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC APPROVAL REQUIREMENT .—A bond shall not be treated as part of an issue which meets the requirements of paragraph (1) unless such bond satisfies the requirements of section 147(f)(2) (as in effect before its repeal by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act).’’. (13) Section 269A(b)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘144(a)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘414(n)(6)(A)’’. (14) Section 414(m)(5) is amended by striking ‘‘section 144(a)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (n)(6)(A)’’. (15) Section 414(n)(6)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) R
ELATED PERSONS .—A person is a related person to another person if— ‘‘(i) the relationship between such persons would result in a disallowance of losses under section 267 or 707(b), or ‘‘(ii) such persons are members of the same controlled group of corporations (as defined in section 1563(a), except that ‘more than 50 per-cent’ shall be substituted for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears therein).’’. (16) Section 6045(e)(4)(B) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(as in effect before its repeal by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act)’’ after ‘‘section 143(m)(3)’’. (17) Section 6654(f)(1) is amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect before its repeal by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act)’’ after ‘‘section 143(m)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9331 November 15, 2017 
(18) Section 7871(c) is amended— (A) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3), and (B) by striking ‘‘T
AX-EXEMPT BONDS.—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Subsection (a) of sec-tion 103’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘T
AX-EX-
EMPT BONDS.—Subsection (a) of section 103’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to bonds issued after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3602. REPEAL OF ADVANCE REFUNDING BONDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 149(d) is amended by striking ‘‘as part of an issue described in paragraph (2), (3), or (4).’’ and inserting ‘‘to advance refund another bond.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 149(d) is amended by striking para-graphs (2), (3), (4), and (6) and by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (7) as paragraphs (2) and (3). (2) Section 148(f)(4)(C) is amended by striking clause (xiv) and by redesignating clauses (xv) to (xvii) as clauses (xiv) to (xvi). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to advance refunding bonds issued after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3603. REPEAL OF TAX CREDIT BONDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking subparts H, I, and J (and by striking the items relating to such subparts in the table of subparts for such part). (b) P
AYMENTS TO ISSUERS .—Subchapter B of chapter 65 is amended by striking section 6431 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections for such sub-chapter). (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Part IV of subchapter U of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 1397E (and by strik-ing the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (2) Section 54(l)(3)(B) is amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect before its repeal by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act)’’ after ‘‘section 1397E(I)’’. (3) Section 6211(b)(4)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, and 6431’’ and inserting ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘36B’’. (4) Section 6401(b)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘G, H, I, and J’’ and inserting ‘‘and G’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to bonds issued after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3604. NO TAX EXEMPT BONDS FOR PROFES-SIONAL STADIUMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 103(b), as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) P
ROFESSIONAL STADIUM BOND .—Any pro- fessional stadium bond.’’. (b) P
ROFESSIONAL STADIUM BONDDEFINED .— Subsection (c) of section 103 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) P
ROFESSIONAL STADIUM BOND .—The term ‘professional stadium bond’ means any bond issued as part of an issue any proceeds of which are used to finance or refinance capital expendi-tures allocable to a facility (or appurtenant real property) which, during at least 5 days during any calendar year, is used as a stadium or arena for professional sports exhibitions, games, or training.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to bonds issued after November 2, 2017. Subtitle H—Insurance 
SEC. 3701. NET OPERATING LOSSES OF LIFE IN-SURANCE COMPANIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 805(b) is amended by striking paragraph (4) and by redesignating paragraph (5) as paragraph (4). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Part I of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 810 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (2) Part III of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 844 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (3) Section 381 is amended by striking sub-section (d). (4) Section 805(a)(4)(B)(ii) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) the deduction allowed under section 172,’’. (5) Section 805(a) is amended by striking para-graph (5). (6) Section 953(b)(1)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) So much of section 805(a)(8) as relates to the deduction allowed under section 172.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to losses arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3702. REPEAL OF SMALL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part I of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 806 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections for such part). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 453B(e) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 806(b)(3))’’ in paragraph (2)(B), and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) N
ONINSURANCE BUSINESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘noninsurance business’ means any activity which is not an insurance business. ‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN ACTIVITIES TREATED AS INSUR -
ANCE BUSINESSES .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), any activity which is not an insur-ance business shall be treated as an insurance business if— ‘‘(i) it is of a type traditionally carried on by life insurance companies for investment pur-poses, but only if the carrying on of such activ-ity (other than in the case of real estate) does not constitute the active conduct of a trade or business, or ‘‘(ii) it involves the performance of adminis-trative services in connection with plans pro-viding life insurance, pension, or accident and health benefits.’’. (2) Section 465(c)(7)(D)(v)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘section 806(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 453B(e)(3)’’. (3) Section 801(a)(2) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). (4) Section 804 is amended by striking ‘‘means—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘means the general deductions provided in sec-tion 805.’’. (5) Section 805(a)(4)(B), as amended by section 3701, is amended by striking clause (i) and by re-designating clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respectively. (6) Section 805(b)(2)(A) is amended by striking clause (iii) and by redesignating clauses (iv) and (v) as clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively. (7) Section 842(c) is amended by striking para-graph (1) and by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (8) Section 953(b)(1), as amended by section 3701, is amended by striking subparagraph (A) and by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3703. SURTAX ON LIFE INSURANCE COM-PANY TAXABLE INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 801(a)(1) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘consist of a tax’’ and insert ‘‘consist of the sum of— ‘‘(A) a tax’’, and (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘, and’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) a tax equal to 8 percent of the life insur-ance company taxable income.’’. SEC. 3704. ADJUSTMENT FOR CHANGE IN COM-PUTING RESERVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 807(f) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) T
REATMENT AS CHANGE IN METHOD OF AC -
COUNTING .—If the basis for determining any item referred to in subsection (c) as of the close of any taxable year differs from the basis for such determination as of the close of the pre-ceding taxable year, then so much of the dif-ference between— ‘‘(A) the amount of the item at the close of the taxable year, computed on the new basis, and ‘‘(B) the amount of the item at the close of the taxable year, computed on the old basis, as is attributable to contracts issued before the taxable year shall be taken into account under section 481 as adjustments attributable to a change in method of accounting initiated by the taxpayer and made with the consent of the Sec-retary.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3705. REPEAL OF SPECIAL RULE FOR DIS-TRIBUTIONS TO SHAREHOLDERS FROM PRE-1984 POLICYHOLDERS SURPLUS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart D of part I of sub-chapter L is amended by striking section 815 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections for such subpart). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 801 is amended by striking subsection (c). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. (d) P
HASED INCLUSION OF REMAINING BALANCE  
OFPOLICYHOLDERS SURPLUS ACCOUNTS .—In the case of any stock life insurance company which has a balance (determined as of the close of such company’s last taxable year beginning be-fore January 1, 2018) in an existing policy-holders surplus account (as defined in section 815 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect before its repeal), the tax imposed by sec-tion 801 of such Code for the first 8 taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, shall be the amount which would be imposed by such section for such year on the sum of— (1) life insurance company taxable income for such year (within the meaning of such section 801 but not less than zero), plus (2) 
1⁄8of such balance. 
SEC. 3706. MODIFICATION OF PRORATION RULES FOR PROPERTY AND CASUALTY IN-SURANCE COMPANIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 832(b)(5)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘15 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘26.25 percent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3707. MODIFICATION OF DISCOUNTING RULES FOR PROPERTY AND CAS-UALTY INSURANCE COMPANIES. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF RATE OF INTEREST USED 
TODISCOUNT UNPAID LOSSES .—Paragraph (2) of section 846(c) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF ANNUAL RATE .—The annual rate determined by the Secretary under this paragraph for any calendar year shall be a rate determined on the basis of the corporate bond yield curve (as defined in section 430(h)(2)(D)(i)).’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF COMPUTATIONAL RULES 
FOR LOSS PAYMENT PATTERNS .—Section 846(d)(3) is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) through (G) and inserting the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN LOSSES .—Losses which would have been treated as paid in the last year of the period applicable under sub-paragraph (A)(i) or (A)(ii) shall be treated as paid in the following manner: ‘‘(i) 3-
YEAR LOSS PAYMENT PATTERN .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The period taken into ac-count under subparagraph (A)(i) shall be ex-tended to the extent required under subclause (II). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9332 November 15, 2017 
‘‘(II) C OMPUTATION OF EXTENSION .—The amount of losses which would have been treated as paid in the 3d year after the accident year shall be treated as paid in such 3d year and each subsequent year in an amount equal to the average of the losses treated as paid in the 1st and 2d years after the accident year (or, if less-er, the portion of the unpaid losses not thereto-fore taken into account). To the extent such un-paid losses have not been treated as paid before the 18th year after the accident year, they shall be treated as paid in such 18th year. ‘‘(ii) 10-
YEAR LOSS PAYMENT PATTERN .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The period taken into ac-count under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be ex-tended to the extent required under subclause (II). ‘‘(II) C
OMPUTATION OF EXTENSION .—The amount of losses which would have been treated as paid in the 10th year after the accident year shall be treated as paid in such 10th year and each subsequent year in an amount equal to the amount of the average of the losses treated as paid in the 7th, 8th, and 9th years after the ac-cident year (or, if lesser, the portion of the un-paid losses not theretofore taken into account). To the extent such unpaid losses have not been treated as paid before the 25th year after the ac-cident year, they shall be treated as paid in such 25th year.’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF HISTORICAL PAYMENT PATTERN  E
LECTION .—Section 846 is amended by striking subsection (e) and by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (e) and (f), respec-tively. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. (e) T
RANSITIONAL RULE.—For the first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017— (1) the unpaid losses and the expenses unpaid (as defined in paragraphs (5)(B) and (6) of sec-tion 832(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) at the end of the preceding taxable year, and (2) the unpaid losses as defined in sections 807(c)(2) and 805(a)(1) of such Code at the end of the preceding taxable year, shall be determined as if the amendments made by this section had applied to such unpaid losses and expenses unpaid in the preceding tax-able year and by using the interest rate and loss payment patterns applicable to accident years ending with calendar year 2018, and any adjust-ment shall be taken into account ratably in such first taxable year and the 7 succeeding taxable years. For subsequent taxable years, such amendments shall be applied with respect to such unpaid losses and expenses unpaid by using the interest rate and loss payment pat-terns applicable to accident years ending with calendar year 2018. 
SEC. 3708. REPEAL OF SPECIAL ESTIMATED TAX PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part III of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 847 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections for such part). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. Subtitle I—Compensation 
SEC. 3801. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON EX-CESSIVE EMPLOYEE REMUNERA-TION. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PERFORMANCE -BASED COM-
PENSATION AND COMMISSION EXCEPTIONS FOR  L
IMITATION ON EXCESSIVE EMPLOYEE REMU-
NERATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 162(m)(4) is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and by redesignating subparagraphs (D), (E), (F), and (G) as subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E), re-spectively. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Paragraphs (5)(E) and (6)(D) of section 162(m) are each amended by striking ‘‘subpara-graphs (B), (C), and (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraph (B)’’. (B) Paragraphs (5)(G) and (6)(G) of section 162(m) are each amended by striking ‘‘(F) and (G)’’ and inserting ‘‘(D) and (E)’’. (b) EXPANSION OF APPLICABLE EMPLOYER .— Section 162(m)(2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
UBLICLY HELD CORPORATION .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘publicly held corporation’ means any corporation which is an issuer (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c))— ‘‘(A) the securities of which are required to be registered under section 12 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78l), or ‘‘(B) that is required to file reports under sec-tion 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)).’’. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF COVERED  E
MPLOYEES .—Section 162(m)(3) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘as of the close of the taxable year, such employee is the chief executive officer of the taxpayer or is’’ and inserting ‘‘such employee is the principal execu-tive officer or principal financial officer of the taxpayer at any time during the taxable year, or was’’, (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘4’’ and inserting ‘‘3’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘(other than the chief execu-tive officer)’’ and inserting ‘‘(other than the principal executive officer or principal financial officer)’’, and (3) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (A), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) was a covered employee of the taxpayer (or any predecessor) for any preceding taxable year beginning after December 31, 2016. Such term shall include any employee who would be described in subparagraph (B) if the reporting described in such subparagraph were required as so described.’’. (d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID TO  B
ENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Section 162(m)(4), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID  
TO BENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Remuneration shall not fail to be applicable employee remuneration merely because it is includible in the income of, or paid to, a person other than the covered em-ployee, including after the death of the covered employee.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3802. EXCISE TAX ON EXCESS TAX-EXEMPT ORGANIZATION EXECUTIVE COM-PENSATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter D of chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4960. TAX ON EXCESS TAX-EXEMPT ORGANI-ZATION EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
‘‘(a) T AXIMPOSED .—There is hereby imposed a tax equal to 20 percent of the sum of— ‘‘(1) so much of the remuneration paid (other than any excess parachute payment) by an ap-plicable tax-exempt organization for the taxable year with respect to employment of any covered employee in excess of $1,000,000, plus ‘‘(2) any excess parachute payment paid by such an organization to any covered employee. ‘‘(b) L
IABILITY FOR TAX.—The employer shall be liable for the tax imposed under subsection (a). ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICABLE TAX -EXEMPT ORGANIZA -
TION.—The term ‘applicable tax-exempt organi-zation’ means any organization that for the tax-able year— ‘‘(A) is exempt from taxation under section 501(a), ‘‘(B) is a farmers’ cooperative organization de-scribed in section 521(b)(1), ‘‘(C) has income excluded from taxation under section 115(1), or ‘‘(D) is a political organization described in section 527(e)(1). ‘‘(2) COVERED EMPLOYEE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘covered employee’ means any employee (including any former employee) of an applicable tax-exempt organization if the employee— ‘‘(A) is one of the 5 highest compensated em-ployees of the organization for the taxable year, or ‘‘(B) was a covered employee of the organiza-tion (or any predecessor) for any preceding tax-able year beginning after December 31, 2016. ‘‘(3) R
EMUNERATION .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘remuneration’ means wages (as defined in section 3401(a)), except that such term shall not include any designated Roth con-tribution (as defined in section 402A(c)). ‘‘(4) R
EMUNERATION FROM RELATED ORGANIZA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Remuneration of a covered employee paid by an applicable tax-exempt or-ganization shall include any remuneration paid with respect to employment of such employee by any related person or governmental entity. ‘‘(B) R
ELATED ORGANIZATIONS .—A person or governmental entity shall be treated as related to an applicable tax-exempt organization if such person or governmental entity— ‘‘(i) controls, or is controlled by, the organiza-tion, ‘‘(ii) is controlled by one or more persons that control the organization, ‘‘(iii) is a supported organization (as defined in section 509(f)(2)) during the taxable year with respect to the organization, ‘‘(iv) is a supporting organization described in section 509(a)(3) during the taxable year with respect to the organization, or ‘‘(v) in the case of an organization that is a voluntary employees’ beneficiary association de-scribed in section 501(a)(9), establishes, main-tains, or makes contributions to such voluntary employees’ beneficiary association. ‘‘(C) L
IABILITY FOR TAX .—In any case in which remuneration from more than one em-ployer is taken into account under this para-graph in determining the tax imposed by sub-section (a), each such employer shall be liable for such tax in an amount which bears the same ratio to the total tax determined under sub-section (a) with respect to such remuneration as— ‘‘(i) the amount of remuneration paid by such employer with respect to such employee, bears to ‘‘(ii) the amount of remuneration paid by all such employers to such employee. ‘‘(5) E
XCESS PARACHUTE PAYMENT .—For pur- poses determining the tax imposed by subsection (a)(2)— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘excess parachute payment’ means an amount equal to the excess of any parachute payment over the portion of the base amount allocated to such payment. ‘‘(B) P
ARACHUTE PAYMENT .—The term ‘para-chute payment’ means any payment in the na-ture of compensation to (or for the benefit of) a covered employee if— ‘‘(i) such payment is contingent on such em-ployee’s separation from employment with the employer, and ‘‘(ii) the aggregate present value of the pay-ments in the nature of compensation to (or for the benefit of) such individual which are con-tingent on such separation equals or exceeds an amount equal to 3 times the base amount. Such term does not include any payment de-scribed in section 280G(b)(6) (relating to exemp-tion for payments under qualified plans) or any payment made under or to an annuity contract described in section 403(b) or a plan described in section 457(b). ‘‘(C) B
ASE AMOUNT .—Rules similar to the rules of 280G(b)(3) shall apply for purposes of deter-mining the base amount. ‘‘(D) P
ROPERTY TRANSFERS ; PRESENT VALUE .— Rules similar to the rules of paragraphs (3) and (4) of section 280G(d) shall apply. ‘‘(6) C
OORDINATION WITH DEDUCTION LIMITA -
TION.—Remuneration the deduction for which is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9333 November 15, 2017 
not allowed by reason of section 162(m) shall not be taken into account for purposes of this sec-tion. ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe such regulations as may be necessary to prevent avoidance of the purposes of this section through the performance of services other than as an employee.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for subchapter D of chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4960. Tax on excess exempt organization executive compensation.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 3803. TREATMENT OF QUALIFIED EQUITY GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) E
LECTION TO DEFER INCOME .—Section 83 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) Q
UALIFIED EQUITY GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-title, if qualified stock is transferred to a quali-fied employee who makes an election with re-spect to such stock under this subsection— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), no amount shall be included in income under subsection (a) for the first taxable year in which the rights of the employee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, whichever is applicable, and ‘‘(B) an amount equal to the amount which would be included in income of the employee under subsection (a) (determined without regard to this subsection) shall be included in income for the taxable year of the employee which in-cludes the earliest of— ‘‘(i) the first date such qualified stock becomes transferable (including transferable to the em-ployer), ‘‘(ii) the date the employee first becomes an excluded employee, ‘‘(iii) the first date on which any stock of the corporation which issued the qualified stock be-comes readily tradable on an established securi-ties market (as determined by the Secretary, but not including any market unless such market is recognized as an established securities market by the Secretary for purposes of a provision of this title other than this subsection), ‘‘(iv) the date that is 5 years after the first date the rights of the employee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, whichever occurs earlier, or ‘‘(v) the date on which the employee revokes (at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may provide) the election under this sub-section with respect to such stock. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED STOCK .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘qualified stock’ means, with respect to any qualified employee, any stock in a corporation which is the employer of such em-ployee, if— ‘‘(i) such stock is received— ‘‘(I) in connection with the exercise of an op-tion, or ‘‘(II) in settlement of a restricted stock unit, and ‘‘(ii) such option or restricted stock unit was provided by the corporation— ‘‘(I) in connection with the performance of services as an employee, and ‘‘(II) during a calendar year in which such corporation was an eligible corporation. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The term ‘qualified stock’ shall not include any stock if the employee may sell such stock to, or otherwise receive cash in lieu of stock from, the corporation at the time that the rights of the employee in such stock first become transferable or not subject to a sub-stantial risk of forfeiture. ‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE CORPORATION .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)(ii)(II)— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible corpora-tion’ means, with respect to any calendar year, any corporation if— ‘‘(I) no stock of such corporation (or any predecessor of such corporation) is readily tradable on an established securities market (as determined under paragraph (1)(B)(iii)) during any preceding calendar year, and ‘‘(II) such corporation has a written plan under which, in such calendar year, not less than 80 percent of all employees who provide services to such corporation in the United States (or any possession of the United States) are granted stock options, or restricted stock units, with the same rights and privileges to receive qualified stock. ‘‘(ii) SAME RIGHTS AND PRIVILEGES .—For pur- poses of clause (i)(II)— ‘‘(I) except as provided in subclauses (II) and (III), the determination of rights and privileges with respect to stock shall be determined in a similar manner as provided under section 423(b)(5), ‘‘(II) employees shall not fail to be treated as having the same rights and privileges to receive qualified stock solely because the number of shares available to all employees is not equal in amount, so long as the number of shares avail-able to each employee is more than a de minimis amount, and ‘‘(III) rights and privileges with respect to the exercise of an option shall not be treated as the same as rights and privileges with respect to the settlement of a restricted stock unit. ‘‘(iii) E
MPLOYEE .—For purposes of clause (i)(II), the term ‘employee’ shall not include any employee described in section 4980E(d)(4) or any excluded employee. ‘‘(iv) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CALENDAR YEARS BE -
FORE 2018 .—In the case of any calendar year be-ginning before January 1, 2018, clause (i)(II) shall be applied without regard to whether the rights and privileges with respect to the quali-fied stock are the same. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED EMPLOYEE ; EXCLUDED EM -
PLOYEE .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified em-ployee’ means any individual who— ‘‘(i) is not an excluded employee, and ‘‘(ii) agrees in the election made under this subsection to meet such requirements as deter-mined by the Secretary to be necessary to ensure that the withholding requirements of the cor-poration under chapter 24 with respect to the qualified stock are met. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUDED EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘ex-cluded employee’ means, with respect to any corporation, any individual— ‘‘(i) who was a 1-percent owner (within the meaning of section 416(i)(1)(B)(ii)) at any time during the 10 preceding calendar years, ‘‘(ii) who is or has been at any prior time— ‘‘(I) the chief executive officer of such cor-poration or an individual acting in such a ca-pacity, or ‘‘(II) the chief financial officer of such cor-poration or an individual acting in such a ca-pacity, ‘‘(iii) who bears a relationship described in section 318(a)(1) to any individual described in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (ii), or ‘‘(iv) who has been for any of the 10 preceding taxable years one of the 4 highest compensated officers of such corporation determined with re-spect to each such taxable year on the basis of the shareholder disclosure rules for compensa-tion under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as if such rules applied to such corporation). ‘‘(4) E
LECTION .— ‘‘(A) T
IME FOR MAKING ELECTION .—An elec- tion with respect to qualified stock shall be made under this subsection no later than 30 days after the first time the rights of the em-ployee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, which-ever occurs earlier, and shall be made in a man-ner similar to the manner in which an election is made under subsection (b). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS .—No election may be made under this section with respect to any qualified stock if— ‘‘(i) the qualified employee has made an elec-tion under subsection (b) with respect to such qualified stock, ‘‘(ii) any stock of the corporation which issued the qualified stock is readily tradable on an established securities market (as determined under paragraph (1)(B)(iii)) at any time before the election is made, or ‘‘(iii) such corporation purchased any of its outstanding stock in the calendar year pre-ceding the calendar year which includes the first time the rights of the employee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, unless— ‘‘(I) not less than 25 percent of the total dollar amount of the stock so purchased is deferral stock, and ‘‘(II) the determination of which individuals from whom deferral stock is purchased is made on a reasonable basis. ‘‘(C) DEFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES RELATED  
TO LIMITATION ON STOCK REDEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(i) D
EFERRAL STOCK .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘deferral stock’ means stock with respect to which an election is in effect under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) D
EFERRAL STOCK WITH RESPECT TO ANY  
INDIVIDUAL NOT TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IF INDI -
VIDUAL HOLDS DEFERRAL STOCK WITH LONGER  
DEFERRAL PERIOD .—Stock purchased by a cor-poration from any individual shall not be treat-ed as deferral stock for purposes of clause (iii) if such individual (immediately after such pur-chase) holds any deferral stock with respect to which an election has been in effect under this subsection for a longer period than the election with respect to the stock so purchased. ‘‘(iii) P
URCHASE OF ALL OUTSTANDING DEFER -
RAL STOCK .—The requirements of subclauses (I) and (II) of subparagraph (B)(iii) shall be treat-ed as met if the stock so purchased includes all of the corporation’s outstanding deferral stock. ‘‘(iv) R
EPORTING .—Any corporation which has outstanding deferral stock as of the beginning of any calendar year and which purchases any of its outstanding stock during such calendar year shall include on its return of tax for the taxable year in which, or with which, such calendar year ends the total dollar amount of its out-standing stock so purchased during such cal-endar year and such other information as the Secretary may require for purposes of admin-istering this paragraph. ‘‘(5) C
ONTROLLED GROUPS .—For purposes of this subsection, all corporations which are mem-bers of the same controlled group of corpora-tions (as defined in section 1563(a)) shall be treated as one corporation. ‘‘(6) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT .—Any corporation that transfers qualified stock to a qualified em-ployee shall, at the time that (or a reasonable period before) an amount attributable to such stock would (but for this subsection) first be in-cludible in the gross income of such employee— ‘‘(A) certify to such employee that such stock is qualified stock, and ‘‘(B) notify such employee— ‘‘(i) that the employee may elect to defer in-come on such stock under this subsection, and ‘‘(ii) that, if the employee makes such an elec-tion— ‘‘(I) the amount of income recognized at the end of the deferral period will be based on the value of the stock at the time at which the rights of the employee in such stock first become transferable or not subject to substantial risk of forfeiture, notwithstanding whether the value of the stock has declined during the deferral pe-riod, ‘‘(II) the amount of such income recognized at the end of the deferral period will be subject to withholding under section 3401(i) at the rate de-termined under section 3402(t), and ‘‘(III) the responsibilities of the employee (as determined by the Secretary under paragraph (3)(A)(ii)) with respect to such withholding. ‘‘(7) R
ESTRICTED STOCK UNITS .—This section (other than this subsection), including any elec-tion under subsection (b), shall not apply to re-stricted stock units.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9334 November 15, 2017 
(2) D EDUCTION BY EMPLOYER .—Subsection (h) of section 83 is amended by striking ‘‘or (d)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘(d)(2), or (i)’’. (b) W
ITHHOLDING .— (1) T
IME OF WITHHOLDING .—Section 3401 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) Q
UALIFIED STOCK FOR WHICH AN ELEC-
TION ISI N EFFECT UNDER SECTION 83(i).—For purposes of subsection (a), qualified stock (as defined in section 83(i)) with respect to which an election is made under section 83(i) shall be treated as wages— ‘‘(1) received on the earliest date described in section 83(i)(1)(B), and ‘‘(2) in an amount equal to the amount in-cluded in income under section 83 for the tax-able year which includes such date.’’. (2) A
MOUNT OF WITHHOLDING .—Section 3402 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(t) R
ATE OF WITHHOLDING FOR CERTAIN  S
TOCK .—In the case of any qualified stock (as defined in section 83(i)) with respect to which an election is made under section 83(i)— ‘‘(1) the rate of tax under subsection (a) shall not be less than the maximum rate of tax in ef-fect under section 1, and ‘‘(2) such stock shall be treated for purposes of section 3501(b) in the same manner as a non- cash fringe benefit.’’. (c) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER DEFERRED  C
OMPENSATION RULES.— (1) E
LECTION TO APPLY DEFERRAL TO STATU -
TORY OPTIONS .— (A) I
NCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS .—Section 422(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such term shall not include any option if an election is made under section 83(i) with respect to the stock received in connection with the ex-ercise of such option.’’. (B) E
MPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLANS .—Sec- tion 423(a) is amended by adding at the end the following flush sentence: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to any share of stock with respect to which an election is made under section 83(i).’’. (2) E
XCLUSION FROM DEFINITION OF NON -
QUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN .— Subsection (d) of section 409A is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF QUALIFIED STOCK .—An ar- rangement under which an employee may re-ceive qualified stock (as defined in section 83(i)(2)) shall not be treated as a nonqualified deferred compensation plan solely because of an employee’s election, or ability to make an elec-tion, to defer recognition of income under sec-tion 83(i).’’. (d) I
NFORMATION REPORTING .—Section 6051(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (13), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (14) and inserting a comma, and by inserting after paragraph (14) the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(15) the amount excludable from gross in-come under subparagraph (A) of section 83(i)(1), ‘‘(16) the amount includible in gross income under subparagraph (B) of section 83(i)(1) with respect to an event described in such subpara-graph which occurs in such calendar year, and ‘‘(17) the aggregate amount of income which is being deferred pursuant to elections under sec-tion 83(i), determined as of the close of the cal-endar year.’’. (e) P
ENALTY FOR FAILURE OF EMPLOYER TO P
ROVIDE NOTICE OF TAXCONSEQUENCES .—Sec- tion 6652 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(o) F
AILURE TO PROVIDE NOTICE UNDER SEC-
TION 83(i).—In the case of each failure to pro-vide a notice as required by section 83(i)(6), at the time prescribed therefor, unless it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect, there shall be paid, on no-tice and demand of the Secretary and in the same manner as tax, by the person failing to provide such notice, an amount equal to $100 for each such failure, but the total amount imposed on such person for all such failures during any calendar year shall not exceed $50,000.’’. (f) EFFECTIVE DATES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to stock attributable to options exer-cised, or restricted stock units settled, after De-cember 31, 2017. (2) R
EQUIREMENT TO PROVIDE NOTICE .—The amendments made by subsection (e) shall apply to failures after December 31, 2017. (g) T
RANSITION RULE.—Until such time as the Secretary (or the Secretary’s delegate) issue reg-ulations or other guidance for purposes of im-plementing the requirements of paragraph (2)(C)(i)(II) of section 83(i) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 (as added by this section), or the requirements of paragraph (6) of such sec-tion, a corporation shall be treated as being in compliance with such requirements (respec-tively) if such corporation complies with a rea-sonable good faith interpretation of such re-quirements. TITLE IV—TAXATION OF FOREIGN INCOME AND FOREIGN PERSONS Subtitle A—Establishment of Participation Exemption System for Taxation of Foreign Income 
SEC. 4001. DEDUCTION FOR FOREIGN-SOURCE PORTION OF DIVIDENDS RECEIVED BY DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS FROM SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOR-EIGN CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 245 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 245A. DEDUCTION FOR FOREIGN-SOURCE PORTION OF DIVIDENDS RECEIVED BY DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS FROM SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOR-EIGN CORPORATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any divi-dend received from a specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation by a domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder with re-spect to such foreign corporation, there shall be allowed as a deduction an amount equal to the foreign-source portion of such dividend. ‘‘(b) S
PECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN  C
ORPORATION .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘specified 10-percent owned foreign cor-poration’ means any foreign corporation with respect to which any domestic corporation is a United States shareholder. Such term shall not include any passive foreign investment company (within the meaning of subpart D of part VI of subchapter P) that is not a controlled foreign corporation. ‘‘(c) F
OREIGN -SOURCE PORTION .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The foreign-source portion of any dividend is an amount which bears the same ratio to such dividend as— ‘‘(A) the post-1986 undistributed foreign earn-ings of the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation, bears to ‘‘(B) the total post-1986 undistributed earn-ings of such foreign corporation. ‘‘(2) P
OST-1986 UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS .—The term ‘post-1986 undistributed earnings’ means the amount of the earnings and profits of the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation (computed in accordance with sections 964(a) and 986) accumulated in taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 1986— ‘‘(A) as of the close of the taxable year of the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation in which the dividend is distributed, and ‘‘(B) without diminution by reason of divi-dends distributed during such taxable year. ‘‘(3) P
OST-1986 UNDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN EARN -
INGS.—The term ‘post-1986 undistributed foreign earnings’ means the portion of the post-1986 un-distributed earnings which is attributable to nei-ther— ‘‘(A) income described in subparagraph (A) of section 245(a)(5), nor ‘‘(B) dividends described in subparagraph (B) of such section (determined without regard to section 245(a)(12)). ‘‘(4) TREATMENT OF DISTRIBUTIONS FROM  
EARNINGS BEFORE 1987 .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any divi-dend paid out of earnings and profits of the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation (computed in accordance with sections 964(a) and 986) accumulated in taxable years begin-ning before January 1, 1987— ‘‘(i) paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) shall be ap-plied without regard to the phrase ‘post-1986’ each place it appears, and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (2) shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘after the date specified in section 316(a)(1)’ for ‘in taxable years beginning after December 31, 1986’. ‘‘(B) D
IVIDENDS PAID FIRST OUT OF POST -1986 
EARNINGS .—Dividends shall be treated as paid out of post-1986 undistributed earnings to the extent thereof. ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN DIVIDENDS IN EX -
CESS OF UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS .—In the case of any dividend from the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation which is in excess of undistributed earnings (as determined under paragraph (2) after taking into account the modifications described in clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (4)(A)), the foreign-source portion of such dividend is an amount which bears the same ratio to such dividend as— ‘‘(A) the portion of the earnings and profits described in subparagraph (B) which is attrib-utable to neither income described in paragraph (3)(A) nor dividends described in paragraph (3)(B), bears to ‘‘(B) the earnings and profits of such corpora-tion for the taxable year in which such distribu-tion is made (computed as of the close of the taxable year without diminution by reason of any distributions made during the taxable year). ‘‘(d) D
ISALLOWANCE OF FOREIGN TAXCREDIT , 
ETC.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No credit shall be allowed under section 901 for any taxes paid or accrued (or treated as paid or accrued) with respect to any dividend for which a deduction is allowed under this section. ‘‘(2) D
ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for any tax for which credit is not allowable under section 901 by reason of paragraph (1) (determined by treating the taxpayer as having elected the ben-efits of subpart A of part III of subchapter N). ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may pre-scribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION OF HOLDING PERIOD RE-
QUIREMENT .—Section 246(c) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or 245’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘245, or 245A’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES FOR FOREIGN SOURCE POR -
TION OF DIVIDENDS RECEIVED FROM SPECIFIED 10 - 
PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS .— ‘‘(A) 6-
MONTH HOLDING PERIOD REQUIRE -
MENT .—For purposes of section 245A— ‘‘(i) paragraph (1)(A) shall be applied— ‘‘(I) by substituting ‘180 days’ for ‘45 days’each place it appears, and ‘‘(II) by substituting ‘361-day period’ for ‘91- day period’, and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (2) shall not apply. ‘‘(B) S
TATUS MUST BE MAINTAINED DURING  
HOLDING PERIOD .—For purposes of applying paragraph (1) with respect to section 245A, the taxpayer shall be treated as holding the stock referred to in paragraph (1) for any period only if— ‘‘(i) the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation referred to in section 245A(a) is a specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation for such period, and ‘‘(ii) the taxpayer is a United States share-holder with respect to such specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation for such period.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9335 November 15, 2017 
(c) A PPLICATION OF RULES GENERALLY APPLI-
CABLE TO DEDUCTIONS FOR DIVIDENDS RE-
CEIVED .— (1) T
REATMENT OF DIVIDENDS FROM CERTAIN  
CORPORATIONS .—Section 246(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘and 245’’ and inserting ‘‘245, and 245A’’. (2) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 1059 .—Section 1059(b)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘or 245’’ and inserting ‘‘245, or 245A’’. (d) C
OORDINATION WITHFOREIGN TAXCREDIT  L
IMITATION .—Section 904(b) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF DIVIDENDS FOR WHICH DE -
DUCTION IS ALLOWED UNDER SECTION 245A .—For purposes of subsection (a), in the case of a United States shareholder with respect to a specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation, such shareholder’s taxable income from sources without the United States (and entire taxable income) shall be determined without regard to— ‘‘(A) the foreign-source portion of any divi-dend received from such foreign corporation, and ‘‘(B) any deductions properly allocable or ap-portioned to— ‘‘(i) income (other than subpart F income (as defined in section 952) and foreign high return amounts (as defined in section 951A(b)) with re-spect to stock of such specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation, or ‘‘(ii) such stock (to the extent income with re-spect to such stock is other than subpart F in-come (as so defined) or foreign high return amounts (as so defined)). Any term which is used in section 245A and in this paragraph shall have the same meaning for purposes of this paragraph as when used in such section.’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 245(a)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘section 902(c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 245A(c)(2) applied by substituting ‘qualified 10- percent owned foreign corporation’ for ‘specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation’ each place it appears’’. (2) Section 951(b) is amended by striking ‘‘sub-part’’ and inserting ‘‘title’’. (3) Section 957(a) is amended by striking ‘‘sub-part’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘title’’. (4) The table of sections for part VIII of sub-chapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 245 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 245A. Deduction for foreign-source por-tion of dividends received by do-mestic corporations from specified 10-percent owned foreign corpora-tions.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distributions made after (and, in the case of the amendments made by subsection (d), deductions with respect to taxable years ending after) December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 4002. APPLICATION OF PARTICIPATION EX-EMPTION TO INVESTMENTS IN UNITED STATES PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 956(a) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘(other than a corporation)’’ after ‘‘United States shareholder’’. (b) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY TO PREVENT  A
BUSE.—Section 956(e) is amended by striking ‘‘including regulations to prevent’’ and insert-ing ‘‘including regulations— ‘‘(1) to address United States shareholders that are partnerships with corporate partners, and ‘‘(2) to prevent’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 4003. LIMITATION ON LOSSES WITH RE-SPECT TO SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS. 
(a) B ASIS IN SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED  F
OREIGN CORPORATION REDUCED BY NONTAXED  PORTION OF DIVIDEND FOR PURPOSES OF DETER-
MINING LOSS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 961 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) B
ASIS IN SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED  F
OREIGN CORPORATION REDUCED BY NONTAXED  P
ORTION OF DIVIDEND FOR PURPOSES OF DETER-
MINING LOSS.—If a domestic corporation re-ceived a dividend from a specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation (as defined in section 245A) in any taxable year, solely for purposes of determining loss on any disposition of stock of such foreign corporation in such taxable year or any subsequent taxable year, the basis of such domestic corporation in such stock shall be re-duced (but not below zero) by the amount of any deduction allowable to such domestic cor-poration under section 245A with respect to such stock except to the extent such basis was re-duced under section 1059 by reason of a divi-dend for which such a deduction was allow-able.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to distributions made after December 31, 2017. (b) T
REATMENT OF FOREIGN BRANCH LOSSES  T
RANSFERRED TO SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED  F
OREIGN CORPORATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part II of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 91. CERTAIN FOREIGN BRANCH LOSSES TRANSFERRED TO SPECIFIED 10- PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN COR-PORATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If a domestic corporation transfers substantially all of the assets of a for-eign branch (within the meaning of section 367(a)(3)(C)) to a specified 10-percent owned for-eign corporation (as defined in section 245A) with respect to which it is a United States shareholder after such transfer, such domestic corporation shall include in gross income for the taxable year which includes such transfer an amount equal to the transferred loss amount with respect to such transfer. ‘‘(b) T
RANSFERRED LOSSAMOUNT .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘transferred loss amount’ means, with respect to any transfer of substantially all of the assets of a foreign branch, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(1) the sum of losses— ‘‘(A) which were incurred by the foreign branch after December 31, 2017, and before the transfer, and ‘‘(B) with respect to which a deduction was allowed to the taxpayer, over ‘‘(2) the sum of— ‘‘(A) any taxable income of such branch for a taxable year after the taxable year in which the loss was incurred and through the close of the taxable year of the transfer, and ‘‘(B) any amount which is recognized under section 904(f)(3) on account of the transfer. ‘‘(c) R
EDUCTION FOR RECOGNIZED GAINS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a transfer not described in section 367(a)(3)(C), the trans-ferred loss amount shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount of gain recognized by the taxpayer on account of the transfer (other than amounts taken into account under sub-section (c)(2)(B)). ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION WITH RECOGNITION UNDER  
SECTION 367 .—In the case of a transfer described in section 367(a)(3)(C), the transferred loss amount shall not exceed the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the excess of the amount described in section 367(a)(3)(C)(i) over the amount described in section 367(a)(3)(C)(ii) with respect to such transfer, over ‘‘(B) the amount of gain recognized under sec-tion 367(a)(3)(C) with respect to such transfer. ‘‘(d) S
OURCE OF INCOME .—Amounts included in gross income under this section shall be treat-ed as derived from sources within the United States. ‘‘(e) B
ASIS ADJUSTMENTS .—Consistent with such regulations or other guidance as the Sec-retary may prescribe, proper adjustments shall be made in the adjusted basis of the taxpayer’s stock in the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation to which the transfer is made, and in the transferee’s adjusted basis in the property transferred, to reflect amounts included in gross income under this section.’’. (2) AMOUNTS RECOGNIZED UNDER SECTION 367  
ON TRANSFER OF FOREIGN BRANCH WITH PRE -
VIOUSLY DEDUCTED LOSSES TREATED AS UNITED  
STATES SOURCE .—Section 367(a)(3)(C) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘outside’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘within’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for part II of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 91. Certain foreign branch losses trans-ferred to specified 10-percent owned foreign corporations.’’. (4) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to transfers after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 4004. TREATMENT OF DEFERRED FOREIGN INCOME UPON TRANSITION TO PAR-TICIPATION EXEMPTION SYSTEM OF TAXATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 965 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 965. TREATMENT OF DEFERRED FOREIGN INCOME UPON TRANSITION TO PAR-TICIPATION EXEMPTION SYSTEM OF TAXATION. 
‘‘(a) T REATMENT OF DEFERRED FOREIGN IN-
COME AS SUBPART F INCOME .—In the case of the last taxable year of a deferred foreign income corporation which begins before January 1, 2018, the subpart F income of such foreign cor-poration (as otherwise determined for such tax-able year under section 952) shall be increased by the greater of— ‘‘(1) the accumulated post-1986 deferred for-eign income of such corporation determined as of November 2, 2017, or ‘‘(2) the accumulated post-1986 deferred for-eign income of such corporation determined as of December 31, 2017. ‘‘(b) R
EDUCTION IN AMOUNTS INCLUDED IN  G
ROSS INCOME OF UNITED STATES SHARE -
HOLDERS OF SPECIFIED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS  W
ITHDEFICITS IN EARNINGS AND PROFITS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer which is a United States shareholder with re-spect to at least one deferred foreign income cor-poration and at least one E&P deficit foreign corporation, the amount which would (but for this subsection) be taken into account under section 951(a)(1) by reason of subsection (a) as such United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the subpart F income of each deferred foreign income corporation shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount of such United States shareholder’s aggregate foreign E&P deficit which is allocated under paragraph (2) to such deferred foreign income corporation. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF AGGREGATE FOREIGN E&P  
DEFICIT .—The aggregate foreign E&P deficit of any United States shareholder shall be allocated among the deferred foreign income corporations of such United States shareholder in an amount which bears the same proportion to such aggre-gate as— ‘‘(A) such United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the accumulated post-1986 deferred foreign income of each such deferred foreign in-come corporation, bears to ‘‘(B) the aggregate of such United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the accumulated post-1986 deferred foreign income of all deferred foreign income corporations of such United States shareholder. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS RELATED TO E&P DEFICITS .— For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) A
GGREGATE FOREIGN E&P DEFICIT .—The term ‘aggregate foreign E&P deficit’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder, the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata shares of the specified E&P deficits of the E&P deficit foreign corporations of such shareholder. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9336 November 15, 2017 
‘‘(B) E&P DEFICIT FOREIGN CORPORATION .— The term ‘E&P deficit foreign corporation’ means, with respect to any taxpayer, any speci-fied foreign corporation with respect to which such taxpayer is a United States shareholder, if— ‘‘(i) such specified foreign corporation has a deficit in post-1986 earnings and profits, and ‘‘(ii) as of November 2, 2017— ‘‘(I) such corporation was a specified foreign corporation, and ‘‘(II) such taxpayer was a United States shareholder of such corporation. ‘‘(C) S
PECIFIED E&P DEFICIT .—The term ‘speci-fied E&P deficit’ means, with respect to any E&P deficit foreign corporation, the amount of the deficit referred to in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(4) N
ETTING AMONG UNITED STATES SHARE -
HOLDERS IN SAME AFFILIATED GROUP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any affili-ated group which includes at least one E&P net surplus shareholder and one E&P net deficit shareholder, the amount which would (but for this paragraph) be taken into account under section 951(a)(1) by reason of subsection (a) by each such E&P net surplus shareholder shall be reduced (but not below zero) by such share-holder’s applicable share of the affiliated group’s aggregate unused E&P deficit. ‘‘(B) E&P 
NET SURPLUS SHAREHOLDER .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘E&P net surplus shareholder’ means any United States shareholder which would (determined without regard to this paragraph) take into account an amount greater than zero under section 951(a)(1) by reason of subsection (a). ‘‘(C) E&P 
NET DEFICIT SHAREHOLDER .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘E&P net deficit shareholder’ means any United States shareholder if— ‘‘(i) the aggregate foreign E&P deficit with re-spect to such shareholder (as defined in para-graph (3)(A)), exceeds ‘‘(ii) the amount which would (but for this subsection) be taken into account by such shareholder under section 951(a)(1) by reason of subsection (a). ‘‘(D) A
GGREGATE UNUSED E&P DEFICIT .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘aggregate unused E&P deficit’ means, with respect to any affili-ated group, the lesser of— ‘‘(I) the sum of the excesses described in sub-paragraph (C), determined with respect to each E&P net deficit shareholder in such group, or ‘‘(II) the amount determined under subpara-graph (E)(ii). ‘‘(ii) R
EDUCTION WITH RESPECT TO E&P NET  
DEFICIT SHAREHOLDERS WHICH ARE NOT WHOLLY  
OWNED BY THE AFFILIATED GROUP .—If the group ownership percentage of any E&P net deficit shareholder is less than 100 percent, the amount of the excess described in subparagraph (C) which is taken into account under clause (i)(I) with respect to such E&P net deficit shareholder shall be such group ownership percentage of such amount. ‘‘(E) A
PPLICABLE SHARE .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘applicable share’ means, with respect to any E&P net surplus share-holder in any affiliated group, the amount which bears the same proportion to such group’s aggregate unused E&P deficit as— ‘‘(i) the product of— ‘‘(I) such shareholder’s group ownership per-centage, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the amount which would (but for this paragraph) be taken into account under section 951(a)(1) by reason of subsection (a) by such shareholder, bears to ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount determined under clause (i) with respect to all E&P net surplus shareholders in such group. ‘‘(F) G
ROUP OWNERSHIP PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘group ownership percentage’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder in any affiliated group, the percentage of the value of the stock of such United States shareholder which is held by other includible corporations in such affili-ated group. Notwithstanding the preceding sen-tence, the group ownership percentage of the common parent of the affiliated group is 100 per-cent. Any term used in this subparagraph which is also used in section 1504 shall have the same meaning as when used in such section. ‘‘(c) APPLICATION OF PARTICIPATION EXEMP -
TION TO INCLUDED INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a United States shareholder of a deferred foreign income corporation, there shall be allowed as a deduc-tion for the taxable year in which an amount is included in the gross income of such United States shareholder under section 951(a)(1) by reason of this section an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) the United States shareholder’s 7 percent rate equivalent percentage of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the amount so included as gross income, over ‘‘(ii) the amount of such United States share-holder’s aggregate foreign cash position, plus ‘‘(B) the United States shareholder’s 14 per-cent rate equivalent percentage of so much of the amount described in subparagraph (A)(ii) as does not exceed the amount described in sub-paragraph (A)(i). ‘‘(2) 7 
AND 14 PERCENT RATE EQUIVALENT PER -
CENTAGES .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) 7 
PERCENT RATE EQUIVALENT PERCENT -
AGE.—The term ‘7 percent rate equivalent per-centage’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder for any taxable year, the per-centage which would result in the amount to which such percentage applies being subject to a 7 percent rate of tax determined by only taking into account a deduction equal to such percent-age of such amount and the highest rate of tax specified in section 11 for such taxable year. In the case of any taxable year of a United States shareholder to which section 15 applies, the highest rate of tax under section 11 before the effective date of the change in rates and the highest rate of tax under section 11 after the ef-fective date of such change shall each be taken into account under the preceding sentence in the same proportions as the portion of such tax-able year which is before and after such effec-tive date, respectively. ‘‘(B) 14 
PERCENT RATE EQUIVALENT PERCENT -
AGE.—The term ‘14 percent rate equivalent per-centage’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder for any taxable year, the per-centage determined under subparagraph (A) ap-plied by substituting ‘14 percent rate of tax’ for ‘7 percent rate of tax’. ‘‘(3) A
GGREGATE FOREIGN CASH POSITION .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘aggregate for-eign cash position’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder, one-third of the sum of— ‘‘(i) the aggregate of such United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the cash position of each specified foreign corporation of such United States shareholder determined as of No-vember 2, 2017, ‘‘(ii) the aggregate described in clause (i) de-termined as of the close of the last taxable year of each such specified foreign corporation which ends before November 2, 2017, and ‘‘(iii) the aggregate described in clause (i) de-termined as of the close of the taxable year of each such specified foreign corporation which precedes the taxable year referred to in clause (ii). In the case of any foreign corporation which did not exist as of the determination date described in clause (ii) or (iii), this subparagraph shall be applied separately to such foreign corporation by not taking into account such clause and by substituting ‘one-half (100 percent in the case that both clauses (ii) and (iii) are disregarded)’ for ‘one-third’. ‘‘(B) CASH POSITION .—For purposes of this paragraph, the cash position of any specified foreign corporation is the sum of— ‘‘(i) cash held by such foreign corporation, ‘‘(ii) the net accounts receivable of such for-eign corporation, plus ‘‘(iii) the fair market value of the following assets held by such corporation: ‘‘(I) Actively traded personal property for which there is an established financial market. ‘‘(II) Commercial paper, certificates of deposit, the securities of the Federal government and of any State or foreign government. ‘‘(III) Any foreign currency. ‘‘(IV) Any obligation with a term of less than one year. ‘‘(V) Any asset which the Secretary identifies as being economically equivalent to any asset described in this subparagraph. ‘‘(C) N
ET ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘net accounts receivable’ means, with respect to any specified foreign corporation, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) such corporation’s accounts receivable, over ‘‘(ii) such corporation’s accounts payable (de-termined consistent with the rules of section 461). ‘‘(D) P
REVENTION OF DOUBLE COUNTING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The applicable percentage of each specified cash position of a specified for-eign corporation shall not be taken into account by— ‘‘(I) the United States shareholder referred to in clause (ii) with respect to such position, or ‘‘(II) any United States shareholder which is an includible corporation in the same affiliated group as such United States shareholder re-ferred to in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) S
PECIFIED CASH POSITION .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘specified cash position’ means— ‘‘(I) amounts described in subparagraph (B)(ii) to the extent such amounts are receivable from another specified foreign corporation with respect to any United States shareholder, ‘‘(II) amounts described in subparagraph (B)(iii)(I) to the extent such amounts consist of an equity interest in another specified foreign corporation with respect to any United States shareholder, and ‘‘(III) amounts described in subparagraph (B)(iii)(IV) to the extent that another specified foreign corporation with respect to any United States shareholder is obligated to repay such amount. ‘‘(iii) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘applicable per-centage’ means— ‘‘(I) with respect to each specified cash posi-tion described in subclause (I) or (III) of clause (ii), the pro rata share of the United States shareholder referred to in clause (ii) with re-spect to the specified foreign corporation re-ferred to in such clause, and ‘‘(II) with respect to each specified cash posi-tion described in clause (ii)(II), the ratio (ex-pressed as a percentage and not in excess of 100 percent) of the United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the cash position of the specified foreign corporation referred to in such clause di-vided by the amount of such specified cash posi-tion. For purposes of this subparagraph, a separate applicable percentage shall be determined under each of subclauses (I) and (II) with respect to each specified foreign corporation referred to in clause (ii) with respect to which a specified cash position is determined for the specified foreign corporation referred to in clause (i). ‘‘(iv) R
EDUCTION WITH RESPECT TO AFFILIATED  
GROUP MEMBERS NOT WHOLLY OWNED BY THE AF -
FILIATED GROUP .—For purposes of clause (i)(II), in the case of an includible corporation the group ownership percentage of which is less than 100 percent (as determined under sub-section (b)(4)(F)), the amount not take into ac-count by reason of such clause shall be the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9337 November 15, 2017 
group ownership percentage of such amount (determined without regard to this clause). ‘‘(E) C
ERTAIN BLOCKED ASSETS NOT TAKEN  
INTO ACCOUNT .—A cash position of a specified foreign corporation shall not be taken into ac-count under subparagraph (A) if such position could not (as of the date that it would otherwise have been taken into account under clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of subparagraph (A)) have been dis-tributed by such specified foreign corporation to United States shareholders of such specified for-eign corporation because of currency or other restrictions or limitations imposed under the laws of any foreign country (within the mean-ing of section 964(b)). ‘‘(F) C
ASH POSITIONS OF CERTAIN NON -COR-
PORATE ENTITIES TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT .—An en- tity (other than a domestic corporation) shall be treated as a specified foreign corporation of a United States shareholder for purposes of deter-mining such United States shareholder’s aggre-gate foreign cash position if any interest in such entity is held by a specified foreign corporation of such United States shareholder (determined after application of this subparagraph) and such entity would be a specified foreign cor-poration of such United States shareholder if such entity were a foreign corporation. ‘‘(G) T
IME OF CERTAIN DETERMINATIONS .—For purposes of this paragraph, the determination of whether a person is a United States share-holder, whether a person is a specified foreign corporation, and the pro rata share of a United States shareholder with respect to a specified foreign corporation, shall be determined as of the end of the taxable year described in sub-section (a). ‘‘(H) A
NTI-ABUSE .—If the Secretary determines that the principal purpose of any transaction was to reduce the aggregate foreign cash posi-tion taken into account under this subsection, such transaction shall be disregarded for pur-poses of this subsection. ‘‘(d) D
EFERRED FOREIGN INCOME CORPORA -
TION; ACCUMULATED POST-1986 D EFERRED FOR-
EIGN INCOME .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) D
EFERRED FOREIGN INCOME CORPORA -
TION.—The term ‘deferred foreign income cor-poration’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder, any specified foreign cor-poration of such United States shareholder which has accumulated post-1986 deferred for-eign income (as of the date referred to in para-graph (1) or (2) of subsection (a), whichever is applicable with respect to such foreign corpora-tion) greater than zero. ‘‘(2) A
CCUMULATED POST -1986 DEFERRED FOR -
EIGN INCOME .—The term ‘accumulated post-1986 deferred foreign income’ means the post-1986 earnings and profits except to the extent such earnings— ‘‘(A) are attributable to income of the speci-fied foreign corporation which is effectively con-nected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States and subject to tax under this chapter, or ‘‘(B) if distributed, would be excluded from the gross income of a United States shareholder under section 959. To the extent provided in regulations or other guidance prescribed by the Secretary, in the case of any controlled foreign corporation which has shareholders which are not United States shareholders, accumulated post-1986 deferred foreign income shall be appropriately reduced by amounts which would be described in sub-paragraph (B) if such shareholders were United States shareholders. ‘‘(3) P
OST-1986 EARNINGS AND PROFITS .—The term ‘post-1986 earnings and profits’ means the earnings and profits of the foreign corporation (computed in accordance with sections 964(a) and 986) accumulated in taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 1986, and determined— ‘‘(A) as of the date referred to in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a), whichever is applica-ble with respect to such foreign corporation, ‘‘(B) without diminution by reason of divi-dends distributed during the taxable year end-ing with or including such date, and ‘‘(C) increased by the amount of any qualified deficit (within the meaning of section 952(c)(1)(B)(ii)) arising before January 1, 2018, which is treated as a qualified deficit (within the meaning of such section as amended by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act) for purposes of such for-eign corporation’s first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017. ‘‘(e) SPECIFIED FOREIGN CORPORATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘specified foreign corporation’ means— ‘‘(A) any controlled foreign corporation, and ‘‘(B) any foreign corporation with respect to which one or more domestic corporations is a United States shareholder (determined without regard to section 958(b)(4)). ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION TO CERTAIN FOREIGN COR -
PORATIONS .—For purposes of sections 951 and 961, a foreign corporation described in para-graph (1)(B) shall be treated as a controlled for-eign corporation solely for purposes of taking into account the subpart F income of such cor-poration under subsection (a) (and for purposes of applying subsection (f)). ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR PASSIVE FOREIGN INVEST -
MENT COMPANIES .—The term ‘specified foreign corporation’ shall not include any passive for-eign investment company (within the meaning of subpart D of part VI of subchapter P) that is not a controlled foreign corporation. ‘‘(f) D
ETERMINATIONS OF PRORATASHARE .— For purposes of this section, the determination of any United States shareholder’s pro rata share of any amount with respect to any speci-fied foreign corporation shall be determined under rules similar to the rules of section 951(a)(2) by treating such amount in the same manner as subpart F income (and by treating such specified foreign corporation as a con-trolled foreign corporation). ‘‘(g) D
ISALLOWANCE OF FOREIGN TAXCREDIT , 
ETC.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No credit shall be allowed under section 901 for the applicable percentage of any taxes paid or accrued (or treated as paid or accrued) with respect to any amount for which a deduction is allowed under this section. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘applicable percent-age’ means the amount (expressed as a percent-age) equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) 80 percent of the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the excess to which subsection (c)(1)(A) applies, divided by ‘‘(ii) the sum of such excess plus the amount to which subsection (c)(1)(B) applies, plus ‘‘(B) 60 percent of the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the amount to which subsection (c)(1)(B) applies, divided by ‘‘(ii) the sum described in subparagraph (A)(ii). ‘‘(3) D
ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for any tax for which credit is not allowable under section 901 by reason of paragraph (1) (determined by treating the taxpayer as having elected the ben-efits of subpart A of part III of subchapter N). ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 78 .—With re- spect to the taxes treated as paid or accrued by a domestic corporation with respect to amounts which are includible in gross income of such do-mestic corporation by reason of this section, sec-tion 78 shall apply only to so much of such taxes as bears the same proportion to the amount of such taxes as— ‘‘(A) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the amounts which are includible in gross income of such domestic corporation by reason of this section, over ‘‘(ii) the deduction allowable under subsection (c) with respect to such amounts, bears to ‘‘(B) such amounts. ‘‘(5) E
XTENSION OF FOREIGN TAX CREDIT CAR -
RYOVER PERIOD .—With respect to any taxes paid or accrued (or treated as paid or accrued) with respect to any amount for which a deduction is allowed under this section, section 904(c) shall be applied by substituting ‘first 20 succeeding taxable years’ for ‘first 10 succeeding taxable years’. ‘‘(h) ELECTION TO PAYLIABILITY IN INSTALL -
MENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a United States shareholder of a deferred foreign income corporation, such United States shareholder may elect to pay the net tax liability under this section in 8 equal installments. ‘‘(2) D
ATE FOR PAYMENT OF INSTALLMENTS .—If an election is made under paragraph (1), the first installment shall be paid on the due date (determined without regard to any extension of time for filing the return) for the return of tax for the taxable year described in subsection (a) and each succeeding installment shall be paid on the due date (as so determined) for the re-turn of tax for the taxable year following the taxable year with respect to which the preceding installment was made. ‘‘(3) A
CCELERATION OF PAYMENT .—If there is an addition to tax for failure to timely pay any installment required under this subsection, a liq-uidation or sale of substantially all the assets of the taxpayer (including in a title 11 or similar case), a cessation of business by the taxpayer, or any similar circumstance, then the unpaid por-tion of all remaining installments shall be due on the date of such event (or in the case of a title 11 or similar case, the day before the peti-tion is filed). The preceding sentence shall not apply to the sale of substantially all the assets of a taxpayer to a buyer if such buyer enters into an agreement with the Secretary under which such buyer is liable for the remaining in-stallments due under this subsection in the same manner as if such buyer were the taxpayer. ‘‘(4) P
RORATION OF DEFICIENCY TO INSTALL -
MENTS .—If an election is made under paragraph (1) to pay the net tax liability under this section in installments and a deficiency has been as-sessed with respect to such net tax liability, the deficiency shall be prorated to the installments payable under paragraph (1). The part of the deficiency so prorated to any installment the date for payment of which has not arrived shall be collected at the same time as, and as a part of, such installment. The part of the deficiency so prorated to any installment the date for pay-ment of which has arrived shall be paid upon notice and demand from the Secretary. This subsection shall not apply if the deficiency is due to negligence, to intentional disregard of rules and regulations, or to fraud with intent to evade tax. ‘‘(5) E
LECTION .—Any election under para-graph (1) shall be made not later than the due date for the return of tax for the taxable year described in subsection (a) and shall be made in such manner as the Secretary may provide. ‘‘(6) N
ET TAX LIABILITY UNDER THIS SECTION .— For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The net tax liability under this section with respect to any United States shareholder is the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) such taxpayer’s net income tax for the taxable year in which an amount is included in the gross income of such United States share-holder under section 951(a)(1) by reason of this section, over ‘‘(ii) such taxpayer’s net income tax for such taxable year determined— ‘‘(I) without regard to this section, and ‘‘(II) without regard to any income, deduc-tion, or credit, properly attributable to a divi-dend received by such United States shareholder from any deferred foreign income corporation. ‘‘(B) N
ET INCOME TAX .—The term ‘net income tax’ means the regular tax liability reduced by the credits allowed under subparts A, B, and D of part IV of subchapter A. ‘‘(i) S
PECIAL RULES FOR S C ORPORATION  S
HAREHOLDERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any S cor-poration which is a United States shareholder of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9338 November 15, 2017 
a deferred foreign income corporation, each shareholder of such S corporation may elect to defer payment of such shareholder’s net tax li-ability under this section with respect to such S corporation until the shareholder’s taxable year which includes the triggering event with respect to such liability. Any net tax liability payment of which is deferred under the preceding sen-tence shall be assessed on the return as an addi-tion to tax in the shareholder’s taxable year which includes such triggering event. ‘‘(2) T
RIGGERING EVENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any share-holder’s net tax liability under this section with respect to any S corporation, the triggering event with respect to such liability is whichever of the following occurs first: ‘‘(i) Such corporation ceases to be an S cor-poration (determined as of the first day of the first taxable year that such corporation is not an S corporation). ‘‘(ii) A liquidation or sale of substantially all the assets of such S corporation (including in a title 11 or similar case), a cessation of business by such S corporation, such S corporation ceases to exist, or any similar circumstance. ‘‘(iii) A transfer of any share of stock in such S corporation by the taxpayer (including by rea-son of death, or otherwise). ‘‘(B) P
ARTIAL TRANSFERS OF STOCK .—In the case of a transfer of less than all of the tax-payer’s shares of stock in the S corporation, such transfer shall only be a triggering event with respect to so much of the taxpayer’s net tax liability under this section with respect to such S corporation as is properly allocable to such stock. ‘‘(C) T
RANSFER OF LIABILITY .—A transfer de-scribed in clause (iii) shall not be treated as a triggering event if the transferee enters into an agreement with the Secretary under which such transferee is liable for net tax liability with re-spect to such stock in the same manner as if such transferee were the taxpayer. ‘‘(3) N
ET TAX LIABILITY .—A shareholder’s net tax liability under this section with respect to any S corporation is the net tax liability under this section which would be determined under subsection (h)(6) if the only subpart F income taken into account by such shareholder by rea-son of this section were allocations from such S corporation. ‘‘(4) E
LECTION TO PAY DEFERRED LIABILITY IN  
INSTALLMENTS .—In the case of a taxpayer which elects to defer payment under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) subsection (h) shall be applied separately with respect to the liability to which such elec-tion applies, ‘‘(B) an election under subsection (h) with re-spect to such liability shall be treated as timely made if made not later than the due date for the return of tax for the taxable year in which the triggering event with respect to such liability oc-curs, ‘‘(C) the first installment under subsection (h) with respect to such liability shall be paid not later than such due date (but determined with-out regard to any extension of time for filing the return), and ‘‘(D) if the triggering event with respect to any net tax liability is described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii), an election under subsection (h) with respect to such liability may be made only with the consent of the Secretary. ‘‘(5) J
OINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY OF S COR -
PORATION .—If any shareholder of an S corpora-tion elects to defer payment under paragraph (1), such S corporation shall be jointly and sev-erally liable for such payment and any penalty, addition to tax, or additional amount attrib-utable thereto. ‘‘(6) E
XTENSION OF LIMITATION ON COLLEC -
TION.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any limitation on the time period for the collection of a liability deferred under this sub-section shall not be treated as beginning before the date of the triggering event with respect to such liability. ‘‘(7) ANNUAL REPORTING OF NET TAX LIABIL -
ITY.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any shareholder of an S corporation which makes an election under paragraph (1) shall report the amount of such shareholder’s deferred net tax liability on such shareholder’s return of tax for the taxable year for which such election is made and on the re-turn of tax for each taxable year thereafter until such amount has been fully assessed on such returns. ‘‘(B) D
EFERRED NET TAX LIABILITY .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘deferred net tax liability’ means, with respect to any taxable year, the amount of net tax liability payment of which has been deferred under paragraph (1) and which has not been assessed on a return of tax for any prior taxable year. ‘‘(C) F
AILURE TO REPORT .—In the case of any failure to report any amount required to be re-ported under subparagraph (A) with respect to any taxable year before the due date for the re-turn of tax for such taxable year, there shall be assessed on such return as an addition to tax 5 percent of such amount. ‘‘(8) E
LECTION .—Any election under para-graph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall be made by the shareholder of the S corporation not later than the due date for such shareholder’s return of tax for the taxable year which includes the close of the taxable year of such S corporation in which the amount described in subsection (a) is taken into ac-count, and ‘‘(B) shall be made in such manner as the Sec-retary may provide. ‘‘(j) R
EPORTING BY S CORPORATION .—Each S corporation which is a United States share-holder of a deferred foreign income corporation shall report in its return of tax under section 6037(a) the amount includible in its gross income for such taxable year by reason of this section and the amount of the deduction allowable by subsection (c). Any copy provided to a share-holder under section 6037(b) shall include a statement of such shareholder’s pro rata share of such amounts. ‘‘(k) I
NCLUSION OF DEFERRED FOREIGN IN-
COME UNDER THISSECTION NOT TO TRIGGER RE-
CAPTURE OF OVERALL FOREIGN LOSS, ETC.—For purposes of sections 904(f)(1) and 907(c)(4), in the case of a United States shareholder of a de-ferred foreign income corporation, such United States shareholder’s taxable income from sources without the United States and combined foreign oil and gas income shall be determined without regard to this section. ‘‘(l) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may pre-scribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 965 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 965. Treatment of deferred foreign income upon transition to participation exemption system of taxation.’’. Subtitle B—Modifications Related to Foreign Tax Credit System 
SEC. 4101. REPEAL OF SECTION 902 INDIRECT FOREIGN TAX CREDITS; DETERMINA-TION OF SECTION 960 CREDIT ON CURRENT YEAR BASIS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SECTION 902 I NDIRECT FOREIGN  T
AXCREDITS .—Subpart A of part III of sub-chapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 902. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF SECTION 960 C REDIT ON  C
URRENT YEARBASIS.—Section 960 is amended— (1) by striking subsection (c), by redesignating subsection (b) as subsection (c), by striking all that precedes subsection (c) (as so redesignated) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 960. DEEMED PAID CREDIT FOR SUBPART F INCLUSIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-part, if there is included in the gross income of a domestic corporation any item of income under section 951(a)(1) with respect to any con-trolled foreign corporation with respect to which such domestic corporation is a United States shareholder, such domestic corporation shall be deemed to have paid so much of such foreign corporation’s foreign income taxes as are prop-erly attributable to such item of income. ‘‘(b) SPECIAL RULES FOR DISTRIBUTIONS FROM P
REVIOUSLY TAXED EARNINGS AND PROFITS .— For purposes of this subpart— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If any portion of a distribu-tion from a controlled foreign corporation to a domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder with respect to such controlled for-eign corporation is excluded from gross income under section 959(a), such domestic corporation shall be deemed to have paid so much of such foreign corporation’s foreign income taxes as— ‘‘(A) are properly attributable to such portion, and ‘‘(B) have not been deemed to have to been paid by such domestic corporation under this section for the taxable year or any prior taxable year. ‘‘(2) T
IERED CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORA -
TIONS .—If section 959(b) applies to any portion of a distribution from a controlled foreign cor-poration to another controlled foreign corpora-tion, such controlled foreign corporation shall be deemed to have paid so much of such other controlled foreign corporation’s foreign income taxes as— ‘‘(A) are properly attributable to such portion, and ‘‘(B) have not been deemed to have been paid by a domestic corporation under this section for the taxable year or any prior taxable year.’’, (2) and by adding after subsection (c) (as so redesignated) the following new subsections: ‘‘(d) F
OREIGN INCOME TAXES.—The term ‘for-eign income taxes’ means any income, war prof-its, or excess profits taxes paid or accrued to any foreign country or possession of the United States. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may pre-scribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 78 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 78. GROSS UP FOR DEEMED PAID FOREIGN TAX CREDIT. 
‘‘If a domestic corporation chooses to have the benefits of subpart A of part III of subchapter N (relating to foreign tax credit) for any taxable year, an amount equal to the taxes deemed to be paid by such corporation under subsections (a) and (b) of section 960 for such taxable year shall be treated for purposes of this title (other than sections 959, 960, and 961) as an item of income required to be included in the gross income of such domestic corporation under section 951(a) for such taxable year.’’. (2) Section 245(a)(10)(C) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘sections 902, 907, and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 907 and 960’’. (3) Sections 535(b)(1) and 545(b)(1) are each amended by striking ‘‘section 902(a) or 960(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (4) Section 814(f)(1) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (B), and (B) by striking all that precedes ‘‘No income’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) T
REATMENT OF FOREIGN TAXES .—’’. (5) Section 865(h)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 902, 907, and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tions 907 and 960’’. (6) Section 901(a) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tions 902 and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (7) Section 901(e)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘but is not limited to—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘that portion’’ and inserting ‘‘but is not limited to, that portion’’. (8) Section 901(f) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tions 902 and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (9) Section 901(j)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9339 November 15, 2017 
(10) Section 901(j)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 902 and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (11) Section 901(k)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 853, 902, or 960’’ and inserting ‘‘section 853 or 960’’. (12) Section 901(k)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. (13) Section 901(m)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘relevant foreign assets—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘relevant foreign assets shall not be taken into account in determining the credit allowed under subsection (a).’’. (14) Section 904(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 902, 907, and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tions 907 and 960’’. (15) Section 904(d)(6)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘sections 902, 907, and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 907 and 960’’. (16) Section 904(h)(10)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘sections 902, 907, and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 907 and 960’’. (17) Section 904 is amended by striking sub-section (k). (18) Section 905(c)(1) is amended by striking the last sentence. (19) Section 905(c)(2)(B)(i) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) shall be taken into account for the tax-able year to which such taxes relate, and’’. (20) Section 906(a) is amended by striking ‘‘(or deemed, under section 902, paid or accrued dur-ing the taxable year)’’. (21) Section 906(b) is amended by striking paragraphs (4) and (5). (22) Section 907(b)(2)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘902 or’’. (23) Section 907(c)(3) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (A) and redesig-nating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subpara-graphs (A) and (B), respectively, and (B) by striking ‘‘section 960(a)’’ in subpara-graph (A) (as so redesignated) and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (24) Section 907(c)(5) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. (25) Section 907(f)(2)(B)(i) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘902 or’’. (26) Section 908(a) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. (27) Section 909(b) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 902 corporation’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1) and insert-ing ‘‘10/50 corporation’’, (B) by striking ‘‘902 or’’ in paragraph (1), (C) by striking ‘‘by such section 902 corpora-tion’’ and all that follows in the matter fol-lowing paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘by such 10/ 50 corporation or a domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder with respect to such 10/50 corporation.’’, and (D) by striking ‘‘S
ECTION 902 C ORPORATIONS ’’ in the heading thereof and inserting ‘‘10/50 C
OR-
PORATIONS ’’. (28) Section 909(d)(5) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) 10/50 
CORPORATION .—The term ‘10/50 cor-poration’ means any foreign corporation with respect to which one or more domestic corpora-tions is a United States shareholder.’’. (29) Section 958(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘960(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘960’’. (30) Section 959(d) is amended by striking ‘‘Except as provided in section 960(a)(3), any’’ and inserting ‘‘Any’’. (31) Section 959(e) is amended by striking ‘‘section 960(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960(c)’’. (32) Section 1291(g)(2)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘any distribution—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘but only if’’ and inserting ‘‘any dis-tribution, any withholding tax imposed with re-spect to such distribution, but only if’’. (33) Section 6038(c)(1)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘sections 902 (relating to foreign tax credit for corporate stockholder in foreign corporation) and 960 (relating to special rules for foreign tax credit)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (34) Section 6038(c)(4) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). (35) The table of sections for subpart A of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 902. (36) The table of sections for subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 960 and in-serting the following: ‘‘Sec. 960. Deemed paid credit for subpart F in-clusions.’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 4102. SOURCE OF INCOME FROM SALES OF INVENTORY DETERMINED SOLELY ON BASIS OF PRODUCTION ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 863(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Gains, profits, and income from the sale or exchange of inven-tory property described in paragraph (2) shall be allocated and apportioned between sources within and without the United States solely on the basis of the production activities with re-spect to the property.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. Subtitle C—Modification of Subpart F Provisions 
SEC. 4201. REPEAL OF INCLUSION BASED ON WITHDRAWAL OF PREVIOUSLY EX-CLUDED SUBPART F INCOME FROM QUALIFIED INVESTMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart F of part III of sub-chapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 955. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1)(A) Section 951(a)(1)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) his pro rata share (determined under paragraph (2)) of the corporation’s subpart F income for such year, and’’. (B) Section 851(b)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)(i)’’ in the flush language at the end and inserting ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (C) Section 952(c)(1)(B)(i) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (D) Section 953(c)(1)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (2) Section 951(a) is amended by striking para-graph (3). (3) Section 953(d)(4)(B)(iv)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘or amounts referred to in clause (ii) or (iii) of section 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (4) Section 964(b) is amended by striking ‘‘, 955,’’. (5) Section 970 is amended by striking sub-section (b). (6) The table of sections for subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 955. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such tax-able years of foreign corporations end. 
SEC. 4202. REPEAL OF TREATMENT OF FOREIGN BASE COMPANY OIL RELATED IN-COME AS SUBPART F INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 954(a) is amended by striking paragraph (5), by striking the comma at the end of paragraph (3) and inserting a period, and by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (2). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 952(c)(1)(B)(iii) is amended by striking subclause (I) and by redesignating sub-clauses (II) through (V) as subclauses (I) through (IV), respectively. (2) Section 954(b)(4) is amended by striking the last sentence. (3) Section 954(b)(5) is amended by striking ‘‘the foreign base company services income, and the foreign base company oil related income’’ and inserting ‘‘and the foreign base company services income’’. (4) Section 954(b) is amended by striking para-graph (6). (5) Section 954 is amended by striking sub-section (g). (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such tax-able years of foreign corporations end. 
SEC. 4203. INFLATION ADJUSTMENT OF DE MINI-MIS EXCEPTION FOR FOREIGN BASE COMPANY INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 954(b)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-paragraph: ‘‘(D) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2017, the dollar amount in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(c)(2)(A) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. Any increase determined under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest mul-tiple of $50,000.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such tax-able years of foreign corporations end. 
SEC. 4204. LOOK-THRU RULE FOR RELATED CON-TROLLED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS MADE PERMANENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (6) of section 954(c) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2019, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such tax-able years of foreign corporations end. 
SEC. 4205. MODIFICATION OF STOCK ATTRIBU-TION RULES FOR DETERMINING STA-TUS AS A CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 958(b) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (4), and (2) by striking ‘‘Paragraphs (1) and (4)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘Paragraph (1)’’. (b) A
PPLICATION OF CERTAIN REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Section 6038(e)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘except that—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘in applying subparagraph (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘except that in applying subpara-graph (C)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such tax-able years of foreign corporations end. 
SEC. 4206. ELIMINATION OF REQUIREMENT THAT CORPORATION MUST BE CON-TROLLED FOR 30 DAYS BEFORE SUB-PART F INCLUSIONS APPLY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 951(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘for an uninterrupted period of 30 days or more’’ and inserting ‘‘at any time’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders with or within which such taxable years of foreign corporations end. Subtitle D—Prevention of Base Erosion 
SEC. 4301. CURRENT YEAR INCLUSION BY UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS WITH FOR-EIGN HIGH RETURNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart F of part III of sub-chapter N of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 951 the following new section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9340 November 15, 2017 
‘‘SEC. 951A. FOREIGN HIGH RETURN AMOUNT IN-CLUDED IN GROSS INCOME OF UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each person who is a United States shareholder of any controlled for-eign corporation for any taxable year of such United States shareholder shall include in gross income for such taxable year 50 percent of such shareholder’s foreign high return amount for such taxable year. ‘‘(b) F
OREIGN HIGHRETURN AMOUNT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘foreign high re-turn amount’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder for any taxable year of such United States shareholder, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) such shareholder’s net CFC tested in-come for such taxable year, over ‘‘(B) the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the applicable percentage of the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata share of the qualified business asset investment of each con-trolled foreign corporation with respect to which such shareholder is a United States shareholder for such taxable year (determined for each tax-able year of each such controlled foreign cor-poration which ends in or with such taxable year of such United States shareholder), over ‘‘(ii) the amount of interest expense taken into account under subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii) in deter-mining the shareholder’s net CFC tested income for the taxable year. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—The term ‘ap-plicable percentage’ means, with respect to any taxable year, the Federal short-term rate (deter-mined under section 1274(d) for the month in which or with which such taxable year ends) plus 7 percentage points. ‘‘(c) N
ETCFC T ESTED INCOME .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘net CFC tested income’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder for any taxable year of such United States shareholder, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata share of the tested income of each con-trolled foreign corporation with respect to which such shareholder is a United States shareholder for such taxable year of such United States shareholder (determined for each taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation which ends in or with such taxable year of such United States shareholder), over ‘‘(B) the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata share of the tested loss of each controlled foreign corporation with respect to which such shareholder is a United States shareholder for such taxable year of such United States share-holder (determined for each taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation which ends in or with such taxable year of such United States shareholder). ‘‘(2) T
ESTED INCOME ; TESTED LOSS .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(A) T
ESTED INCOME .—The term ‘tested in-come’ means, with respect to any controlled for-eign corporation for any taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the gross income of such corporation de-termined without regard to— ‘‘(I) any item of income which is effectively connected with the conduct by such corporation of a trade or business within the United States if subject to tax under this chapter, ‘‘(II) any gross income taken into account in determining the subpart F income of such cor-poration, ‘‘(III) except as otherwise provided by the Sec-retary, any amount excluded from the foreign personal holding company income (as defined in section 954) of such corporation by reason of section 954(c)(6) but only to the extent that any deduction allowable for the payment or accrual of such amount does not result in a reduction in the foreign high return amount of any United States shareholder (determined without regard to this subclause), ‘‘(IV) any gross income excluded from the for-eign personal holding company income (as de-fined in section 954) of such corporation by rea-son of subsection (c)(2)(C), (h), or (i) of section 954, ‘‘(V) any gross income excluded from the in-surance income (as defined in section 953) of such corporation by reason of section 953(a)(2), ‘‘(VI) any gross income excluded from foreign base company income (as defined in section 954) or insurance income (as defined in section 953) of such corporation by reason of section 954(b)(4), ‘‘(VII) any dividend received from a related person (as defined in section 954(d)(3)), and ‘‘(VIII) any commodities gross income of such corporation, over ‘‘(ii) the deductions (including taxes) properly allocable to such gross income under rules simi-lar to the rules of section 954(b)(5) (or which would be so properly allocable if such corpora-tion had such gross income). ‘‘(B) TESTED LOSS .—The term ‘tested loss’ means, with respect to any controlled foreign corporation for any taxable year of such con-trolled foreign corporation, the excess (if any) of the amount described in subparagraph (A)(ii) over the amount described in subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS ASSET INVEST -
MENT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified busi-ness asset investment’ means, with respect to any controlled foreign corporation for any tax-able year of such controlled foreign corporation, the aggregate of the corporation’s adjusted bases (determined as of the close of such taxable year and after any adjustments with respect to such taxable year) in specified tangible prop-erty— ‘‘(A) used in a trade or business of the cor-poration, and ‘‘(B) of a type with respect to which a deduc-tion is allowable under section 168. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED TANGIBLE PROPERTY .—The term ‘specified tangible property’ means any tangible property to the extent such property is used in the production of tested income or tested loss. ‘‘(3) P
ARTNERSHIP PROPERTY .—For purposes of this subsection, if a controlled foreign corpora-tion holds an interest in a partnership at the close of such taxable year of the controlled for-eign corporation, such controlled foreign cor-poration shall take into account under para-graph (1) the controlled foreign corporation’s distributive share of the aggregate of the part-nership’s adjusted bases (determined as of such date in the hands of the partnership) in tangible property held by such partnership to the extent such property— ‘‘(A) is used in the trade or business of the partnership, ‘‘(B) is of a type with respect to which a de-duction is allowable under section 168, and ‘‘(C) is used in the production of tested income or tested loss (determined with respect to such controlled foreign corporation’s distributive share of income or loss with respect to such property). For purposes of this paragraph, the controlled foreign corporation’s distributive share of the adjusted basis of any property shall be the con-trolled foreign corporation’s distributive share of income and loss with respect to such prop-erty. ‘‘(4) D
ETERMINATION OF ADJUSTED BASIS .—For purposes of this subsection, the adjusted basis in any property shall be determined without regard to any provision of this title (or any other provi-sion of law) which is enacted after the date of the enactment of this section. ‘‘(5) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as the Sec-retary determines appropriate to prevent the avoidance of the purposes of this subsection, in-cluding regulations or other guidance which provide for the treatment of property if— ‘‘(A) such property is transferred, or held, temporarily, or ‘‘(B) the avoidance of the purposes of this paragraph is a factor in the transfer or holding of such property. ‘‘(e) COMMODITIES GROSS INCOME .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) C
OMMODITIES GROSS INCOME .—The term ‘commodities gross income’ means, with respect to any corporation— ‘‘(A) gross income of such corporation from the disposition of commodities which are pro-duced or extracted by such corporation (or a partnership in which such corporation is a part-ner), and ‘‘(B) gross income of such corporation from the disposition of property which gives rise to income described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) C
OMMODITY .—The term ‘commodity’ means any commodity described in section 475(e)(2)(A) or section 475(e)(2)(D) (determined without regard to clause (i) thereof and by sub-stituting ‘a commodity described in subpara-graph (A)’ for ‘such a commodity’ in clause (ii) thereof). ‘‘(f) T
AXABLE YEARS FOR WHICH PERSONS ARE T
REATED AS UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS OF  C
ONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A United States share-holder of a controlled foreign corporation shall be treated as a United States shareholder of such controlled foreign corporation for any tax-able year of such United States shareholder if— ‘‘(A) a taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation ends in or with such taxable year of such person, and ‘‘(B) such person owns (within the meaning of section 958(a)) stock in such controlled foreign corporation on the last day, in such taxable year of such foreign corporation, on which the foreign corporation is a controlled foreign cor-poration. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AS A CONTROLLED FOREIGN  
CORPORATION .—Except for purposes of para-graph (1)(B) and the application of section 951(a)(2) to this section pursuant to subsection (g), a foreign corporation shall be treated as a controlled foreign corporation for any taxable year of such foreign corporation if such foreign corporation is a controlled foreign corporation at any time during such taxable year. ‘‘(g) D
ETERMINATION OF PRORATASHARE .— For purposes of this section, pro rata shares shall be determined under the rules of section 951(a)(2) in the same manner as such section ap-plies to subpart F income. ‘‘(h) C
OORDINATION WITHSUBPART F.— ‘‘(1) T
REATMENT AS SUBPART F INCOME FOR  
CERTAIN PURPOSES .—Except as otherwise pro-vided by the Secretary any foreign high return amount included in gross income under sub-section (a) shall be treated in the same manner as an amount included under section 951(a)(1)(A) for purposes of applying sections 168(h)(2)(B), 535(b)(10), 851(b), 904(h)(1), 959, 961, 962, 993(a)(1)(E), 996(f)(1), 1248(b)(1), 1248(d)(1), 6501(e)(1)(C), 6654(d)(2)(D), and 6655(e)(4). ‘‘(2) E
NTIRE FOREIGN HIGH RETURN AMOUNT  
TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT FOR PURPOSES OF CERTAIN  
SECTIONS .—For purposes of applying paragraph (1) with respect to sections 168(h)(2)(B), 851(b), 959, 961, 962, 1248(b)(1), and 1248(d)(1), the for-eign high return amount included in gross in-come under subsection (a) shall be determined by substituting ‘100 percent’ for ‘50 percent’ in such subsection. ‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION OF FOREIGN HIGH RETURN  
AMOUNT TO CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORA -
TIONS .—For purposes of the sections referred to in paragraph (1), with respect to any controlled foreign corporation any pro rata amount from which is taken into account in determining the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9341 November 15, 2017 
foreign high return amount included in gross in-come of a United States shareholder under sub-section (a), the portion of such foreign high re-turn amount which is treated as being with re-spect to such controlled foreign corporation is— ‘‘(A) in the case of a controlled foreign cor-poration with tested loss, zero, and ‘‘(B) in the case of a controlled foreign cor-poration with tested income, the portion of such foreign high return amount which bears the same ratio to such foreign high return amount as— ‘‘(i) such United States shareholder’s pro rata amount of the tested income of such controlled foreign corporation, bears to ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount determined under subsection (c)(1)(A) with respect to such United States shareholder. ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH SUBPART F TO DENY  
DOUBLE BENEFIT OF LOSSES .—In the case of any United States shareholder of any controlled for-eign corporation, the amount included in gross income under section 951(a)(1)(A) shall be deter-mined by increasing the earnings and profits of such controlled foreign corporation (solely for purposes of determining such amount) by an amount that bears the same ratio (not greater than 1) to such shareholder’s pro rata share of the tested loss of such controlled foreign cor-poration as— ‘‘(A) the aggregate amount determined under subsection (c)(1)(A) with respect to such share-holder, bears to ‘‘(B) the aggregate amount determined under subsection (c)(1)(B) with respect to such share-holder.’’. (b) F
OREIGN TAXCREDIT .— (1) A
PPLICATION OF DEEMED PAID FOREIGN TAX  
CREDIT .—Section 960, as amended by the pre-ceding provisions of this Act, is amended by re-designating subsections (d) and (e) as sub-sections (e) and (f), respectively, and by insert-ing after subsection (c) the following new sub-section: ‘‘(d) D
EEMED PAIDCREDIT FOR TAXES PROP-
ERLY ATTRIBUTABLE TO TESTED INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-part, if any amount is includible in the gross in-come of a domestic corporation under section 951A, such domestic corporation shall be deemed to have paid foreign income taxes equal to 80 percent of— ‘‘(A) such domestic corporation’s foreign high return percentage, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the aggregate tested foreign income taxes paid or accrued by controlled foreign corpora-tions with respect to which such domestic cor-poration is a United States shareholder. ‘‘(2) F
OREIGN HIGH RETURN PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘foreign high return percentage’ means, with respect to any domestic corporation, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of— ‘‘(A) such corporation’s foreign high return amount (as defined in section 951A(b)), divided by ‘‘(B) the aggregate amount determined under section 951A(c)(1)(A) with respect to such cor-poration. ‘‘(3) T
ESTED FOREIGN INCOME TAXES .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘tested for-eign income taxes’ means, with respect to any domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder of a controlled foreign corporation, the foreign income taxes paid or accrued by such foreign corporation which are properly at-tributable to gross income described in section 951A(c)(2)(A)(i).’’. (2) A
PPLICATION OF FOREIGN TAX CREDIT LIMI -
TATION .— (A) S
EPARATE BASKET FOR FOREIGN HIGH RE -
TURN AMOUNT .—Section 904(d)(1) is amended by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively, and by inserting before subparagraph (B) (as so redes-ignated) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(A) any amount includible in gross income under section 951A,’’. (B) NO CARRYOVER OF EXCESS TAXES .—Section 904(c) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘This subsection shall not apply to taxes paid or accrued with respect to amounts described in subsection (d)(1)(A).’’ (3) G
ROSS UP FOR DEEMED PAID FOREIGN TAX  
CREDIT .—Section 78, as amended by the pre-ceding provisions of this Act, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘any taxable year, an amount’’ and inserting ‘‘any taxable year— ‘‘(1) an amount’’, and (B) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘, and ‘‘(2) an amount equal to the taxes deemed to be paid by such corporation under section 960(d) for such taxable year (determined by sub-stituting ‘100 percent’ for ‘80 percent’ in such section) shall be treated for purposes of this title (other than sections 959, 960, and 961) as an in-crease in the foreign high return amount of such domestic corporation under section 951A for such taxable year.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 170(b)(2)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘computed without regard to’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘computed— ‘‘(i) without regard to— ‘‘(I) this section, ‘‘(II) part VIII (except section 248), ‘‘(III) any net operating loss carryback to the taxable year under section 172, ‘‘(IV) any capital loss carryback to the tax-able year under section 1212(a)(1), and ‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘100 percent’ for ‘50 per-cent’ in section 951A(a).’’. (2) Section 246(b)(1) is amended by— (A) striking ‘‘and without regard to’’ and in-serting ‘‘without regard to’’, and (B) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘, and by substituting ‘100 percent’ for ‘50 percent’ in section 951A(a).’’. (3) Section 469(i)(3)(F) is amended by striking ‘‘determined without regard to’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘determined— ‘‘(i) without regard to— ‘‘(I) any amount includible in gross income under section 86, ‘‘(II) the amounts allowable as a deduction under section 219, and ‘‘(III) any passive activity loss or any loss al-lowable by reason of subsection (c)(7), and ‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘100 percent’ for ‘50 per-cent’ in section 951A(a).’’. (4) Section 856(c)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (H), by add-ing ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (I), and by inserting after subparagraph (I) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(J) amounts includible in gross income under section 951A(a);’’. (5) Section 856(c)(3)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘dividends or other distributions on, and gain’’ and inserting ‘‘dividends, other distributions on, amounts includible in gross income under sec-tion 951A(a) with respect to, and gain’’. (6) The table of sections for subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 951 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 951A. Foreign high return amount in-cluded in gross income of United States shareholders.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such tax-able years of foreign corporations end. 
SEC. 4302. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION OF INTER-EST BY DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS WHICH ARE MEMBERS OF AN INTER-NATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 163 is amended by redesignating subsection (n) as subsection (p) and by inserting after subsection (m) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(n) L
IMITATION ON DEDUCTION OF INTEREST  
BYDOMESTIC CORPORATIONS IN INTERNATIONAL  F
INANCIAL REPORTING GROUPS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In the case of any domestic corporation which is a member of any inter-national financial reporting group, the deduc-tion under this chapter for interest paid or ac-crued during the taxable year shall not exceed the sum of— ‘‘(A) the allowable percentage of 110 percent of the excess (if any) of — ‘‘(i) the amount of such interest so paid or ac-crued, over ‘‘(ii) the amount described in subparagraph (B), plus ‘‘(B) the amount of interest includible in gross income of such corporation for such taxable year. ‘‘(2) I
NTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING  
GROUP .— ‘‘(A) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘international financial reporting group’ means, with respect to any reporting year, any group of entities which— ‘‘(i) includes— ‘‘(I) at least one foreign corporation engaged in a trade or business within the United States, or ‘‘(II) at least one domestic corporation and one foreign corporation, ‘‘(ii) prepares consolidated financial state-ments with respect to such year, and ‘‘(iii) reports in such statements average an-nual gross receipts (determined in the aggregate with respect to all entities which are part of such group) for the 3-reporting-year period end-ing with such reporting year in excess of $100,000,000. ‘‘(B) R
ULES RELATING TO DETERMINATION OF  
AVERAGE GROSS RECEIPTS .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A)(iii), rules similar to the rules of section 448(c)(3) shall apply. ‘‘(3) A
LLOWABLE PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘allowable per-centage’ means, with respect to any domestic corporation for any taxable year, the ratio (ex-pressed as a percentage and not greater than 100 percent) of— ‘‘(i) such corporation’s allocable share of the international financial reporting group’s re-ported net interest expense for the reporting year of such group which ends in or with such taxable year of such corporation, over ‘‘(ii) such corporation’s reported net interest expense for such reporting year of such group. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTED NET INTEREST EXPENSE .—The term ‘reported net interest expense’ means— ‘‘(i) with respect to any international finan-cial reporting group for any reporting year, the excess of— ‘‘(I) the aggregate amount of interest expense reported in such group’s consolidated financial statements for such taxable year, over ‘‘(II) the aggregate amount of interest income reported in such group’s consolidated financial statements for such taxable year, and ‘‘(ii) with respect to any domestic corporation for any reporting year, the excess of— ‘‘(I) the amount of interest expense of such corporation reported in the books and records of the international financial reporting group which are used in preparing such group’s con-solidated financial statements for such taxable year, over ‘‘(II) the amount of interest income of such corporation reported in such books and records. ‘‘(C) A
LLOCABLE SHARE OF REPORTED NET IN -
TEREST EXPENSE .—With respect to any domestic corporation which is a member of any inter-national financial reporting group, such cor-poration’s allocable share of such group’s re-ported net interest expense for any reporting year is the portion of such expense which bears the same ratio to such expense as— ‘‘(i) the EBITDA of such corporation for such reporting year, bears to ‘‘(ii) the EBITDA of such group for such re-porting year. ‘‘(D) EBITDA.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9342 November 15, 2017 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘EBITDA’ means, with respect to any reporting year, earnings be-fore interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortiza-tion— ‘‘(I) as determined in the international finan-cial reporting group’s consolidated financial statements for such year, or ‘‘(II) for purposes of subparagraph (A)(i), as determined in the books and records of the international financial reporting group which are used in preparing such statements if not de-termined in such statements. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF DISREGARDED ENTITIES .— The EBITDA of any domestic corporation shall not fail to include the EBITDA of any entity which is disregarded for purposes of this chap-ter. ‘‘(iii) T
REATMENT OF INTRA -GROUP DISTRIBU -
TIONS .—The EBITDA of any domestic corpora-tion shall be determined without regard to any distribution received by such corporation from any other member of the international financial reporting group. ‘‘(E) S
PECIAL RULES FOR NON -POSITIVE  
EBITDA .— ‘‘(i) N
ON-POSITIVE GROUP EBITDA .—In the case of any international financial reporting group the EBITDA of which is zero or less, paragraph (1) shall not apply to any member of such group the EBITDA of which is above zero. ‘‘(ii) N
ON-POSITIVE ENTITY EBITDA .—In the case of any group member the EBITDA of which is zero or less, paragraph (1) shall be applied without regard to subparagraph (A) thereof. ‘‘(4) C
ONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT .— For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘con-solidated financial statement’ means any con-solidated financial statement described in para-graph (2)(A)(ii) if such statement is— ‘‘(A) a financial statement which is certified as being prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, international fi-nancial reporting standards, or any other com-parable method of accounting identified by the Secretary, and which is— ‘‘(i) a 10-K (or successor form), or annual statement to shareholders, required to be filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, ‘‘(ii) an audited financial statement which is used for— ‘‘(I) credit purposes, ‘‘(II) reporting to shareholders, partners, or other proprietors, or to beneficiaries, or ‘‘(III) any other substantial nontax purpose, but only if there is no statement described in clause (i), or ‘‘(iii) filed with any other Federal or State agency for nontax purposes, but only if there is no statement described in clause (i) or (ii), or ‘‘(B) a financial statement which— ‘‘(i) is used for a purpose described in sub-clause (I), (II), or (III) of subparagraph (A)(ii), or ‘‘(ii) filed with any regulatory or govern-mental body (whether domestic or foreign) speci-fied by the Secretary, but only if there is no statement described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(5) R
EPORTING YEAR .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘reporting year’ means, with respect to any international financial re-porting group, the year with respect to which the consolidated financial statements are pre-pared. ‘‘(6) A
PPLICATION TO CERTAIN ENTITIES .— ‘‘(A) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—Except as otherwise pro-vided by the Secretary in paragraph (7), this subsection shall apply to any partnership which is a member of any international financial re-porting group under rules similar to the rules of section 163(j)(3). ‘‘(B) F
OREIGN CORPORATIONS ENGAGED IN  
TRADE OR BUSINESS WITHIN THE UNITED  
STATES .—Except as otherwise provided by the Secretary in paragraph (8), any deduction for interest paid or accrued by a foreign corporation engaged in a trade or business within the United States shall be limited in a manner con-sistent with the principles of this subsection. ‘‘(C) CONSOLIDATED GROUPS .—For purposes of this subsection, the members of any group that file (or are required to file) a consolidated re-turn with respect to the tax imposed by chapter 1 for a taxable year shall be treated as a single corporation. ‘‘(7) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may issue such regulations or other guidance as are nec-essary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this subsection.’’. (b) C
ARRYFORWARD OF DISALLOWED INTER-
EST.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 163(o) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(o) C
ARRYFORWARD OF CERTAIN DISALLOWED  I
NTEREST .—The amount of any interest not al-lowed as a deduction for any taxable year by reason of subsection (j)(1) or (n)(1) (whichever imposes the lower limitation with respect to such taxable year) shall be treated as interest (and as business interest for purposes of subsection (j)(1)) paid or accrued in the succeeding taxable year. Interest paid or accrued in any taxable year (determined without regard to the pre-ceding sentence) shall not be carried past the 5th taxable year following such taxable year, determined by treating interest as allowed as a deduction on a first-in, first-out basis.’’. (2) T
REATMENT OF CARRYFORWARD OF DIS -
ALLOWED INTEREST IN CERTAIN CORPORATE AC -
QUISITIONS .—For rules related to the carryforward of disallowed interest in certain corporate acquisitions, see the amendments made by section 3301(c). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 4303. EXCISE TAX ON CERTAIN PAYMENTS FROM DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS TO RELATED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS; ELECTION TO TREAT SUCH PAY-MENTS AS EFFECTIVELY CON-NECTED INCOME. 
(a) E XCISE TAX ON CERTAIN AMOUNTS FROM D
OMESTIC CORPORATIONS TO FOREIGN AFFILI-
ATES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 36 is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘Subchapter E—Tax on Certain Amounts to Foreign Affiliates ‘‘Sec. 4491. Imposition of tax on certain amounts from domestic corpora-tions to foreign affiliates. 
‘‘SEC. 4491. IMPOSITION OF TAX ON CERTAIN AMOUNTS FROM DOMESTIC COR-PORATIONS TO FOREIGN AFFILI-ATES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is hereby imposed on each specified amount paid or incurred by a do-mestic corporation to a foreign corporation which is a member of the same international fi-nancial reporting group as such domestic cor-poration a tax equal to the highest rate of tax in effect under section 11 multiplied by such amount. ‘‘(b) B
YWHOM PAID.—The tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be paid by the domestic cor-poration described in such subsection. ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION FOR EFFECTIVELY CONNECTED  I
NCOME .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to so much of any specified amount as is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or busi-ness within the United States if such amount is subject to tax under chapter 1. In the case of any amount which is treated as effectively con-nected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States by reason of section 882(g), the preceding sentence shall apply to such amount only if the domestic corporation provides to the Secretary (at such time and in such form and manner as the Secretary may provide) a copy of the election made under sec-tion 882(g) by the foreign corporation referred to in subsection (a). ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES.—Terms used in this section that are also used in section 882(g) shall have the same meaning as when used in such section and rules similar to the rules of paragraphs (5) and (6) of such section shall apply for purposes of this section.’’. (2) DENIAL OF DEDUCTION FOR TAX IMPOSED .— Section 275(a) is amended by inserting after paragraph (6) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) Taxes imposed by section 4491.’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sub-chapters for chapter 36 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER E . TAX ON CERTAIN AMOUNTS TO  
FOREIGN AFFILIATES .’’. (b) E
LECTION TO TREAT CERTAIN PAYMENTS  F
ROM DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS TO RELATED  F
OREIGN CORPORATIONS AS EFFECTIVELY CON-
NECTED INCOME .—Section 882 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) E
LECTION TO TREAT CERTAIN PAYMENTS  F
ROM DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS TO RELATED  F
OREIGN CORPORATIONS AS EFFECTIVELY CON-
NECTED INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any specified amount paid or incurred by a domestic corpora-tion to a foreign corporation which is a member of the same international financial reporting group as such domestic corporation and which has elected to be subject to the provisions of this subsection— ‘‘(A) such amount shall be taken into account (other than for purposes of sections 245, 245A, and 881) in the taxable year of such foreign cor-poration during which such amount is paid or incurred as if— ‘‘(i) such foreign corporation were engaged in a trade or business within the United States, ‘‘(ii) such foreign corporation had a perma-nent establishment in the United States during the taxable year, and ‘‘(iii) such payment were effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States and were attributable to such permanent establishment, ‘‘(B) for purposes of subsection (c)(1)(A), no deduction shall be allowed with respect to such amount and such subsection shall be applied without regard to such amount, and ‘‘(C) the foreign corporation shall be allowed a deduction (for the taxable year referred to in subparagraph (A)) equal to the deemed expenses with respect to such amount. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED AMOUNT .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified amount’ means any amount which is, with re-spect to the payor, allowable as a deduction or includible in costs of goods sold, inventory, or the basis of a depreciable or amortizable asset. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—The term ‘specified amount’ shall not include— ‘‘(i) interest, ‘‘(ii) any amount paid or incurred for the ac-quisition of any security described in section 475(c)(2) (determined without regard to the last sentence thereof) or any commodity described in section 475(e)(2), ‘‘(iii) except as provided in subparagraph (C), any amount with respect to which tax is im-posed under section 881(a), and ‘‘(iv) in the case of a payor which has elected to use a services cost method for purposes of sec-tion 482, any amount paid or incurred for serv-ices if such amount is the total services cost with no markup. ‘‘(C) A
MOUNTS NOT TREATED AS EFFECTIVELY  
CONNECTED TO EXTENT OF GROSS -BASIS TAX .— Subparagraph (B)(iii) shall only apply to so much of any specified amount as bears the pro-portion to such amount as— ‘‘(i) the rate of tax imposed under section 881(a) with respect to such amount, bears to ‘‘(ii) 30 percent. ‘‘(3) D
EEMED EXPENSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The deemed expenses with respect to any specified amount received by a foreign corporation during any reporting year is the amount of expenses such that the net income 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9343 November 15, 2017 
ratio of such foreign corporation with respect to such amount (taking into account only such specified amount and such deemed expenses) is equal to the net income ratio of the inter-national financial reporting group determined for such reporting year with respect to the prod-uct line to which the specified amount relates. ‘‘(B) N
ET INCOME RATIO .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘net income ratio’ means the ratio of— ‘‘(i) net income determined without regard to interest income, interest expense, and income taxes, divided by ‘‘(ii) revenues. ‘‘(C) M
ETHOD OF DETERMINATION .—Amounts described in subparagraph (B) shall be deter-mined with respect to the international finan-cial reporting group on the basis of the consoli-dated financial statements referred to in para-graph (4)(A)(i) and the books and records of the members of the international financial reporting group which are used in preparing such state-ments, taking into account only revenues and expenses of the members of such group (other than the members of such group which are (or are treated as) a domestic corporation for pur-poses of this subsection) derived from, or in-curred with respect to— ‘‘(i) persons who are not members of such group, and ‘‘(ii) members of such group which are (or are treated as) a domestic corporation for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(4) I
NTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING  
GROUP .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘international fi-nancial reporting group’ means any group of entities, with respect to any specified amount, if such amount is paid or incurred during a re-porting year of such group with respect to which— ‘‘(i) such group prepares consolidated finan-cial statements (within the meaning of section 163(n)(4)) with respect to such year, and ‘‘(ii) the average annual aggregate payment amount of such group for the 3-reporting-year period ending with such reporting year exceeds $100,000,000. ‘‘(B) A
NNUAL AGGREGATE PAYMENT AMOUNT .— The term ‘annual aggregate payment amount’ means, with respect to any reporting year of the group referred to in subparagraph (A)(i), the aggregate specified amounts to which paragraph (1) applies (or would apply if such group were an international financial reporting group). ‘‘(C) A
PPLICATION OF CERTAIN RULES .—Rules similar to the rules of subparagraphs (A), (B), and (D) of section 448(c)(3) shall apply for pur-poses of this paragraph. ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF PARTNERSHIPS .—Any spec- ified amount paid, incurred, or received by a partnership which is a member of any inter-national financial reporting group (and any amount treated as paid, incurred, or received by a partnership under this paragraph) shall be treated for purposes of this subsection as amounts paid, incurred, or received, respec-tively, by each partner of such partnership in an amount equal to such partner’s distributive share of the items of income, gain, deduction, or loss to which such amounts relate. ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS IN CONNECTION  
WITH UNITED STATES TRADE OR BUSINESS .—Any specified amount paid, incurred, or received by a foreign corporation in connection with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States (other than a trade or business it is deemed to conduct pursuant to this subsection) shall be treated for purposes of this subsection as an amount paid, incurred, or received, re-spectively, by a domestic corporation. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, a foreign cor-poration shall be deemed to pay, incur, and re-ceive amounts with respect to a trade or busi-ness it conducts within the United States (other than a trade or business it is deemed to conduct pursuant to this subsection) to the extent such foreign corporation would be treated as paying, incurring, or receiving such amounts from such trade or business if such trade or business were a domestic corporation. ‘‘(7) JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY OF MEM -
BERS OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL REPORTING  
GROUP .—In the case of any underpayment with respect to any taxable year of a foreign corpora-tion which is a member of an international fi-nancial accounting group, each domestic cor-poration which is a member of such group at any time during such taxable year shall be jointly and severally liable for— ‘‘(A) so much of such underpayment as does not exceed the excess (if any) of such under-payment over the amount of such underpayment determined without regard to this subsection, and ‘‘(B) any penalty, addition to tax, or addi-tional amount attributable to the amount de-scribed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(8) F
OREIGN TAX CREDIT ALLOWED .—The credit allowed under section 906(a) with respect to amounts taken into account in income under paragraph (1)(A) shall be limited to 80 percent of the amount of taxes paid or accrued and de-termined without regard to section 906(b)(1). ‘‘(9) E
LECTION .—Any election under para-graph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall be made at such time and in such form and manner as the Secretary may provide, and ‘‘(B) shall apply for the taxable year for which made and all subsequent taxable years unless revoked with the consent of the Sec-retary. ‘‘(10) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may issue such regulations or other guidance as are nec-essary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this subsection, including regulations or other guidance— ‘‘(A) to provide for the proper determination of product lines, and ‘‘(B) to prevent the avoidance of the purposes of this subsection through the use of conduit transactions or by other means.’’. (c) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— (1) R
EPORTING BY FOREIGN CORPORATION .— Section 6038C(b) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The information described in this subsection is— ‘‘(A) the information described in section 6038A(b), and ‘‘(B) such other information as the Secretary may prescribe by regulations relating to any item not directly connected with a transaction for which information is required under sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN PAYMENTS FROM RELATED DO -
MESTIC CORPORATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any report-ing corporation that receives during the taxable year any amount to which section 882(g)(1) ap-plies, the information described in this sub-section shall include, with respect to each mem-ber of the international financial reporting group from which any such amount is re-ceived— ‘‘(i) the name and taxpayer identification number of such member, ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amounts received from such member, ‘‘(iii) the product lines to which such amounts relate, the aggregate amounts relating to each such product line, and the net income ratio for each such product line (determined under sec-tion 882(g)(3)(B) with respect to the inter-national financial reporting group), and ‘‘(iv) a summary of any changes in financial accounting methods that affect the computation of any net income ratio described in clause (iii). ‘‘(B) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .—Terms used in this paragraph that are also used in sec-tion 882(g) shall have the same meaning as when used in such section and rules similar to the rules of paragraphs (5) and (6) of such sec-tion shall apply for purposes of this para-graph.’’. (2) REPORTING BY DOMESTIC GROUP MEM -
BERS.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subpart A of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended by in-serting after section 6038D the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6038E. INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN PAYMENTS FROM DOMES-TIC CORPORATIONS TO RELATED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any domestic corporation which pays or incurs any amount to which section 882(g)(1) applies, such person shall— ‘‘(1) make a return according to the forms and regulations prescribed the Secretary, setting forth the information described in subsection (b), and ‘‘(2) maintain (at the location, in the manner, and to the extent prescribed in regulations) such records as may be appropriate to determine li-ability for tax pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (7) of section 882(g). ‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—The informa-tion described in this subsection is— ‘‘(1) the name and taxpayer identification number of the common parent of the inter-national financial reporting group in which such domestic corporation is a member, and ‘‘(2) with respect to any person who receives an amount described in subsection (a) from such domestic corporation— ‘‘(A) the name and taxpayer identification number of such person, ‘‘(B) the aggregate amounts received by such person, ‘‘(C) the product lines to which such amounts relate, the aggregate amounts relating to each such product line, and the net income ratio for each such product line (determined under sec-tion 882(g)(3)(B) with respect to the inter-national financial reporting group), and ‘‘(D) a summary of any changes in financial accounting methods that affect the computation of any net income ratios described in subpara-graph (C). ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES.—Terms used in this paragraph that are also used in sec-tion 882(g) shall have the same meaning as when used in such section and rules similar to the rules of paragraphs (5) and (6) of such sec-tion shall apply for purposes of this para-graph.’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for subpart A of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6038D the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 6038E. Information with respect to certain payments from domestic corpora-tions to related foreign corpora-tions.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2018. Subtitle E—Provisions Related to Possessions of the United States 
SEC. 4401. EXTENSION OF DEDUCTION ALLOW-ABLE WITH RESPECT TO INCOME AT-TRIBUTABLE TO DOMESTIC PRODUC-TION ACTIVITIES IN PUERTO RICO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 199(d)(8)(C), prior to its repeal by this Act, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘first 11 taxable years’’ and in-serting ‘‘first 12 taxable years’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and insert-ing ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 4402. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY INCREASE IN LIMIT ON COVER OVER OF RUM EXCISE TAXES TO PUERTO RICO AND THE VIRGIN ISLANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7652(f)(1) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2023’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9344 November 15, 2017 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to distilled spirits brought into the United States after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 4403. EXTENSION OF AMERICAN SAMOA ECO-NOMIC DEVELOPMENT CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 119(d) of division A of the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2023’’, (2) by striking ‘‘first 11 taxable years’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘first 17 taxable years’’, and (3) by striking ‘‘first 5 taxable years’’ in para-graph (2) and inserting ‘‘first 11 taxable years’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN REFERENCES .— Section 119(e) of division A of the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006 is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘References in this subsection to section 199 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 shall be treated as references to such section as in effect before its repeal by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2016. Subtitle F—Other International Reforms 
SEC. 4501. RESTRICTION ON INSURANCE BUSI-NESS EXCEPTION TO PASSIVE FOR-EIGN INVESTMENT COMPANY RULES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1297(b)(2)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) derived in the active conduct of an in-surance business by a qualifying insurance cor-poration (as defined in subsection (f)),’’. (b) Q
UALIFYING INSURANCE CORPORATION DE-
FINED .—Section 1297 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) Q
UALIFYING INSURANCE CORPORATION .— For purposes of subsection (b)(2)(B)— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualifying insur-ance corporation’ means, with respect to any taxable year, a foreign corporation— ‘‘(A) which would be subject to tax under sub-chapter L if such corporation were a domestic corporation, and ‘‘(B) the applicable insurance liabilities of which constitute more than 25 percent of its total assets, determined on the basis of such li-abilities and assets as reported on the corpora-tion’s applicable financial statement for the last year ending with or within the taxable year. ‘‘(2) A
LTERNATIVE FACTS AND CIRCUMSTANCES  
TEST FOR CERTAIN CORPORATIONS .—If a corpora-tion fails to qualify as a qualified insurance cor-poration under paragraph (1) solely because the percentage determined under paragraph (1)(B) is 25 percent or less, a United States person that owns stock in such corporation may elect to treat such stock as stock of a qualifying insur-ance corporation if— ‘‘(A) the percentage so determined for the cor-poration is at least 10 percent, and ‘‘(B) under regulations provided by the Sec-retary, based on the applicable facts and cir-cumstances— ‘‘(i) the corporation is predominantly engaged in an insurance business, and ‘‘(ii) such failure is due solely to runoff-re-lated or rating-related circumstances involving such insurance business. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE INSURANCE LIABILITIES .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable insur-ance liabilities’ means, with respect to any life or property and casualty insurance business— ‘‘(i) loss and loss adjustment expenses, and ‘‘(ii) reserves (other than deficiency, contin-gency, or unearned premium reserves) for life and health insurance risks and life and health insurance claims with respect to contracts pro-viding coverage for mortality or morbidity risks. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF LIABIL -
ITIES.—Any amount determined under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) shall not exceed the lesser of such amount— ‘‘(i) as reported to the applicable insurance regulatory body in the applicable financial statement described in paragraph (4)(A) (or, if less, the amount required by applicable law or regulation), or ‘‘(ii) as determined under regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) OTHER DEFINITIONS AND RULES .—For pur- poses of this subsection— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICABLE FINANCIAL STATEMENT .—The term ‘applicable financial statement’ means a statement for financial reporting purposes which— ‘‘(i) is made on the basis of generally accepted accounting principles, ‘‘(ii) is made on the basis of international fi-nancial reporting standards, but only if there is no statement that meets the requirement of clause (i), or ‘‘(iii) except as otherwise provided by the Sec-retary in regulations, is the annual statement which is required to be filed with the applicable insurance regulatory body, but only if there is no statement which meets the requirements of clause (i) or (ii). ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABLE INSURANCE REGULATORY  
BODY .—The term ‘applicable insurance regu-latory body’ means, with respect to any insur-ance business, the entity established by law to license, authorize, or regulate such business and to which the statement described in subpara-graph (A) is provided.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. TITLE V—EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS Subtitle A—Unrelated Business Income Tax 
SEC. 5001. CLARIFICATION OF UNRELATED BUSI-NESS INCOME TAX TREATMENT OF ENTITIES TREATED AS EXEMPT FROM TAXATION UNDER SECTION 501(a). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 511 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) O
RGANIZATIONS AND TRUSTS EXEMPT  F
ROM TAXATION NOTSOLELY BY REASON OF  S
ECTION 501(a).—For purposes of subsections (a)(2) and (b)(2), an organization or trust shall not fail to be treated as exempt from taxation under this subtitle by reason of section 501(a) solely because such organization is also so ex-empt, or excludes amounts from gross income, by reason of any other provision of this title.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 5002. EXCLUSION OF RESEARCH INCOME LIMITED TO PUBLICLY AVAILABLE RESEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 512(b)(9) is amended by striking ‘‘from research’’ and inserting ‘‘from such research’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. Subtitle B—Excise Taxes 
SEC. 5101. SIMPLIFICATION OF EXCISE TAX ON PRIVATE FOUNDATION INVESTMENT INCOME. 
(a) R ATE REDUCTION .—Section 4940(a) is amended by striking ‘‘2 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘1.4 percent’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF SPECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN  P
RIVATE FOUNDATIONS .—Section 4940 is amend-ed by striking subsection (e). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 5102. PRIVATE OPERATING FOUNDATION RE-QUIREMENTS RELATING TO OPER-ATION OF ART MUSEUM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4942(j) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(6) O
RGANIZATION OPERATING ART MUSEUM .— For purposes of this section, the term ‘operating foundation’ shall not include an organization which operates an art museum as a substantial activity unless such museum is open during nor-mal business hours to the public for at least 1,000 hours during the taxable year.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 5103. EXCISE TAX BASED ON INVESTMENT INCOME OF PRIVATE COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘Subchapter H—Excise Tax Based on Invest-ment Income of Private Colleges and Uni-versities ‘‘Sec. 4969. Excise tax based on investment in-come of private colleges and uni-versities. 
‘‘SEC. 4969. EXCISE TAX BASED ON INVESTMENT INCOME OF PRIVATE COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES. 
‘‘(a) T AXIMPOSED .—There is hereby imposed on each applicable educational institution for the taxable year a tax equal to 1.4 percent of the net investment income of such institution for the taxable year. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICABLE EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION .— For purposes of this subchapter— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable edu-cational institution’ means an eligible edu-cational institution (as defined in section 25A(e)(3))— ‘‘(A) which has at least 500 students during the preceding taxable year, ‘‘(B) which is not described in the first sen-tence of section 511(a)(2)(B), and ‘‘(C) the aggregate fair market value of the as-sets of which at the end of the preceding taxable year (other than those assets which are used di-rectly in carrying out the institution’s exempt purpose) is at least $250,000 per student of the institution. ‘‘(2) S
TUDENTS .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the number of students of an institution shall be based on the daily average number of full-time students attending such institution (with part-time students taken into account on a full-time student equivalent basis). ‘‘(c) N
ETINVESTMENT INCOME .—For purposes of this section, net investment income shall be determined under rules similar to the rules of section 4940(c). ‘‘(d) A
SSETS AND NETINVESTMENT INCOME OF  R
ELATED ORGANIZATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subsections (b)(1)(C) and (c), the assets and net investment income of any related organization shall be treated as the assets and net investment income of the eligible educational institution. ‘‘(2) R
ELATED ORGANIZATION .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘related organization’ means, with respect to an eligible educational institution, any organization which— ‘‘(A) controls, or is controlled by, such institu-tion, ‘‘(B) is controlled by one or more persons that control such institution, or ‘‘(C) is a supported organization (as defined in section 509(f)(3)), or an organization de-scribed in section 509(a)(3), during the taxable year with respect to such institution.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sub-chapters for chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER H —EXCISE TAX BASED ON INVEST -
MENT INCOME OF PRIVATE COLLEGES AND UNI -
VERSITIES ’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 5104. EXCEPTION FROM PRIVATE FOUNDA-TION EXCESS BUSINESS HOLDING TAX FOR INDEPENDENTLY-OPER-ATED PHILANTHROPIC BUSINESS HOLDINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4943 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9345 November 15, 2017 
‘‘(g) E XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN HOLDINGS LIM-
ITED TO INDEPENDENTLY -OPERATED PHILAN -
THROPIC BUSINESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to the holdings of a private foundation in any business enterprise which for the taxable year meets— ‘‘(A) the ownership requirements of paragraph (2), ‘‘(B) the all profits to charity distribution re-quirement of paragraph (3), and ‘‘(C) the independent operation requirements of paragraph (4). ‘‘(2) O
WNERSHIP .—The ownership require-ments of this paragraph are met if— ‘‘(A) 100 percent of the voting stock in the business enterprise is held by the private foun-dation at all times during the taxable year, and ‘‘(B) all the private foundation’s ownership interests in the business enterprise were ac-quired not by purchase. ‘‘(3) A
LL PROFITS TO CHARITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The all profits to charity distribution requirement of this paragraph is met if the business enterprise, not later than 120 days after the close of the taxable year, distrib-utes an amount equal to its net operating in-come for such taxable year to the private foun-dation. ‘‘(B) N
ET OPERATING INCOME .—For purposes of this paragraph, the net operating income of any business enterprise for any taxable year is an amount equal to the gross income of the busi-ness enterprise for the taxable year, reduced by the sum of— ‘‘(i) the deductions allowed by chapter 1 for the taxable year which are directly connected with the production of such income, ‘‘(ii) the tax imposed by chapter 1 on the busi-ness enterprise for the taxable year, and ‘‘(iii) an amount for a reasonable reserve for working capital and other business needs of the business enterprise. ‘‘(4) I
NDEPENDENT OPERATION .—The inde-pendent operation requirements of this para-graph are met if, at all times during the taxable year— ‘‘(A) no substantial contributor (as defined in section 4958(c)(3)(C)) to the private foundation, or family member of such a contributor (deter-mined under section 4958(f)(4)) is a director, of-ficer, trustee, manager, employee, or contractor of the business enterprise (or an individual hav-ing powers or responsibilities similar to any of the foregoing), ‘‘(B) at least a majority of the board of direc-tors of the private foundation are not— ‘‘(i) also directors or officers of the business enterprise, or ‘‘(ii) members of the family (determined under section 4958(f)(4)) of a substantial contributor (as defined in section 4958(c)(3)(C)) to the pri-vate foundation, and ‘‘(C) there is no loan outstanding from the business enterprise to a substantial contributor (as so defined) to the private foundation or a family member of such contributor (as so deter-mined). ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN DEEMED PRIVATE FOUNDATIONS  
EXCLUDED .—This subsection shall not apply to— ‘‘(A) any fund or organization treated as a private foundation for purposes of this section by reason of subsection (e) or (f), ‘‘(B) any trust described in section 4947(a)(1) (relating to charitable trusts), and ‘‘(C) any trust described in section 4947(a)(2) (relating to split-interest trusts).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. Subtitle C—Requirements for Organizations Exempt From Tax 
SEC. 5201. 501(c)(3) ORGANIZATIONS PERMITTED TO MAKE STATEMENTS RELATING TO POLITICAL CAMPAIGN IN ORDINARY COURSE OF ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 501 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(s) SPECIAL RULE RELATING TO POLITICAL  C
AMPAIGN STATEMENTS OF ORGANIZATIONS DE-
SCRIBED IN SUBSECTION (c)(3).— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subsection (c)(3) and sections 170(c)(2), 2055, 2106, 2522, and 4955, an organization shall not fail to be treated as organized and operated exclusively for a pur-pose described in subsection (c)(3), nor shall it be deemed to have participated in, or intervened in any political campaign on behalf of (or in op-position to) any candidate for public office, sole-ly because of the content of any statement which— ‘‘(A) is made in the ordinary course of the or-ganization’s regular and customary activities in carrying out its exempt purpose, and ‘‘(B) results in the organization incurring not more than de minimis incremental expenses. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2023.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 5202. ADDITIONAL REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS FOR DONOR ADVISED FUND SPONSORING ORGANIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6033(k) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (3), and by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) indicate the average amount of grants made from such funds during such taxable year (expressed as a percentage of the value of assets held in such funds at the beginning of such tax-able year), and ‘‘(5) indicate whether the organization has a policy with respect to donor advised funds (as so defined) for frequency and minimum level of dis-tributions. Such organization shall include with such re-turn a copy of any policy described in para-graph (5).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply for returns filed for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 4 hours, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) and the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. N
EAL) each will control 2 hours. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 1, the bill currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today the full House be-gins consideration of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, historic tax reform legislation that will revitalize our economy and provide lasting tax relief to Americans of all walks of life. Over 30 years have gone by since the last overhaul of our Nation’s tax sys-tem. In that time, our Tax Code has be-come one of the most complicated, un-fair, and uncompetitive in the world. Today it is impacting nearly every as-pect of Americans’ lives, and not for the better. The overwhelming complexity of to-day’s system forces American tax-payers to spend billions of hours and billions of dollars every year just filing their taxes. Trillions of dollars in carve-outs and loopholes give favor-itism to Washington special interests while hardworking Americans get nothing but frustration. With some of the highest tax rates in the world for our businesses, we are seeing good-paying American jobs and manufacturing plants move overseas one after the other. Today, with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we change all of this. With this bill, we have an opportunity to deliver the most transformational tax over-haul in a generation. But make no mis-take, this bill is not about us. It is not about Congress. This bill is about—for the first time in decades—providing the American people with a simple and fair tax system, so much so that nine out of ten Americans will be able to file using a simple postcard-style system. It is about finally rewarding hard work, growing jobs and paychecks, and allow-ing Americans to keep more of their hard-earned money to use on whatever is important to them. So if you are one of the millions of Americans who is sick of today’s Tax Code, you are going to see a remark-able difference. You will see the stand-ard deduction doubled, increasing to protect more of every paycheck from taxes. You will have a larger child tax credit, providing more support as you raise a family and care for your loved ones. More Americans will get help raising their kids. You will have peace of mind when it comes to life’s most important invest-ments because this bill preserves tax benefits to help you afford your home, to pay your property taxes, and put your kids through college. So if you are a typical middle-income family of four making $59,000 a year, you are going to get a tax cut of nearly $1,200. More than that, you are going to enjoy the benefits of a strong, healthy, and growing American economy. You are going to see more jobs on Main Street. With this bill, our small businesses will finally have low tax rates and a fair Tax Code that works with them as they grow and create jobs. You are going to see our larger businesses—our iconic American brands and our major manufacturers—win throughout the world and create new, good-paying jobs right here at home because, with this bill, we are going to have one of the most modern and one of the most com-petitive Tax Codes on the planet. That includes lowering our corporate rate from 35 to 20 percent, which beats many of our international competitors. Not only are you going to see jobs stop leaving the United States, you are going to see our Nation become a 21st 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.031 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9346 November 15, 2017 
century magnet for job creation and business investment. With the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the American people will see and help lead the way in launching a new era of Made in America innovation. In the end, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a striking al-ternative to the broken Tax Code we have today. It represents a bold path forward that will allow us as a country to break out of the slow-growth status quo once and for all. Mr. Speaker, the American people have waited years—decades—for a fair, simple, and competitive Tax Code. Right now, in this moment, we stand on the doorstep of delivering the most sweeping tax overhaul since President Reagan’s reforms in 1986. Like Presi-dent Reagan back then, President Trump is now putting his full support behind this effort. Let’s pass this historic bill and take another step forward in delivering bold, pro-growth, pro-family tax reform for Americans throughout this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted the chairman mentioned President Reagan. But he made it sound as though Presi-dent Reagan did tax reform on his own. Tax reform in 1986 was done in a bipar-tisan manner. I guess we just leave out Speaker O’Neill and we just leave out Chairman Rostenkowski and we just leave out Senator Bradley or Congress-man Gephardt. The reason that they are left out is because even though it was accomplished in 1986, it started in 1982 when Mr. Gephardt and Mr. Brad-ley introduced the first tax reform act. b1700 What happened in those intervening years? The Ways and Means Committee took testimony from 50 witnesses. They held 30 markups and an untold number of hearings. Contrast that with what we did in the Ways and Means Committee: not one witness, not one hearing, not one opportunity to hear from renowned economists, labor leaders, or individ-uals who would have great knowledge not just of what happened in 1986, but what could happen in this Chamber. In-stead, we are going forward with this ill-considered effort. This is a missed opportunity. This is a bad deal for millions of Americans in the middle class. The legislation puts the wealthy, the well-connected, and the strong, once again, at the top. Thirty-six million Americans are going to receive a tax increase. When they talk about tax simplifica-tion, take a look at the phase-ins and phase-outs of this measure. That is hardly simplification. It is greater complexity. Oh, by the way, the corporate rate is made permanent. The individual issues phase out after 5 years. Consider this: 13 million people will lose their health insurance based on what Republicans are doing in the United States Senate. They are going to lose their healthcare to pay for a tax cut for people at the very top. Let me just walk you through some of these provisions because I think that they deserve our attention and the magnifying glass of critical analysis. We are being asked tonight to borrow $2.3 trillion to pay for this tax cut. This is from people who regularly lec-ture the American electorate on the need for fiscal austerity and balanced budgets. When Barack Obama was President, the budget should be balanced. When Bill Clinton was President, the budget should be balanced. But in the inter-vening period of time, apparently, we don’t have to balance the budget. Also, $2.3 trillion is being added to the debt and deficits. We are wit-nessing what they are attempting to do because they are going to scale back the tax benefit for buying a new home by lowering the cap on mortgage inter-est deduction to $500,000. That is going to lower home values. H.R. 1 repeals the new markets tax credit. The historic tax credit that has transformed American cities is being eliminated. They beat up on the munic-ipal bond market. As a former mayor, I have some knowledge of the municipal bond mar-ket. They are getting rid of the private activity bonds. Years ago, I raised the cap so that we might do more interven-tion and innovation in terms of re-building our airports across the coun-try. Private activity bonds are a key for financing affordable housing. It is going to go by the wayside if they have their way. It is going to have a pro-found impact on the housing market. They eliminate several deductions and exclusions that help pay for college education, including a deduction for in-terest on student loans. Pay attention to this number. Stu-dent debt in America is at $1.3 trillion, and they are taking away the ability of students to deduct that interest on those loans. They also impose a new tax on uni-versities and colleges. They repeal the above-the-line deduc-tion for teachers’ out-of-pocket ex-penses. You know, those teachers who, in September, might be short some school supplies and they are good enough to pack the car up and bring it to school? We give them a $250 deduc-tion. They are going to take it away. They create a health tax, an Alz-heimer’s tax, by repealing the medical expense deduction. This change basi-cally scraps a family’s ability to re-ceive financial relief when dealing with serious medical conditions. Think of it this way: We celebrate annually the increases in life expect-ancy in America—80 for a male, 81 for a female. But if we are going to cele-brate that, we also have to acknowl-edge something else: more dementia and more Alzheimer’s as people grow older in America. So their decision is: Let’s take away the ability of individ-uals to deduct those expenses. They also want to write off a very important consideration for the middle class in their ability to deduct real property tax costs up to $10,000. Contrast this with what these tax cuts do for the wealthy. H.R. 1 repeals the estate tax, which is paid by a small number of families in America. They are going to repeal it. I guess the slogan becomes: We are rich, and we are not going to take it any-more. That is not a tax on Conrad Hil-ton; it is a tax on Paris Hilton. That is what we should be considering with the greater efforts on their side to further concentrate wealth. By the way, there is an issue I have worked on for decades here, success-fully, because 27 million middle class families no longer pay the alternative minimum tax. But guess what they are going to do? They are going to elimi-nate it for 4.5 million of the richest families in America. They are going to take away that payment. This is a missed opportunity, Mr. Speaker. This could have been done the way Chairman B
RADY indicated in 1986: hearings, markups, a genuine effort to find common ground on this. On our side, I have waited all these years to do this. Tonight and tomor-row, what you are witnessing is that they need a victory. That is what this is about. It is a victory in search of a policy. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds. Mr. Speaker, I will note that, in the district of my good friend from Massa-chusetts, the average family of four making $87,000 will see a tax cut of $2,032. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), chairman of the Tax Policy Sub-committee and a leader in the tax re-form effort. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, my friend from Massachusetts said this is a missed opportunity. This is no missed opportunity. What we are witnessing is the seizing of an opportunity. During the debate, our friends on the other side of the aisle, in 25 hours of markup last week, offered amendment after amendment after amendment. I think it was about 25 amendments. Do you know what every one of the amendments did, Mr. Speaker? It re-stored the status quo. It put something back in, put another thing back in, de-fended something else, and so forth. There was no comprehensive offer of an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute that would have been trans-formational. There is no exclusion here. We de-bated. We are now here, and for the first time since 1986, we are on the cusp of seizing an opportunity and having a transformational moment. Here is the transformation: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.091 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9347 November 15, 2017 
When the Tax Code was last amended 30 years ago—think about it—the inter-net didn’t exist as a commercial enter-prise. Yes, it has fully developed, and we have got a Tax Code that was built for yesterday. The global nature of supply chains were nowhere nearly as intricately interlinked, yet we have got a Tax Code that was built for yesterday. The shared economy—Airbnb, Uber, Lyft, all of those things—didn’t exist, yet we have got a Tax Code that was built for yesterday. Who does the status quo benefit, Mr. Speaker? It benefits the few. It benefits the privileged. It benefits the folks at the top of the economic scale of things. So what this is doing is proposing a very different approach. It says we are going to make the United States the most competitive jurisdiction in the world by giving business tax relief and welcoming back commercial enterprise and growth and prosperity and inge-nuity and investment—that does what? It creates paychecks and it expands op-portunities. Kids graduated from college shouldn’t have to grub around piecing together two jobs and living in their parents’ basement. How absurd. We can do much better. We are the biggest, best economy in the world, and it is time we acted like it. This is transformational. To lean back and away from this and say, oh, this Tax Code is a natural disaster; it is too big and too overwhelming and we can’t deal with it is nonsense. We fun-damentally reject that. We are going to be measured in the future, Mr. Speaker, by this moment. I thank Chairman B
RADY for his leader-ship in creating this crescendo, because now is the time to act. Let’s not defend the status quo. Let’s move forward, and let’s transform this economy. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I am for maintaining the status quo by allowing students to deduct their student inter-est loans. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, ev-eryone knows that the Republican tax scam gives massive tax cuts to million-aires and billionaires and corporations, and they do it, in part, by increasing healthcare costs for millions of Ameri-cans. Over 36 million middle class households will see a tax hike under this bill. Families with big medical bills will take the hardest hit. That is because Americans will no longer be able to de-duct major medical expenses such as cancer treatment or Alzheimer’s from their Federal income taxes. This is a middle class tax hike. Seven in ten households using the medical ex-pense deduction make under $75,000 a year. Repealing the deduction would especially hurt seniors who use it for long-term care expenses. The bill takes a second swipe at American seniors and people with dis-abilities. According to the Congres-sional Budget Office, by not paying for tax cuts for the wealthy, Republicans would trigger automatic cuts to Medi-care, slashing $25 billion from Medicare in 2018 alone. But the $25 billion cut to Medicare is just the beginning. The same Repub-lican budget that cleared the way for $1.5 trillion in tax cuts for the super-wealthy proposed cutting Medicare and Medicaid by, no coincidence, $1.5 tril-lion. Now, Senate Republicans want to pay for additional tax cuts by repealing a key part of the Affordable Care Act. This change would increase the number of uninsured Americans by 13 million and increase premiums by 10 percent. Middle class families, people with disabilities, and seniors struggling to afford healthcare should not foot the bill for billionaires to get a tax cut. I urge my colleagues to make the healthy choice for Americans and vote against the Republican tax scam. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ), chairman of the Trade Subcommittee and a champion for working families. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and for his leadership in bringing this tough piece of legislation. I mean tough in the sense that it has taken years to put this together and at least 40 hearings on the legislation that is presented today. Mr. Speaker, when I travel my dis-trict from the suburbs of Auburn, Washington, to the orchards of Chelan, I hear the same thing from middle-in-come, hardworking families, from the apple grower in Wenatchee, the tech entrepreneur in Issaquah, and the growing family in Maple Valley, Wash-ington: They want to keep more of their hard-earned money, plan for the future, and they want to have some certainty in their future. They want to care for those they love. They deserve a plan that gives them the opportunity at their first job or a better job. They deserve a chance to decide how they want to spend their money. It is their money. Why wouldn’t they deserve that chance? They want a Tax Code that is sim-pler, fairer, and that works for them. They want the same bright future for their children. This is a bill that is not just a tax bill, but it is a bill that reignites, in my opinion, the belief in the American Dream. In the Eighth District of Washington State, the median income family of four will receive a tax cut of $3,654. In Washington State, 21,875 new jobs will be created. This plan will change lives. It will energize our economy and get our econ-omy booming again. As we went through this process, I asked myself several questions over the last few years, to be honest with you. Here are the questions: Will this plan make the American economy boom again? Will this plan create jobs in Amer-ica? Will this plan increase paychecks? Will this plan put more money in the pockets of hardworking Americans? Will this plan make the Tax Code fairer and simpler? The answer I came to and I think that Americans will come to, Mr. Speaker, is a resounding ‘‘yes.’’ b1715 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, this bill phases out the deductions that benefit middle-income families. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEI -
DER). Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, we absolutely must reform our outdated and overly complex Tax Code, but the current bill this House is considering is not the way to do it. I have heard from constituents and local elected officials about how this plan will hurt them and their communities. Rather than lifting our economy and making our local communities strong-er, this bill before us is an unfair and fiscally reckless step backwards. My constituents are deeply concerned with the restrictions placed on the State and local tax, or SALT, deduction. This puts a real burden on the residents of States like Illinois. One in three Illinois taxpayers uses the SALT deduction. Let’s be clear. The SALT deduction is not a tax break for the very wealthy. It is used by the hardworking families we need to be helping with tax reform, not hurting. I am also profoundly concerned about what this reform means for our grow-ing debt. An additional $2.3 trillion in debt is irresponsible in the extreme, burdening our children and our grand-children with the consequences. Now, with the most recent Senate version, the GOP is taking aim at the Affordable Care Act, repealing the indi-vidual mandate without a workable re-placement to further reduce enroll-ment in the individual health insur-ance markets, making coverage more expensive for millions of Americans and their families. There are things we can do to im-prove the ACA. For example, delaying the looming taxes on medical devices and health insurance premiums has broad bipartisan support. We should be focused on solutions like these that im-prove, not dismantle, the ACA. Despite our willingness to work across the aisle, there was virtually no bipartisan engagement on the plan this House is rushing to vote on. It is not too late to change course. I urge my colleagues to take the time for full deliberation in a complete and bipartisan process. Together, we can produce real tax reform that is fiscally responsible, prioritizes the middle class, and grows our economy for the next generation. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.093 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9348 November 15, 2017 
Nebraska (Mr. S MITH), chairman of the Human Resources Subcommittee and a champion for agriculture. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Chairman B
RADY for the time and for his leadership as we con-tinue our efforts to pass this historic legislation. Mr. Speaker, after nearly 7 years of work in the Ways and Means Com-mittee and more than 31 years since our last true tax reform, many hear-ings along the way, it is time to pass historic comprehensive tax reform. Our current Tax Code is antiquated, as we know. It is complex, and it ignores many of the improvements and com-petitiveness, which have been adopted by every other major economy world-wide. The time for tax reform is now. Oth-ers have already outlined many of the highlights of this bill, but I think they warrant mentioning again. Simplified compliance and rates for individuals and families means more than 95 percent of Americans will be able to file their returns on a postcard. Lower rates for small businesses recog-nize the important role they play as job creators in our economy. A 20 per-cent top corporate tax rate and transitioning to a territorial system will ensure our businesses remain com-petitive with the rest of the world. In addition to lower rates, expanded expensing will further encourage entre-preneurs to invest in capital to grow their businesses, and full repeal of the death tax, including the continuation of step-up in basis, will ensure our Na-tion’s farmers, ranchers, and small manufacturers can continue creating opportunity for generations to come without the threat of double taxation. Our Tax Code shouldn’t reward busi-nesses and investors because they hired accountants and lawyers to help them avoid taxes, and the estate tax does ex-actly that right now. I think it is equally important to praise what the bill leaves alone in the Tax Code. With our impending entitlement crisis, we want Americans to save everything they can for retirement. This bill leaves those incentives intact. It also excludes a proposal, which had initially been included in the bill, to apply self-employment taxes to rental income. This could have had serious re-percussions for ag land rental, and I am glad it was dropped. And I particularly appreciate how this bill continues the deductibility of State and local taxes for businesses, including farmers and ranchers. U.S. producers have made great strides in increasing production on a per-acre basis, but land remains a pri-mary input as they work to feed the world. Ensuring the property tax on land and production remains deduct-ible as business cost is vital to their continued success. This is the moment to finally provide the tax relief Americans have been asking for and to make our country competitive again. I urge the passage of this progrowth bill. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, more than 100,000 Nebraska households making under $137,000 a year will see a tax in-crease under this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ), my good friend from Somer-ville, Massachusetts. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I am a former tax lawyer. My wife is a prac-ticing CPA. We have heard this before: simplification is going to help. It has never put a single accountant out of business, and it won’t do it now. It is another part of the big scam going on. Why? Sure, I will probably get a tax break out of this; some of my constitu-ents will. But what do we get in re-turn? We don’t get healthcare. We don’t get better roads. We don’t get better education. But we do provide a $5,000 to $10,000 debt for our children. We do tell our seniors: Too bad if you have a heart attack or cancer; no more medical deductions for you. We tell our current graduate students: Too bad, no deductions for you. And on and on and on. And by the way, we have a new provi-sion in here that I like to call the ‘‘Dy-nasty Protection Act.’’ Why? Because if you have a dynasty, if you are worth $30-, $40-, $50-, $100 million, your chil-dren get to keep it all. Not because they have done anything, but because they won the genetic lottery. Good for them. And then if they do get up off their butt and get a job, maybe start a hedge fund with all the money they inherited, they get another tax credit by not touching the special tax deals—you have the hedge fund managers. And if they earn a little extra money, they get to keep more of it because there is no alternative minimum tax left. I know that President Trump will particularly appreciate that provision because we all know—the only tax re-turn we have seen—the AMT cost him $31 million. So thank you from the rich. Now, I don’t have any problem with people being wealthy. I represent many of them. They don’t want this tax cut because they know it is bad for Amer-ica. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, as a final insult, the corporate tax you have encourages businesses to send jobs off-shore by not taxing profits made off-shore when they expand jobs, if they do. They will do it offshore, not here in America. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Massachusetts will gain 24,000 jobs; families will see a $3,000 increase in their paychecks. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AUL-
SEN), a key member of our committee and a leader in technology and em-ployee stock options. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, for the first time in a generation, middle-in-come and hardworking Americans are closer to a Tax Code that works for them rather than against them. It has been 31 long years since we last reformed our broken tax system, and, in that time, our Tax Code has be-come one of the most complicated, un-fair, and uncompetitive in the world. It has led to a stagnant economy and sluggish growth. American businesses of all sizes have some of the highest tax rates in the world, sending our jobs, our manufacturing, our research, and our headquarters overseas. And you know, the economic recov-ery hasn’t been all that great since the Great Recession—not that great for a lot of Americans. Half the population is living paycheck to paycheck. Many either have or are at risk of having a lower standard of living than their par-ents. Young people, like my daughter’s generation, will go backwards if this country is not fundamentally more competitive. And then seniors and those baby boomers preparing for re-tirement, who have a lifetime of sav-ings, are now at risk without a growing economy. The reforms in this bill today will help real people with tax cuts aimed to help middle-income families that want to save for the future and improve their own standard of living. The bill focuses on helping small businesses, Main Street Minnesota businesses with a simpler, clearer, and fairer Tax Code that is critical for job creation. It low-ers small business rates to 25 percent and even provides a 9 percent rate for the smallest Main Street startups. Modernizing the Tax Code is essen-tial to allowing American businesses of all sizes to compete around the world and bring those jobs home. We need to be able to sell where the customers are, and 95 percent of the world’s customers are outside the United States. The international reforms in this bill will incentivize businesses to bring their money home to invest in our commu-nities. And importantly, this bill includes bipartisan legislation that I authored, the Empowering Employees through Stock Ownership Act, which helps those entrepreneurs and startups at-tract and retain talent. Hardworking taxpayers, Mr. Speaker, deserve a Tax Code that is simpler, flatter, and fairer so that every American family and em-ployer can file their taxes without hav-ing to hire an Army of lawyers and ac-countants. Mr. Speaker, we have a choice. The choice is Americans. We can either truly grow the economy and put our-selves back on the path to real pros-perity, or we can continue the actual trend we have right now of weak eco-nomic growth, which only benefits the few and the privileged and will do noth-ing for regular folks when the next eco-nomic downturn hits. Tax reform for me is about one thing and one thing only. It is about restor-ing hope for a prosperous future for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.095 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9349 November 15, 2017 
ourselves, our parents, and, most im-portantly, our children. I want to thank the chairman for his guiding leadership through this effort. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, 40 percent of Mr. P
AULSEN ’s constituents claim the SALT deduction, a benefit of over $15,000. They are lucky to break even after this tax bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. K
IND), a valued member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, there are certain phrases that we have learned to grow to accept with great suspicion: The check is in the mail. It is not you; it is me. Don’t worry, I will respect you in the morning. I have had just a few drinks; I am fine with driving. And now we have to add to that: Don’t worry. Large tax cuts for the most wealthy will pay for themselves, and I am a fiscally conservative Repub-lican who cares about debt and deficits. The Joint Committee on Taxation has determined that, with interest pay-ments, this bill will add over $2.3 tril-lion, with a T, to our national debt over the next 10 years. That is why last week, in committee, I was offering an amendment that would expand the en-dangered species list to include fiscally conservative Republicans because your vote on this bill will make you extinct. And what is unfortunate is, unlike past tax cuts that weren’t paid for, we have run out of time. We no longer have the luxury of time to recover from a huge fiscal mistake, not with 70 million baby boomers beginning their massive retirement—10,000 a day join-ing Social Security and Medicare. Those programs and the solvency of Social Security and Medicare will be in jeopardy with another $2.3 trillion of debt over the next 10 years. And what is unfortunate, it didn’t have to be this way. There was bipar-tisan interest in simplifying the Code, making it more competitive, broad-ening the base, making it fair for work-ing families and small businesses and family farmers, but doing it in a fis-cally responsible way. Asking 34 million Americans to ac-cept a tax increase to pay for a 43 per-cent marginal rate reduction to the largest companies is hardly respon-sible, and it is hardly fair. I encourage my colleagues to let us take a different approach and reject this bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ), the chair of the Budget Committee who cleared the path for this progrowth tax reform. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his endless hours of work listening to everyday people, lis-tening to small businesses, listening to large businesses, listening to how what we put in this bill was going to affect the American people who, at the end of the day, are going to be the winners. So it has been more than three dec-ades since Congress has worked with the White House to modernize our Na-tion’s very confusing and complicated tax system. Just ask anybody who has filed their taxes on their own. But we are closer to changing that day with H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. And with this budget, with the budget passed in both Chambers and following last week’s productive mark-up in our House Ways and Means Com-mittee, tax relief is on the horizon. With this legislation, Republicans clearly recognize the need to do some-thing about our heavy tax burden weighing down the hardworking Ameri-cans and holding back job creators. We also recognize the need to bring simplicity to the Tax Code. In our tax reform plan, we will help low- and mid-dle-income Americans see more of their hard-earned paychecks by low-ering the tax rates and nearly doubling the standard deduction for individuals and married couples. b1730 For instance, for an average middle class family of four, that translates to a $1,200 tax cut. Now, I will tell you, that is real money. We also establish a new family credit that raises the child tax credit and in-troduces new credits for family mem-bers and other dependents. The Tax Code will also become less confusing, making it possible for most Americans to file their taxes on a sin-gle postcard. Our plan, rightly, provides tax relief for job creators, empowering entre-preneurs and small businesses to con-tinue opening, operating, and expand-ing on Main Street. For my home State of Tennessee, H.R. 1 will allow families to see an esti-mated $2,200 increase in wages. Again, that is real money. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentlewoman. Mrs. BLACK. According to the non-partisan Tax Foundation, this bill would also mean 20,000 new jobs for my State. This will provide a welcome jolt to our economy, which is badly needed following eight lackluster years under the Obama administration. Without question, enacting tax re-form is a challenge, but the benefits of seeing it through will be felt for gen-erations to come. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this legislation, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. We cannot miss this historic opportunity. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, over 350,000 Tennessee households making under $132,000 will see a tax increase with this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ), a leader on the Higher Edu-cation Subcommittee and well known nationally as a spokesperson on edu-cation issues. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. NEAL for his tireless leadership pointing out the trail of broken promises that are in this bill for middle class families, who will pay dearly with higher costs for healthcare, home ownership, and, in many cases, Federal taxes. I would like to zero in for a minute during National Apprenticeship Week on the broken promise that the bill represents to growing the U.S. econ-omy, which has a shortage of skilled workers. The obliteration of the stu-dent loan interest deduction, which will add $24 billion to the cost of higher education; the taxation of graduate students’ tuition waivers, 60 percent of which are concentrated in STEM cur-ricula; and the elimination of tax-free employer-funded tuition assistance, to enhance workplace skills, often using apprenticeship programs, moves this country in exactly the wrong direction to close the skills gap in our work-force, which we all know every Member in this body has heard about from em-ployers back home. Indeed, America’s CEOs told the President last February at a White House manufacturing summit: Jobs exist, skills don’t. In fact, the Trump’s Labor Depart-ment reported 6.1 million job openings in the month of September, a near record high. Sadly, this antigrowth tax bill robs American job seekers and employers of the tools to fill those jobs, ironically, during National Apprenticeship Week. Mr. Speaker, I urge the Members of this body to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
EEHAN ), one of the key members of our Tax Policy Sub-committee and a champion for working men and women. Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to take advantage of this historic opportunity that we have before us. As I travel across my district, I hear from families that are struggling to get ahead. I hear from families that can’t make ends meet most months. They don’t have a whole lot left over. In fact, 63 percent of American families don’t have $500 to handle an emer-gency. I hear from businesses that say they would love to be able to hire, ex-pand, or buy that new piece of equip-ment, but they just don’t have the cash to do it. Our Tax Code is taking too many dol-lars from Pennsylvania and sending it to Washington. It is sending good-pay-ing, middle class jobs overseas and it is holding our economy back, making it harder for so many to get ahead. This is our chance to change the sta-tus quo. We have an opportunity to jump-start our economy and let more hardworking families keep what they earn. We rewrite the Tax Code for Amer-ican job creators, taking away the in-centives to send jobs overseas and dol-lars offshore. Putting those dollars to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.096 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9350 November 15, 2017 
work will put more Americans to work as businesses expand and invest here at home—American tax cuts for American workers with American jobs. We give these small businesses a break—the mom-and-pop shops that employ Pennsylvanians. We give entre-preneurs, who have so much innovation and creativity, a wider cushion to take a risk. We are putting more money in the pockets of hardworking families. We are doubling the standard deduc-tion, which means that 94 percent of taxpayers won’t need to itemize at all. Let me say that again: 94 percent of taxpayers won’t even need to itemize at all. By expanding the child tax credit and creating a new $300 credit for parents and nondependent children, we put an additional $1,800 back in the pockets of every family of four. That is money that they can use as they see fit. We have streamlined the maze of edu-cation tax credits, and included in my bipartisan bill are apprenticeship pro-grams that can now be made afford-able. The taxpayers I hear from say they want to pay less in taxes, not more. If limiting some deductions and lowering your rates means your tax bill is lower at the end of the year, that is a good deal for taxpayers. We owe it to the hardworking, tax-paying families we represent to deliver that. I urge my colleagues to support the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, all of those projects in Philadelphia are about to come to an end with the abolition of the historic tax credit. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HER-
MAN), who, incidentally, is a CPA and a tax attorney. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, by 2027, roughly one-third of middle class fami-lies will be paying more in taxes, and that average family will be paying $1,300 more. The personal exemption, worth $4,150 per person in a family, that is $21,000 for a family of five, and they take it away. The moving expense deduction, if you have to move to keep your job, you don’t get to deduct that. But if you move a factory to China, you get to de-duct all of the moving expenses. The student loan debt, they won’t let you deduct it. As for the effect on simplicity, my CPA and tax law homeboys are going to be rolling in big dollars. Just from the provisions that define the dif-ference between personal service in-come, passive income, active business income, the litigation and planning op-portunities—talk about complexity—it is all there, and my homeboys love it. We currently deduct extraordinary medical expenses. That is important to those with disabilities and families with children with special needs. They wipe it out. The extraordinary casualty loss de-duction, they wipe out. That is very important to people who face floods and fires. They change the rules so that we don’t have adequate indexing for infla-tion, so everybody is pushed into a higher tax bracket by inflation, except those at the very top; they are pro-tected. But look at the effect on our Nation’s economy. This is a job-killing, deficit- exploding, growth-reducing disaster. Look at what happened to Kansas. These policies have already devastated one of our States. You are going to be taking $1.5 tril-lion out of the money available for business investment. The Federal Gov-ernment will come in and borrow all of that money, leaving less money for fac-tories, farms, and homes. As RONKINDpointed out, there is an extra $800 billion of interest on top of that just in the next 10 years. Keep in mind, this increase in our debt is for-ever. Your grandchildren will be paying taxes on this debt. Look at the chart. We had the poli-cies of Ronald Reagan from 1988—when his 1986 law became effective—through 1993, and we had 2.67 percent growth. In 1994, we got Clinton tax policies and we exploded to over 4 percent annual growth. Then with George W. Bush, we dropped to 1.7 percent growth. Then when we adopted Obama tax policies, which are in force today, we are back up to 2.2 percent economic growth. Which policies give you economic growth? Let’s look internationally. You can manufacture and pay zero percent on the profits you earn by a factory, but only if it is a foreign factory. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. SHERMAN. Finally, Mr. Zandi, one of the top economists in the coun-try, testified before our Financial Services Committee that this bill means double-digit declines in the value of homes in American metropoli-tan areas. What effect does that have on the economy? Who is going to go out and spend in the middle class when they are told that the equity in their home has been virtually wiped out? So you can vote against this bill be-cause it is unfair, or you can vote against this bill because it will be a crushing weight on our economy, but don’t engage in the fantasy that you can cut taxes and make it up through ‘‘economic growth.’’ Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, under tax reform, California will grow 111,000 new jobs, and paychecks will in-crease by nearly $3,000. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM), a champion of family-owned farms and businesses. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. We have worked hours—literally hun-dreds of hours—on this legislation, and I commend Chairman BRADY and the staff of the Ways and Means Com-mittee for all of their hard work. Mr. Speaker, we have gone through this bill line by line. I have personally fought for policies and ideas in this bill to make sure that it works for fami-lies, to make sure that it increases wages, and creates more opportunity for folks all across America. My goal in this was two-fold. Number one, I wanted to strengthen families. Number two, I wanted to create a stronger future for America. This tax reform package puts us well on our way to achieving these goals and achieving some remarkable wins for the American people. I say this because this plan simplifies the Tax Code. It simplifies it to the point that most people can file their taxes on a form the size of a postcard. It also gives significantly lower rates. It dramatically expands the child tax credit. It keeps the child care credit. It protects flexible spending benefits. These provisions for working families are important to me. My home State of South Dakota has the highest rate of working families in the Nation. The moms and dads in my State aren’t working just for fun. They are working to pay the bills to provide for their families. They need money to put food on the table and to put a roof over their kids’ heads. These provisions are going to help them pay their bills, take care of their kids, go to work, and maybe, just maybe, get a little extra money that they can take their kids off for a weekend and do something fun together. That is important. When these kids grow up, I want them to be able to find good, high-pay-ing jobs. So I fought hard to make sure that our farmers, our ranchers, and our small businesses could thrive under this new Tax Code. We got some pretty big wins for those folks. In this bill, we fully and permanently repeal the death tax—that un-Amer-ican, unfair double tax. We give people better expensing tools and we drive down the rate for small businesses. If we are going to make sure that our kids can thrive, we need to create op-portunities for them to make sure that they can do it right here in America, and this tax reform package lets hard-working job creators do that better. Mr. Speaker, I understand that no tax reform plan is going to be perfect in everybody’s eyes, but this proposal is a strong step forward. It reflects real, sustainable policy changes that are going to let people keep more money in their pockets. I have heard from many throughout this debate, who have spoken up against these tax cuts and these re-forms—people who trust the govern-ment with this money more than they trust the American people. Mr. Speaker, I fundamentally dis-agree. The American people deserve more control over their paychecks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.098 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9351 November 15, 2017 
They have worked hard to earn that money. They have taken time away from their families to earn that money. They ought to be the ones deciding how, where, and when to spend it. So for the purposes of strengthening families and offering folks a stronger future here in America, I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 1. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, 38,000 South Dakota households making less than $113,000 a year will see a tax increase under this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the highly regarded gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ), the son of Mas-sachusetts and my friend. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, you can put all the lip-stick you want on this pig, and it is still a pig. Let’s be honest, this isn’t tax reform. This is a cut on taxes for corporate America, the corporate friends and my friends on the other side of the aisle, and they had to squeeze all kinds of things in to justify it and pay for it. That is why the middle class is going to suffer. That is why their kids in col-lege are going to start losing their abil-ity to deduct interest on student loans, and they are going to pay taxes on waived tuition when they get a teach-ing assistant position or a benefit from the university. b1745 That is why your local municipalities are going to lose tax exemption for pri-vate activity bonds that fund tens of billions of dollars of public improve-ments all over the United States. That is why 8.8 million Americans are going to lose the ability to deduct medical costs. Good luck to families who have to put people in nursing homes for long-term care, patients suf-fering dementia. How will they work that financing out when they lose this deduction, and how will they feel when they know the reason they are losing this deduction is to finance a corporate tax rate? What about homeowners losing the ability to deduct mortgage interest or to have it capped artificially so cor-porate America can get the biggest tax cut in history? And, by the way, they get to con-tinue to deduct State and local taxes and other kinds of financial interest- related expenses, but not you, not you the middle class. It adds $1.5 trillion, and that is with dynamic scoring. Dynamic scoring is another way of saying: We kind of fudged the real number. It is more than that, at least $200 billion more than that. I thought my friends on the other side of the aisle were fiscal hawks dedi-cated to making sure we didn’t have deficits. This is an inconsistent bill. This is going to harm middle class America. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat this bill, and let’s start over in a bipartisan way. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman’s constituents in Vir-ginia’s District 11, with average house-hold earnings of $136,000, with two kids, will see a tax cut of $5,008. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to engage in a colloquy. Mr. Speaker, I want to first commend Chairman B
RADY and the Ways and Means Committee for their out-standing work on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which will provide tax relief to millions of hardworking families and businesses. I would like to address a small provi-sion in the bill that inadvertently im-pacts Berea College, a small private college in Berea, Kentucky, that is a member of the federally recognized Work Colleges Consortium. Work colleges, by definition, do not charge their students tuition, and they also require their students to hold jobs. For over 125 years, Berea College has fulfilled its mission of providing a tui-tion-free education to students with limited economic resources, primarily from Appalachia, and who are often first-generation college students. Berea pairs its strong academics with a stu-dent labor program, honoring the dig-nity and utility of all work. Berea could not fulfill its unique and special mission of providing free tui-tion to all students without a healthy endowment. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act includes a 1.4 percent excise tax on pri-vate college endowments over $500,000 per student. There are two federally recognized work colleges with endow-ments above this level, including Berea College in my district. I was pleased to learn that the Sen-ate version of the bill exempts schools with fewer than 500 tuition-paying stu-dents from the excise tax. This provi-sion would effectively exempt work colleges from the tax, because they do not charge tuition. I understand it was never the com-mittee’s intent for this legislation to negatively impact work colleges that use their endowments to provide tui-tion-free education. In fact, I under-stand the intended purpose of the ex-cise tax is to encourage colleges to use their endowments to keep college costs down. In this case, Berea College uses its endowments to defray 100 percent of the cost of tuition. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his willingness to work with me on a solution in conference, either acced-ing to the Senate position or another mutually accepted solution that ex-empts work colleges and allows them to continue their unique mission. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. BARR. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I wish to thank the gentleman from Ken-tucky for his leadership here. Mr. Speaker, we will work together for a mutually accepted solution to make sure we exempt work colleges to use their endowments to provide tui-tion-free education. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. LEE), a well-regarded cham-pion of middle-income people. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and also for his tremendous leadership on the Ways and Means Committee and for really telling the truth. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to this bill, H.R. 1, which really is a tax scam. Republicans are really try-ing to pull a fast one on the American people. This bill would steal from the hard- earned paychecks of millions of mid-dle-income families to line the pockets of billionaires and corporations. In fact, 80 percent of the tax breaks would go to the top 1 percent. It also elimi-nates student loan deductions and eradicates medical expense deductions. If this isn’t cruel enough, this bill makes it easier for corporations to ship jobs overseas, so people will actually lose their jobs. This tax plan does noth-ing to create better jobs or better wages or a better future for the middle class. It does just the opposite. In my home State of California, one in five middle-income families will see a tax hike next year. The State and local tax deduction would be particu-larly hard on my State, where 6.1 mil-lion households will see a tax increase. Public sector jobs, like firefighters, will lose their jobs, not to mention the vital services our most vulnerable will need. These will be cut. This bill really is a disgrace. Stealing from families who need help the most to give more to donors—millionaires and billionaires and corporations—this is really a new low. Thirty-six million middle-income households, working families, will pay more in taxes. We can’t forget, also, that this tax scam sets the stage, really, for a heart-less $1.5 trillion cut to Medicare and Medicaid, as we saw in the Republican budget. We need to reject this mean-spirited tax scam and vote ‘‘no’’ and then come back and look at how we can support middle-income families, working fami-lies, so everyone has a chance and an opportunity at the American Dream. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would note that the constituents in California’s 13th District, a median family of four earning $107,000 will see a tax cut of $2,589. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ). Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for this oppor-tunity to discuss the historic preserva-tion tax credits that historically have stimulated nearly $150 billion in pri-vate sector investment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.100 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9352 November 15, 2017 
As we have discussed over the last month, the tax credit is critically im-portant for economic development and revitalization, especially in small, rural areas of this country. Without the credit, projects that transform communities in all 50 States, from West Virginia to Texas, to Wisconsin, simply will not happen. Mr. Speaker, the chairman’s word means something to me, so I am asking for his commitment to continue work-ing with me to ensure that the Federal historic preservation tax credit is pre-served in the final tax reform package. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. M
CKINLEY. I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. M
CKINLEY for his passion about making sure our smaller commu-nities can revitalize and grow and about the role of the historic preserva-tion tax credit in doing that. I commit to working with him and continuing to work with him on this issue because I know the importance of it. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and I look forward to working with him as well. We have had a good working relationship over the years. I want to continue this proc-ess because I understand this process. I will be voting to continue the process in anticipation that it will be in the final bill. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Mas-sachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ), a valued mem-ber of our delegation. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I thank our ranking member for yielding and for all of his incredible work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, we were promised tax reform, but that is not what we are see-ing in this bill. In fact, you don’t have to dig far into this 429-page bill to see that it is a con, a cynical bait and switch for families at home. When this bill was released just 2 weeks ago, I started getting calls from families at home wanting to know how it would affect them. We dug into it, and I want to share just a few of those examples, but it didn’t take long to see why it was developed in secret and why it is being rushed to a vote. On page 254, Republicans propose get-ting rid of a program that helps vet-erans find work when they come home. 300,000 veterans have been helped by the work opportunity tax credit. The repeal of this provision to reduce taxes for the very wealthiest is a coldhearted way to say thank you for your service. On page 113, this tax scam sends a bill to 9 million households who have extremely high medical costs. Tax breaks for billionaires are expensive; we get that. Under this plan, Ameri-cans who live in nursing homes, have a sick child, high medical costs will foot the bill. On pages 95 and 97, students get added to the list of Americans who will be forced to pay for the GOP’s tax breaks for corporations. They will see increased debt and taxes. This bill says: Good luck, students. Building an economy that will not allow you to pay off the $1.3 trillion of existing student debt but, instead, will add $2.3 trillion in deficit, this bill was created for you. Just yesterday, the President’s chief economic strategist was surprised when the CEOs gathered admitted they would not be investing their tax cuts in jobs and wages. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GARRETT ). The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, he should not have been sur-prised. Corporations are already sitting on record amounts of cash while gen-erations of hardworking Americans have had to pay for tax experiments like this based on disproven economic theories. Let’s not repeat the mistakes of the past. Let’s reject this bill and work to-gether to create bipartisan tax reform that is fair and benefits all families. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, in the Fifth District of Massachusetts, a median household of four earning $143,000 will see a tax cut of $5,208. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED), one of our key leaders on tax reform on the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for all of his hard work in putting this bill together. Mr. Speaker, this bill has been in the process for over 7 years in regards to the time I spent on the committee. There have been multiple hearings on the issue of tax reform, well over 40- plus. There have been hours upon hours of debate. There were efforts done by our former chairman, Dave Camp. I know my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have recognized, during our com-mittee markup process, the hard work that Chairman Camp did with rewrit-ing the entire Code from the bottom up. These issues have been out there for the American people and for the people from across the country to look at, to digest. Now is the time to rise in sup-port of this legislation, Mr. Speaker, because what we have before you is a new Tax Code for the 21st century. Mr. Speaker, we have a Tax Code that is going to, for once in 31 years, put our corporations on the multi-national level across the world in a competitive position by lowering the rates and getting to a 21st century tax-ing program on a territorial basis. Most importantly, Mr. Speaker, we deliver tax relief. I know the folks on the other side aren’t going to agree with this because they are going to say this is a Tax Code for the rich, this is a Tax Code, tax reform for the rich and the almighty 1 percent. But, Mr. Speaker, I have done the math. I have looked at this bill inside and out, and it delivers a simplified Code where $1,600 is left in the pockets of my constituents in western New York. That is $1,600 that they earned that the government won’t have to take from them anymore; $1,600, Mr. Speaker, that will allow them, as sen-ior citizens, to go visit their grandkids in the South because New York State has driven them out of New York State with its high tax policies at the State capital. That is $1,600 that maybe they can go on a trip with their family and experience a little relaxation because of the hard work that generated those moneys and those dollars in their pock-ets. Mr. Speaker, these are the people whom we represent, the Perrys. Mr. and Mrs. Perry are hardworking people of western New York, and those are their two beautiful children. What this is going to allow them to do is get a little bit more of their money kept in their pocket so they can spend a little bit more time with their kids and enjoy the fruits of their labor. b1800 Mr. Speaker, I know my colleagues on the other side advocate because there is another issue with tax reform that I want to highlight real quick. The easy approach of government is to spend more money, develop more programs, and maybe give a little bit in regards to a government welfare check. But what this Tax Code and re-form does is deliver a job opportunity for these people, and I don’t know a better program in America that serves more people than an honest day’s work and an honest paycheck and an honest job, and that is what this Tax Code will do. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, correc-tion. Not one hearing was held on this tax bill. Thirty-eight thousand people in Mr. R
EED’s district will lose the stu-dent loan interest deduction. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
AP-
TUR), a real champion of the working class in America. Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts, Ranking Member R
ICH-
ARD NEAL, for his exceptional leader-ship in trying to fix this horrendous bill. Madam Speaker, the GOP-led tax and deficit disaster rewards the big cor-porations and billionaires. It will ac-celerate job outsourcing. Indeed, 50 percent of the tax benefits go to the top 1 percent. This tax scam locks in—get this—a $621,500 tax bonus to each billionaire in the billionaire class, the top one-tenth of 1 percent. Do you really think they need it? Meanwhile, this tax scam raids money from the pockets of 38 million middle class taxpayers, likely those caring for their sick relatives or trying to help their kids in college. Do you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.102 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9353 November 15, 2017 
really think the one-tenth of 1 percent need more? Money-trading Wall Street megabanks like Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan, already making billions, will get more tax bonuses courtesy of the middle class. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. C
HE-
NEY). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. NEAL. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. KAPTUR. This job outsourcing tax bill of the rich, by the rich, and for the rich, well, if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it must be a duck, and this duck belongs in a swamp, which voters may have thought they were draining in the last election. Well, folks, this bill makes the swamp wider and deeper, and the fat ducks will be even fatter and happier in it. I urge my colleagues to vote for the middle class, not the billionaire donor class. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Drain the swamp. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Madam Speak-er, I am proud the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act for that family of four in Ohio, in the Ninth District, a $64,000 household, will see a tax cut of $1,284. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
URNER ). Mr. TURNER. Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for working dili-gently to create the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that will give a tax break to the middle class. After speaking to both Speaker P
AUL R
YANand Ways and Means Committee member T
OMREED, I believe that an unintended consequence of this bill would hinder middle class Americans pursuing a higher education degree in an attempt to better their lives. These consequences will affect the education of employees of universities, graduate students, and employees receiving em-ployer-provided education benefits. Madam Speaker, under current law, higher education institutions can pro-vide tax-free tuition waivers or reim-bursement to employees, spouses, and dependents. Secondly, many universities provide graduate students, including Ph.D. candidates, with tuition relief and sti-pends, which they can utilize while pursuing their degree. Several of my constituents, including my niece, Sarah Schiavone, who is a Ph.D. stu-dent, would be impacted by this. Thirdly, employer-provided edu-cation incentives are currently not taxed. I offered two amendments, amendments 20 and 21, to H.R. 1 that would have kept these qualified tuition reduction benefits and currently would have provided for them to continue. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Madam Speak-er, I inadvertently cut the gentleman short. I yield the gentleman an addi-tional 2 minutes. Mr. TURNER. I know the Senate is working on their version of the tax re-form package, and, as of today, the Senate bill does not include the repeal of these vital education permits. Mr. Chairman, I would like your as-surances that the current status of these education benefits will be pro-tected during conference debate. I am requesting you continue to work with my office as we, together, address this issue. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. TURNER. I yield to the gen-tleman from Illinois. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. It is a privilege to be able to work with the gentleman on this issue, and, Mr. Chairman, it is a privilege to work with you. With eight colleges and universities in my district, I cannot ignore the im-pact that eliminating this section that Mr. TURNER eloquently explained—the impact it may have on the students and the employees in my district at all of those institutions. The University of Illinois, the largest university in my district, provided $184 million in tuition waivers to 1,387 fac-ulty and staff last year alone; 1,100 of those employees made less than $75,000. I am worried, too, that that is going to have a tremendous impact on grad-uate students. I am worried it is going to have an impact on the custodians and the assistants in the Registrar’s Office who are just working at these in-stitutions to be able to send their son or daughter to college. So I look for-ward to working with Mr. T
URNER and Mr. Chairman and working toward a solution. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. TURNER. I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Madam Speak-er, I would like to thank Mr. T
URNER  and Mr. D
AVIS for raising this impor-tant issue. On the committee, Rep-resentatives M
EEHAN and L YNNJENKINS  led the discussion and share your senti-ments. I have a keen interest in this issue. I will work with you toward a positive solution on tuition assistance in con-ference with the Senate. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ), who is a son of Springfield, Massachusetts, and a very distinguished gentleman. Mr. WELCH. Madam Speaker, I have a few questions for the authors of this bill. What do you have against students? You are imposing an opportunity tax. A young Vermonter who wants to get a certificate in welding, or get a degree from our community college, and gets tuition assistance from an employer, they have to pay taxes on that. If they borrow money from the Vermont Stu-dent Assistance Corporation, they have to pay more because they can’t deduct that interest. By the way, the Vermont Student As-sistance Corporation has to charge higher interest because we are elimi-nating private activity bonds, and they don’t get the benefit of their municipal bonds rate. I have another question. What do you have against teachers? They reach in their pocket at the beginning of school to help out with school supplies. They lose the deduction. I have another question. What do you have against people who have a loved one with Alzheimer’s? They can’t de-duct the cost of that medical care. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will suspend. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. Mr. WELCH. Well, I have another question for the Chair, and I ask it of the leadership. What happened to democracy? We were promised an open process. And there was a model for this. It was President Reagan and Dan Rosten-kowski, 4 months of actual hearings, witnesses testifying about the bill. This was written in secret. Oh, by the way, no amendments. Now, we could ask 435 Members of Congress whether we should stick it to the students like we are doing in this bill, and 435 of us would all stand up for the students. But you know what? Not a single one of us is given the oppor-tunity to ask the question: Do we want to stick it to our students who want to get a welding degree or a college de-gree? That is disgraceful, it is inexcusable, it is within the control of the majority, and they are denying us the oppor-tunity. Here is the big deal that we know. This bill was written by and for the donor class that has flooded and con-taminated this political process with billions of dollars in our campaigns. Madam Speaker, I say defeat this bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Madam Speak-er, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act for fami-lies of four in Vermont, making $89,000, will see a tax cut of $2,030. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ), one of our key leaders championing for small business. Madam Speaker, I also ask unani-mous consent that the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) be permitted to control the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mrs. WALORSKI. Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for all of his work. Madam Speaker, I can’t tell you how grateful I am to cast a vote to move our Tax Code one step closer to its first overhaul in 31 years. We know the Tax Code is broken. The American people know the Tax Code is broken. They are reminded every time they look at their paycheck. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will deliver progrowth tax reform to the families, farmers, manufacturers, and workers in my district. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.104 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9354 November 15, 2017 
For families, we are delivering tax cuts so that hardworking Hoosiers can keep more of their hard-earned money. We are enhancing the child tax credit, preserving the Adoption tax credit, en-couraging retirement savings, and streamlining 15 different education tax incentives. We are delivering a Tax Code so sim-ple that most Americans can file taxes on a postcard. In my district, 80 per-cent of filers already take the standard deduction. They will be able to keep even more of their money, because the standard deduction is doubled, and most itemizers will now be able to save time, money, and stress by taking the double standard deduction instead. No one is ever excited to file their taxes, but I am all for a simpler, quicker process that makes it much more pain-free. H.R. 1 helps job creators grow. Small businesses get a lower rate and more simplicity. Family businesses passed down for generations won’t have to worry about the estate tax anymore, and America will be a more attractive place to do business. Our antiquated Tax Code keeps in-vestment in jobs out. This bill incentivizes companies to bring profits back, to locate facilities here, and to grow American jobs and raise wages. Madam Speaker, I was so proud to vote for this bill in the Ways and Means Committee, and I am proud to be a part of this House that is deliv-ering yet another crucial step toward tax cuts, simplicity, and fairness. Madam Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this bill. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, the Uni-versity of Notre Dame is about to get slugged with a new tax, and the clock is running out. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID SCOTT), who has been a cham-pion of the working class. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I thank Ranking Member N
EAL. I appreciate this time. Madam Speaker, my heart is heavy tonight, and it is heavy because we are faced with the absolute, most dan-gerous, destructive, and deceitful tax reform bill in the history of this Con-gress. Now, let me tell you why. On the other side, you have heard Member after Member on the other side get up and tell you: This is going to get a tax cut, we are going to give the wealthy a tax cut, we are going to give the corporations a tax cut. But none of them have told you, or the American people, how they are going to pay for it. And the great tragedy is, the most deceitful thing about what my col-leagues on the other side are doing to the American people is they are doing these tax cuts for the wealthy, the tax cuts for the corporations, on the backs of the poor, the middle class. Let me tell you why. They won’t tell you that they are paying for this tax cut because on—$1.5 trillion that they will cut from Med-icaid, from Medicare. Madam Speaker, Medicaid is for the children. There are literally millions of children on there. You heard one of my colleagues go down. We are losing 20 veterans to sui-cide every single day. No mention of that. Yet they will cut the veterans program designed to help them to pay for this tax cut. Not to mention the student loan in-terest rate. Young people across this country, you need to rise up. Seniors, we need to rise up. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. I yield the gentleman an additional 15 seconds. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. We need to rise up and stand and fight for this country. Let our minds go back to 1770, in Boston, at the harbor, when they threw the tea over that founded the foundation of our great democracy. I ask the American people to stand up and help us Democrats defeat this dangerous bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. b1815 Mr. ROSKAM. Madam Speaker, the good news is that the good people of Georgia’s 13th District median house-hold income, family of four, at $80,000 would receive a $1,700 tax break. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ), former treasurer of one of the largest counties in our country. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Madam Speaker, this is one of those moments where— and forgive me, but I sometimes feel like I live and work in a math-free zone, because you can’t intellectually have it both ways, where you are talk-ing about the great difficulties coming, and then when you bring in the actual data and you actually start to look at the charts that we all see, it isn’t in the future, it is right on the cusp of us, and that is the debt and entitlement crisis. If we do not start to get some eco-nomic growth, we are in so much trou-ble. If you really care about Medicare, Medicaid, the children, this education program, this health research, where is the money coming from? It is on the cusp. This is less than a decade away. In just a few years, we cross 100 percent of GDP, and that is publicly held, and then the ability to sell the bonds if we do not get eco-nomic growth. But if you look at the last 30 years in the charts and the data—and I am sorry, I know this is small and I know it is math, so it is uncomfortable for a lot of people in this body. If you actu-ally look across here and you see, this is entitlements to GDP, when we have been in times of economic expansion, all of a sudden our ability to finance, to maintain the promises we have made as a society, if the math works. And this is a commonality we both un-derstand, economic growth is our only path. Because if it is not, are you on your side ready to do fairly draconian cuts? If we actually look at some of the data that has come from the Tax Foun-dation, the Tax Foundation’s modeling says $1 trillion of additional taxes, but almost $300 billion in additional pay-roll taxes over the 10 years. I have already heard a couple people get behind the microphone here and use the term that the trillion and a half is dynamically scored. No. That is a static score. All dynamic scoring is— so we all have a commonality—you cal-culate back in the size of the economy. You loop back in the size of the econ-omy, and you can’t have it both ways. You either support dynamic scoring or you oppose it for global warming. You oppose it for immigration. You oppose it for the stimulus, because we actu-ally, as a body, every March, when CBO brings us the numbers, they give us a number that has been dynamically scored. I know we all want what is best for this Nation, but as I dig through the math, if we get the economic growth that I believe this tax model, so many of the very difficult decisions we as a body have to make over the next dec-ade get much easier. Let’s hope we get there. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s sincerity as we proceed to watch them borrow $2.3 tril-lion on the deficit. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
IL-
DEE), from a well-known family. Mr. KILDEE. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time and for his incredible leadership on this subject. You can’t have it both ways. I just heard it said. You can’t have it both ways. So what I suspect will happen after I get done, as has been the case with every one of the speakers on this side, the gentleman on the other side will say that residents in my home-town will get a tax break of X, $1,000. I would ask the gentleman if he would add to that the amount of the debt that is being borne by each one of those families. Because the way I have got it calculated, it costs a family of four about $20,000 for your debt that you are willing to levy against our children and grandchildren in order to give the richest 1 percent of Americans a massive tax break. You can’t deny the math that almost all the benefit goes to the people at the top. The top 1 percent are huge bene-ficiaries. You can’t deny the math that 5,400 families will get a massive tax break. You can’t deny the math that says that every single American will take on additional debt; a family of four, $20,000 in debt. I also was intrigued by the colloquy where Members came to ask the leader-ship if they will work with them to take out egregious elements of this tax 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.105 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9355 November 15, 2017 
proposal. We get this sort of ‘‘Yes, I will work with the gentleman’’ answer. I have a question: Why did you put it in in the first place? Why are you cut-ting brownfield tax credits? Why are you cutting new market tax credits? Why are you cutting historic tax cred-its in the first place? Why did you put it in in the first place? You just wrote the bill. You just wrote it. It makes no sense. It makes no sense. We can’t pass debts to our children in order to finance tax breaks for the peo-ple at the very top. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would like to remind all Mem-bers that they should address their re-marks to the Chair and not to others in the Chamber. Mr. ROSKAM. Madam Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. Madam Speaker, the good news is it is not just $1,000 for the gentleman’s district, it is $1,200. Let’s go right to this student issue. It was the Obama administration that proposed in the 2017 budget for the elimination of the student deduction. I think the sanctimonious need to just walk out of the Chamber. The other thing is, at a tax rate of 15 percent, an annual $2,500 above-the-line deduction is a $375 tax break. We are proposing something far greater than that with doubling the standard deduc-tion, lowering the rates and so forth. Madam Speaker, let’s just take the student deduction and chuck it in the garbage. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ). Mrs. WAGNER. Madam Speaker, it is about time we get something real done for the American people. The people of Missouri’s Second District sent me to Washington to secure their jobs and to keep a little more of their hard-earned money, and at long last we are finally doing just that. I vote ‘‘yes’’ to fix our broken tax system. I vote ‘‘yes’’ to help reignite the American economy. I vote ‘‘yes’’ to make it a little bit easier for that sin-gle mother of two, that firefighter, that teacher, that shopowner, that family of four, that veteran. I vote ‘‘yes’’ for bigger paychecks, better sav-ings, and a more secure future. I ran for Congress to fight for the people of Missouri and to ensure that every hardworking American can real-ize their own American Dream. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE ), a conscience of the House and a cham-pion of all things Pittsburgh. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to this terrible bill. Many of my colleagues have called it a scam, and they are absolutely right. Supporters of this bill have said that everyone gets a tax cut. That is not true. Millions of Americans get a tax increase; more and more each year, in fact. Supporters of this bill have called it a middle class tax cut. That is not true. The lion’s share of the money goes to corporations and households making $1 million or more, not to the family struggling paycheck to pay-check. What this bill gives to the middle class in one hand, it takes it away with the other with devastating con-sequences for households with high medical costs, student loans, or high State and local taxes. Supporters of this bill have claimed that it will keep companies from mov-ing jobs overseas, create new jobs here at home, raise wages for American workers. That is not true. While this bill cuts corporate tax rates, it creates new incentives for shipping our jobs abroad. Finally, does anyone really believe that tax cuts for corporations and the rich will trickle down to the rest of us? It didn’t work in the Reagan admin-istration. It didn’t work in the Bush administration. It didn’t work in Kan-sas, and it is not going to work today. Make no mistake, this massive tax cut for corporations and the rich will increase deficits and the national debt by trillions of dollars, sticking the rest of us, especially our kids, with the bill. Madam Speaker, this massive tax cut for corporations and the wealthy is not a middle class tax cut. It won’t create jobs or raise wages. It isn’t simple, it isn’t reform, and it certainly won’t pay for itself. If we want to increase economic growth, let’s give a real break to the middle class and the small businesses. They will put that money right back into the economy. That is the way to create jobs and boost wages. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to reject this giveaway to the rich and to start over with a bipartisan bill that truly benefits the middle class. Mr. ROSKAM. Madam Speaker, my friends on the other side of the aisle need to make a decision: Do they want to lionize Ronald Reagan or criticize Ronald Reagan? I will leave it to them to decide which. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). Mr. BARR. Madam Speaker, I rise today to adamantly dispute this false narrative that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is only intended to benefit the wealthiest Americans and does not benefit the middle class. When you hear this fiction from the other side of the aisle, remember these facts: this bill lowers tax rates on low- and middle-income Americans. It takes the lowest 10 percent bracket to zero. It doubles the standard deduction, meaning hardworking Americans can immediately take home more of their paychecks. Specifically, the first $24,000 of family income will be com-pletely tax free under this plan. By slashing our noncompetitive cor-porate tax rate, this bill will result in more jobs and, according to the non-partisan Tax Foundation, it will de-liver average American households a pay raise of at least 21⁄2percent. With this legislation, a typical fam-ily of four earning $59,000, the median household income, will receive a $1,182 tax cut. Madam Speaker, that is not a tax cut for the rich. That is a tax cut for low- and middle-income hardworking Amer-icans, and that is a fact. This will benefit people like Jared from Frankfort, Kentucky, who told me: ‘‘The extra income from the tax cut will enable us to have some breath-ing room.’’ It will also help constituents who are living paycheck to paycheck, who have told me they would use these tax cuts to save for a rainy day, make car re-pairs, occasionally go to a restaurant, and invest in higher education for their kids. I heard from my constituent in Lex-ington named Gary, who told me: ‘‘It doesn’t matter how I plan to use my money. By definition, it is my money to begin with. Trust me to spend it in the way that applies for me.’’ Gary, you are absolutely right, it is your money. Tax relief is not about handouts. It is simply about allowing the American people to keep more of the hard-earned income that they made. On behalf of all of the hardworking people of central Kentucky, I urge my colleagues to vote for Gary and to vote for all other taxpayers who deserve to keep more of what they earned. Vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
YAN), who is well known and well regarded as he addresses national eco-nomic issues. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this. The last time there was tax reform was 31 years ago. Since then, 96 percent of income growth went to the top 10 percent of the people in the country. Ninety-six percent went to the top 10 percent. The top 1 percent control 90 percent of the wealth in this country. Sixty-three percent of average fami-lies in the United States of America could not withstand a $500 emergency. We have pensions collapsing, we have communities that have eroded, wiped out, and the Republican plan to fix all of this is to go to the Chinese Govern-ment, borrow $2.3 trillion and bring it back to the United States and give it to the wealthiest people in this coun-try. That is not going to fix a damn thing in the United States. It is not going to help Flint, or Springfield, or Youngs-town, or Pittsburgh, or Gary. I am talking about Gary, Indiana, will get hammered from this thing. b1830 We have tried this before, and many of you were here. President Bush did 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.107 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9356 November 15, 2017 
this. He said: We are going to cut taxes for the wealthy. It is going to lead to growth. Wages are going to go up. We had the most stagnant decade of growth since the Great Depression, and it ended in a complete economic col-lapse. This is a canard. This economic philosophy stinks. It doesn’t work, and it hammers working class people. To put a little salt in the wound, Madam Speaker, you keep the deduc-tion that allows a corporation to outsource jobs from our communities to other countries. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Madam Speaker, the only place this is going to create a job is in Beijing, China. Mr. ROSKAM. Madam Speaker, as you know, the good news is, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation, 70 percent of the individual tax relief goes to families earning under $200,000, ac-cording to their publication on Novem-ber 13. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTH-
ERFORD ). Mr. RUTHERFORD. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Madam Speaker, I think no one in this Chamber can dispute when I say that America’s Tax Code is broken. I rise today to stand with my colleagues in support of progrowth tax reform be-cause our Tax Cuts and Jobs Act works for the middle class. For too long, a complex Tax Code, high rates, and burdensome regulations have held back opportunities for hard-working families. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act offers much-needed tax relief for low-income and middle-income Americans. It focuses on middle class tax cuts that allow hardworking Floridians to keep more of their paychecks so that they can save for their children’s col-lege fund, so that they can invest in their retirement, so that they can enjoy vacations with their family. Florida families know how to spend their money better than the govern-ment, and this plan allows them to keep more of the money that they earn instead of waiting for tax returns and deductions to give them their money back. This bill is profamily. It is probusiness, and it will give our econ-omy a boost. Nothing will address our debt more than growth. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CNERNEY ), well-known as a champion of America’s middle class. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Madam Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member of the committee for his hard work on this. He has been a great voice. Madam Speaker, this is a harmful and deceitful bill. It is strictly par-tisan. We have learned over the years, if you do something strictly on a par-tisan basis, it isn’t going to work. It is going to fall apart. It will come back to you. I am telling you, learn from our mistakes. Work with us. There hasn’t been a single hearing on this bill. Is the public out there confused? They should be because they haven’t been informed about what this bill does. It was rushed through in 1 week. It takes more than a week to name a post office around here. What is the deal? What is going on here? No one really understands the consequences of this bill, but I can tell you what it does. It will greatly reduce taxes for cor-porate America. It will reduce taxes for the wealthy. So where do you think the money is going to come from to pay for Social Security? to pay for our roads and highways? to pay for our education? to pay for Medicare? If you haven’t guessed, it is going to come from the middle class. There is no other way we can pay for this. So I will be kind and say maybe they are being overoptimistic. Maybe they don’t really understand what is going on there, but don’t believe it. You are going to pay more taxes. It is going to come out of your hide. And when I sit down, the Member from Nebraska is going to say that, in my district, you are going to get $1,200 more or $1,700 more. No. You are going to pay more. You are not going to get more money back. In California, 6 million people will lose their tax deductions, the State in-come tax deduction. What does that mean? That means you are going to pay taxes twice on your earned income. In California, homeowners are going to get hit hard. I don’t see how anyone from California can vote for this bill. Education will be more expensive; student loans will not be deductible. This bill will hurt our Nation’s ability to compete. What does that mean? It means lower pay. It means layoffs. This tax overhaul is a big lie. We should oppose this bill and start over and do it right. Mr. ROSKAM. Madam Speaker, the good news is it is not $1,200. It is not $1,700. It is $1,900 for the median house-hold in California’s Ninth District. Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH), a great friend of agriculture and a great friend of small business. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Madam Speaker, a lot has been said today on the floor about the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act from my friends on the other side of the aisle. They think that this bill before us will make losers of the Amer-ican workers or of the American econ-omy. The truth is the status quo—our current broken Tax Code—is causing our workers and our economy to lose. Back in southeast Missouri—I will give you an example under the current Tax Code—a machinist in Poplar Bluff, Missouri, working 40 hours a week is fearful to work harder because the more money that they make, the less that they will have percentagewise under our current Tax Code. That is simply not right, Madam Speaker. Back in southeast Missouri, a cotton farmer in Hayti has worked for decades to build his family farm hoping to pass it on to his daughter. Yet, under the current system, his daughter would have to sell portions of the farm or take out a massive loan to continue the family operation. The status quo in our Tax Code is rigged against the American taxpayer. They can’t afford an army of lawyers, accountants, and lobbyists to find all of the loopholes and the bailouts avail-able only to a select few. The status quo are tax rates for busi-nesses that are so high that the Amer-ican companies are not able to grow, hire new workers, or be competitive with other countries around the world. The other side of the aisle was argu-ing to keep a broken Tax Code that is punishing hardworking taxpayers. All of the grandstanding leaves us with one question that needs to be answered for the American people: What do these tax cuts mean for you? It means that the hardworking family in southeast Missouri will keep more of their pay-check. Instead of being penalized for suc-cess, this bill is about employees. It is about wages. It is about getting to keep more of what you earn. For fami-lies and couples, the first $24,000 you earn under this bill will be tax free. You get to keep it. You get to decide how to spend your own money, not the government. It means that the small businesses and family farms won’t feel the sting of the IRS and the death tax when trag-edy strikes their family. It means that lobbyists and special interests become the losers. We close loopholes in handouts that the hard-working taxpayer can’t get. We are ending a Tax Code that isn’t built for the everyday American. We are making it simple and fair. It means that America can now compete and win again. With this bill, we lower the business rate to historic levels. We are making our economy healthy again. We know from history that a healthy economy takes care of itself. It is more stable and sustainable. It provides for full em-ployment, better jobs, and higher wages. Former President John F. Kennedy knew this when he said: ‘‘Our true choice is not between tax reduction, on the one hand, and the avoidance of large Federal deficits on the other. It is increasingly clear that no matter what party is in power, so long as our na-tional security needs keep rising, an economy hampered by restrictive tax rates will never produce enough rev-enue to balance our budget just as it will never produce enough jobs or enough profits.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.109 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9357 November 15, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROSKAM. Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Madam Speaker, surely, the lesson of the last decade is that budget deficits are not caused by wild-eyed spenders but by slow economic growth and periodic re-cessions. Any new recession would break all deficit records. This bill makes the American work-er, the American family, the American farmer, the American small businesses, and the American economy winners once again. Madam Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, 28,000 people will use the student loan inter-est deduction in Missouri’s Eighth Dis-trict, claiming nearly $33 million in de-ductions. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ), a medical man and Congress-man. Mr. RUIZ. Madam Speaker, I thank Ranking Member N
EALfor the oppor-tunity to speak on this bill. The fact is I do want to simplify our Tax Code and I do want tax reform, a tax reform that relieves the burden on our middle class, our seniors, our vet-erans, and our students. But let’s just see how this bill fares with the middle class, seniors, veterans, and students. My middle class constituents in Cali-fornia will be double-taxed on their in-come, but big corporations will get tax relief. Veterans in my district will find it harder to find work or a home because this bill eliminates tax credits for hir-ing veterans and harms efforts to end veterans’ homelessness. Middle class homeowners across Cali-fornia will see the value of their homes decrease by as much as 10 percent. Students will get hit with the largest relative tax increase in this bill. Seniors will see a Medicare cut by $25 billion a year. That is over $100 billion of Medicare cuts over the next 4 years. And 38 million middle class families will see their taxes increase. They al-ways point to this family of four earn-ing $59,000 getting a certain amount of tax cuts, but 38 million middle class families will see their taxes increase, all this while giving tax breaks to mil-lionaires, billionaires, and corporations who ship jobs overseas and raise the deficit by $1.44 trillion within 10 years. In fact, nearly 80 percent of the tax cuts in this bill go to millionaires, bil-lionaires, and multinational corpora-tions that ship jobs overseas. The bottom line is this bill raises taxes on the middle class and gives tax breaks to billionaires. This is irrespon-sible and unacceptable. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to oppose this bill and protect Medicare, protect the middle class, protect seniors, protect veterans, and protect students. Mr. ROSKAM. Madam Speaker, if you are in California’s 36th District and your median household income is $58,000, it looks like a tax cut of $1,090. I am informed that our friends on the other side have more time, and my sug-gestion is that our friends use some of their time to get back in balance. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 1 hour 161⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I just happen to have the nephew of former President Kennedy here who is going to set the record straight on that quote that was attributed to President Ken-nedy just a few moments ago. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (M
R. KENNEDY ), a very good member of the Massachusetts congressional dele-gation and my friend. Mr. KENNEDY. Madam Speaker, I thank my friend and mentor in the House, the dean of our delegation from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL), for his lead-ership on this issue and so many oth-ers. Madam Speaker, I am always heart-ened by the quotes of President Ken-nedy offered by any Member of this body. I would like to think that they would seek to emulate him not just on the marginal tax cuts that were put forth some 50 years ago, but also on his stance on immigration, on civil rights, and on Russia. b1845 But those are issues for another day, Madam Speaker. The issue today is a vote that we will take on this floor tomorrow to rewrite an American Tax Code that will touch every single American life. True tax reform is complicated, it is cumbersome, and, above all else, it is deeply personal. But this bill is none of those things. It is a massive, perma-nent handout to corporations passed off on American families. It is a terri-fyingly precise attack on patients with chronic illness, a heartless roadblock for low-income students, and a choice to value inherited wealth more than hard-earned income. It is a gift to corporations paid to the richest among us, and it is paid for by long nights, by double shifts, by vaca-tions not taken, and of hardworking American families sacrificing for their hope for a better tomorrow. You are asking them to fortify your tax cuts and stock options with their classrooms, your corporate profits with their roads and bridges, your balance sheets with their hard-earned retire-ment and healthcare benefits. For all the talk about the boost to corporate profits, 80 percent of the stocks in this country are owned by 10 percent of Americans. Ask yourself who is going to actually be the bene-ficiary of all that money. That is what this bill does. You have heard from my Republican friends over the course of the past cou-ple days about how much this will save the average American family, but not about the 36 million people and fami-lies who will experience a tax hike. What they aren’t telling you is what is going to happen the moment this bill is passed. Luckily for the American public, one of the chief economic advis-ers to the President has said so. He said that after this bill is done, they are turning directly toward welfare cuts, Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. So when you hear questions about how much this bill is going to save you, ask how about your retire-ment. These cuts go right to Social Se-curity. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Massachusetts an additional 30 seconds. Mr. KENNEDY. Madam Speaker, ask them how much more money that $1,000 is going to save you when your healthcare benefits are taken away. By the way, that clause just got added over in the Senate. Ask them how much more some sav-ings might go for one family when you gut and shred a social safety net that has powered the greatest expansion of economic growth that this country has ever seen. That is what your bill does. That is what this bill means. That is what this bill is about. It is about the values en-visioned of an America, about a tax structure that should reflect the values of the American family, not the values of corporate balance sheets. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. R
ASKIN ). Congressman R
ASKIN is a well-known champion of civil liberties and a scholar of the law. Mr. RASKIN. Madam Speaker, as my friends across the aisle prepare their statistics about my congressional dis-trict where 500 people rallied against the tax plan this last weekend, I want to invite them to come to my district and to debate me and several other members of our caucus. I am happy to come to the gentleman’s district and debate it, too, because the American people should be able to be part of this decision. When the majority voted to throw 30 million Americans off of their health insurance plans, they went over to the White House where they celebrated like it was Mardi Gras, the Super Bowl, and Herbert Hoover’s birthday all put together. When millions of middle class Americans rebelled and defeated that monstrosity of a bill, Donald Trump pointed at them and said that they had all voted for a mean bill; and he was right. Now like lambs to the slaughter, they are about to vote for another mean bill, a tax scam written by cor-porate lobbyists in the dark of night 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.110 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9358 November 15, 2017 
now moving through Congress at the speed of light. While our poor colleagues grimly walk the plank for the billionaires, Wall Street tycoons, and the Trump Cabinet, who are getting ready to laugh all the way to the bank when middle class Americans rebel again this week, next week, and the week after that, and this tax scam bites the dust, President Trump can turn around again and call this monstrosity not only mean, but greedy. This mean and greedy tax scam puts $1.5 trillion on America’s credit card so the sons and daughters of the middle class can pay the rest of their lives for a gigantic corporate tax cut in a period of record corporate profits. One-third of the windfall raining down on corporate investors will go abroad because more than one-third of corporate wealth is owned by foreign investors. That is more than $500 bil-lion that goes not even to our own rich people but to Saudi Arabia, China, and other foreign investor havens, and it will not go to Medicare or Medicaid or other public purposes at home. Then they move to the so-called ter-ritorial tax system so that corporate profits moved abroad will escape our normal system, giving incentive to record job flight. Somebody tell Donald Trump about this because this tax scam puts foreign jobs first. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Maryland an addi-tional 1 minute. Mr. RASKIN. In the meantime, Madam Speaker, 34 million middle class Americans get hit with a tax in-crease. Good-bye to the healthcare de-duction. Good-bye to the college loan interest deduction. Farewell to a mean-ingful State and local tax deduction— oh, and farewell to the estate tax which applies only to billionaires and the richest millionaires in the country, 2 out of 1,000 families. Where is the de-mocracy? Where is the legislative proc-ess? When we had a bipartisan bill in 1986, we took more than 2 years. It passed with overwhelming support. Now this tax scam has had no hearings, no ex-perts, and no citizen testimony. What a scandal it is. We do need tax reform, but we don’t need a corporate tax scam imposed against the middle class. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ), who is the ranking member of the Financial Services Committee. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposi-tion to H.R. 1, which is just a continu-ation of Republicans’ relentless attack on working families. This is not a tax plan; it is a tax scam. This President won’t disclose how he is going to benefit from this tax scam. He has disrespected us all. This tax scam will eliminate the student loan interest deduction. It will eliminate State and local tax deductions on in-come. It will restrict the mortgage in-terest deduction. It is estimated that 47 million tax-payers face a tax hike. Almost half of any tax cuts will go to the richest 1 percent. Residents of my State of Cali-fornia will face the largest net tax in-crease totaling $12.1 billion in 2027 alone. Madam Speaker, I call on the Presi-dent of the United States of America to show his tax income and to show his tax plan. He needs to let us know what he is all about and what his taxes are. From the very beginning, he said he couldn’t show them at the time that he was asked when he was first inaugu-rated into this Presidency, but time has passed. It is time for the President to show us his tax returns, rather than coming up with a tax scam asking ev-erybody else to pay up, to pay more, and saying that this is a middle class tax cut when it is not. We want to know more about him and his plan. So with my 1 minute, my 2 minutes, whatever it is, this evening is all about saying a message to the President. Even though I will be cautioned that I am not to talk to the President, I am calling on the President: Show your tax returns. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. ROSKAM. Madam Speaker, there is a message for California’s 43rd Dis-trict, and that is a benefit of $1,395 if H.R. 1 is passed into law. Madam Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD). Mr. L
AHOOD. Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Illi-nois for his commitment and dedica-tion to this terrific bill that we have before the House tonight. Madam Speaker, the people of Illi-nois are unfortunately all too familiar with high taxes and the burden they put on families and our local busi-nesses. At the Federal level, things have become just as bad with a Tax Code that is over 74,000 pages long and riddled with loopholes. Over 30 years have passed since the last time Congress passed comprehen-sive tax reform, and you can see the ef-fects of our outdated Tax Code every-where. We have stagnant hiring, stag-nant wages, and a stagnant economy that is holding back our middle class instead of helping them get ahead. H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, is our chance to change all of this. By simplifying our Tax Code and bringing real relief to everyday families, we can, once again, jump-start the American economy and get it back to working for the middle class. The choice before us is a simple one: Do we support this bill and support the middle class, or do we embrace the sta-tus quo? That is why I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to come together and vote for this bill. Let’s send a signal that we don’t stand for the status quo. We stand for growth and economic opportunity for the American people. Let us bring relief to the middle class. Support this bill. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ala-bama (Ms. SEWELL ). Congresswoman S
EWELL is an attorney and a Marshall Scholar. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Madam Speaker, our Tax Code is a statement of our values, and I can tell you that this tax bill doesn’t reflect my values nor those of the American people. This bill favors the wealthy over the middle class, it favors corporations over the working families, and it favors special interests over everyday Americans. Madam Speaker, this tax bill raises taxes for 36 million middle class Amer-icans, and it cashes a check for $2.3 trillion worth of debt that will be left for our children and grandchildren to pay. This tax bill gives permanent tax cuts for corporations and multi-nationals while making the tax cuts for regular taxpayers temporary. This tax bill preserves tax deductions for certain industries but does away with tax cuts in the Code that help ev-eryday Americans. It eliminates the deduction for State and local taxes. It also limits mortgage interest deduc-tions and limits the medical expense deduction affecting 9 million house-holds. The independent group, the Tax Pol-icy Center, estimates that almost half of the tax cuts, 47 percent of the tax cuts, will go to the top 1 percent. Madam Speaker, this bill devastates education. Education is truly the in-vestment in our human capital, our workforce. It eliminates deductions for interest on student loans. It eliminates deductions for teachers who buy sup-plies. It eliminates lifetime learning credits, and it eliminates employer tui-tion assistance. This bill adds a special tax on the en-dowments of colleges and universities which will reduce scholarships and in-crease the cost of college for average, everyday Americans. Cities and towns will be decimated by this bill. This bill eliminates tax incen-tives such as private activity bonds, new markets tax credits, and historic tax credits which dramatically affect the ability to build libraries and hos-pitals, and to fund roads, bridges, and broadband infrastructure. These are critical investments, Madam Speaker, in the public service that spur eco-nomic growth. Madam Speaker, this tax bill has it backwards. This Congress should value its constituents first, not Wall Street, and not special interests—its constitu-ents first. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to vote against this tax bill be-cause it doesn’t represent the values that our constituents sent us here to this hallowed place, Congress, to rep-resent. We should be representing them and not the special interests. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.112 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9359 November 15, 2017 
Mr. ROSKAM. Madam Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds to just do a quick, little cleanup. There was a discussion a minute ago by the gentlewoman from Alabama where she was talking about teachers, for example. Let’s get right to that. Teachers won’t be harmed by shifting the status quo because what they are getting right now is a $250 deduction which is worth about $37 at the 15 per-cent tax rate, receipts that they have to keep all year long in an envelope and apply it at the end in terms of doing their taxes. We say: Dump that. Let’s get away from that. Let’s double their standard deduction, lower their rates, and give them some real money. Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ). Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) control the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Madam Speaker, I rise to engage the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) in a colloquy. Madam Speaker, tax reform will re-sult in economic growth across the country, especially in my home State of California. I thank the gentleman for his dedication to this important ef-fort. Madam Speaker, my home State is uniquely positioned in this tax debate. Due to the liberal tax-and-spend poli-cies enacted by the California State Legislature, my district in Orange County is one of the most expensive places to live in this country. Cali-fornia has the highest personal income tax rate in the country, reaching a crushing 12.3 percent. The median home price in my district is almost $800,000. California also has the highest gas tax in the country. While this bill makes important re-forms that will grow our economy, I have serious concerns that some of my constituents may be worse off. As Sac-ramento continues to confiscate more and more of California’s hard-earned paychecks, we must ensure that Wash-ington does not put similar tax burdens on our constituents. I ask the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee to assure me that we will ensure that individuals and fami-lies in my district are protected from such unintended outcomes. Mr. KNIGHT. Will the gentlewoman yield? Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. I yield to the gentleman from California. b1900 Mr. KNIGHT. Madam Speaker, if you want to demonize or scare people, you come down and yell and scream and raise your hand and you say things that they haven’t looked into. What I did was talk to people in my district and looked at their rates and said: Let’s look at your taxes and kind of work them through. I found that people in the lower-in-come rate in my district got relief. People in the middle-income rate got relief. This happened right across the board to everyone we kept talking to. So I would say that, before you come down and yell and scream and try and scare people on something you might have heard from a talking head, actu-ally work with your people. It works. Madam Speaker, if this bill is en-acted, it will result in economic growth across the country, especially in my home State of California. The lower rates for individuals, families, busi-nesses, and the tax simplicity and cer-tainty offered by this bill will provide net tax relief to the middle class and our country’s job creators. We expect this bill to create nearly 1 million jobs nationwide, and nearly 10 percent of those in California. While the bill makes commendable strides toward a fair, simpler Tax Code, I am concerned about how the bill could impact some of my constituents as a result of the high level of income taxes imposed on them by our State government. I would ask the Chairman of the Ways and Means Committee if he can assure me that we continue our work and ensure the families in my district are protected from such unintended consequences and that they will be able to fully enjoy the benefits of this bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Will the gentle-woman yield? Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Madam Speak-er, I thank both the gentlewoman and the gentleman for stepping forward and being such strong advocates for tax-payers in a State that taxes its fami-lies and businesses, I think, almost be-yond belief. Our goal in tax reform is to achieve tax relief for families and individuals across the country, regardless of where you live, and across all incomes, while, at the same time, unleashing the eco-nomic engine for American economic growth. California, by the way, under tax re-form, is the number one job creator under the new Tax Code. So I agree with the gentleman and the gentlewoman. There are still some areas where we want to make and will make improvements in this bill. If they will work with us to continue to move this process forward, I am happy to commit to working with both of them to ensure we reach a positive outcome for their constituents and families as we reconcile our differences with the Senate. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, 33 percent of Mr. K
NIGHT ’s constituents derive a $16,000 annual benefit from the State and local tax deduction. In the case of the gentlewoman from California, 37 percent of her constitu-ents enjoy an $18,200 State and local tax deduction benefit. Madam Speaker, in closing, more than anything else, this is, as I opened with, a missed opportunity. We all know what is wrong with this Tax Code. We could have found areas of compromise emphasizing the middle class and middle-income earners. We understand that the Tax Code that American corporations use is not com-petitive now internationally, but we wanted some relief for middle-income people. So here is where the investment could have taken place. We could have begun an investment in human capital. You have heard it tonight. We should all be alarmed by labor participation rates in America. We all should be alarmed by what has happened in the post-war period where, at one time, it was 63 percent, and now it is 63.8 per-cent. It is about technology; it is about globalization, for sure; but it is also about skill set. Eighteen thousand pre-cision manufacturing jobs in New Eng-land go unanswered, the smallest geo-graphic region of the country. The De-partment of Labor reported this week that 6 million jobs in America go unan-swered. It is part of a skill set issue. You know what else we need to be concerned about? Two million people in America are addicted to opioids. That is what we should be concerned about as well as getting them back into the workplace through the trampoline effect, where they hit it and bounce back up into the mainstream. But that is not what we did. Without any hearings, without any chance for the minority to participate, in terms of substance, we moved for-ward. I want to say to the last two speak-ers, they are sincere enough. We have heard now four different people come to the well of this House on the other side and say to the chairperson of our committee and a friend: Are you going to fix this after the bill leaves here? Four different people asked for a fix. I want to tell you, based on long expe-rience in this House, the path gets more narrow as it leaves this House. It doesn’t grow more expansive. It will be harder to fix these things because of the budget score that was embraced. In 2001, we were promised widespread economic growth when President Bush took the Clinton surplus and offered $1.3 trillion worth of tax cuts. When you look at the distribution tables, they were right about one thing: every-body did get a tax cut. But then you look at those tables and you say: Let me examine who got what. In 2003, we came back and the Presi-dent proposed $1 trillion worth of tax cuts based on the premise of economic growth, which didn’t happen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.114 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9360 November 15, 2017 
By the way, in 2004, there was repa-triation, which may be the granddaddy of them all. Well, we are going to repa-triate those holdings offshore at 5
1⁄4 percent on the premise of job growth. And there was none. We had this opportunity to do this together, as I described with worker participation rates, understanding that most families now are not having large numbers of children any longer. This should have been about immigration reform attached to it as well. We all know skilled workers from overseas are going to be an important part of the American economy, and we should be embracing that, along with sensible tax policies based upon some relief for the middle class. Instead, we are taking away the abil-ity of American students to deduct in-terest on their loans to pay for a tax cut for people at the top? We are taking away a medical ex-pense deduction for people who have Alzheimer’s disease to pay for the tax cut for people at the top? We are assessing universities and col-leges a new, special tax to pay for tax cuts for people at the top? We could have had this conversation. We acknowledge what President Reagan and Speaker O’Neill did be-cause it was based upon good will and commonality and not needing just a political victory. Day after day they plowed through with 450 witnesses in front of the Ways and Means Com-mittee. How many witnesses did we have in front of the Ways and Means Com-mittee? Zero. How many hearings did we have on this tax bill? Zero. We saw the manager’s amendment and were given 20 minutes to review it. I don’t mean 25 minutes. I mean 20 minutes. Back to regular order. We should scrap this bill. To those who are vulnerable on the other side, I would not be trusting of the idea that these issues are going to be fixed after you cast this vote tomor-row morning. There will be an oppor-tunity to go back and redo this if the other side would say: Let’s find a meaningful path to cooperation be-tween the two parties. That is all we are asking for on this side: include us in this discussion so we might invest in community colleges, vocational education, internship pro-grams, skill set training, and answer the call of globalization. We still have innovation and cre-ativity that far surpasses the rest of the world. There is nothing we can’t answer in America without those healthy investments that we need. Instead, when you look at these dis-tribution tables that are proposed as to who is going to get what; taking away the alternative minimum tax for the 4.5 million families that pay it; asking students to give up their student inter-est deduction; the estate tax, which we are repealing; and we are asking that loved ones who have Alzheimer’s and being cared for at home to give up that medical deduction to pay for all of that, it makes no sense whatsoever. But there is an opportunity, Madam Speaker, to reverse course. In my years here, I can tell you this: Anybody who thinks that the United States Senate is going to accommodate their wishes, when they see the goal-post and the goal line of a handful of Members of this House, they are mak-ing a miscalculation. We have heard tonight they are going to do something about state and local tax deduction, they are going to do something about the historic tax cred-it, and they are going to revisit these issues. Do you know how difficult that is going to be, Madam Speaker? That is going to be nearly impossible. On top of that, they are going to go back and try to appeal the Affordable Care Act again and take 13 million peo-ple away from their insurance so that we can have a tax cut that further con-centrates wealth for a handful of peo-ple in America? This is the House of Representatives, Madam Speaker, not the House of Lords. We don’t serve here by peerage. We are not entitled to anything here. Most of us come from pretty modest backgrounds. That is the principle we should be honoring in this tax debate as we discuss who is about to pay what and what the rewards ought to be for the hardworking men and women. This is last note I am going to ex-press before I yield back my time. What about those 1 million veterans who have served us honorably in Iraq and Afghanistan? New veterans, what about them? Are we going to eventually cut their benefits with Social Security and Medicare and Medicaid and put it all on the chopping block as we attempt to further concentrate wealth in America, particularly for unearned income, by the way? That is where we are heading. We should honor the skills of those men and women who get up every day and strive and work hard in this coun-try with a sense of purpose and great patriotism. That is what we should be acknowledging in this debate. I am looking forward to tomorrow morning, when we conclude this debate and spend the 2 hours discussing more of what we have witnessed here to-night. There will be more than enough enthusiasm on our side. They will be lined up to RFK Stadium to participate tomorrow morning in this debate. That is how important this is to the future of the American people. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Madam Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, Washington is just hilarious. Lawmakers back home tell everyone they are for tax reform, until it comes actually time to do it. Everyone says they want a fairer, flatter, simpler Tax Code, as long as you keep every special interest provision in this big, fat, messed-up Tax Code. Everyone says they want to give peo-ple back more of what they earned and get Main Street businesses going, as long as you don’t change anything in the Tax Code. As long as the lobbyists win and the American people lose, they are willing to talk about it. House Republicans are actually act-ing on tax reform for the first time in 31 years. In Washington, they sneer at that family of four back home making $59,000 a year. That is the average household. Under our tax reform, they pay $1,182 less that they keep in their pocket. Washington makes fun of that. That is real money for families. A firefighter making $48,000 a year keeps over $1,300. That single mom working hard every day making $30,000 a year has a $700 larger refund than she gets today. That Main Street startup business working I don’t know how many hours, making $62,000 a year—that was my Chamber of Commerce member right there—in that startup business, they keep $3,007 more than they do today. Washington just laughs at that. But it is real money for real people. In my district, a family of four mak-ing $90,000—two teachers—keeps $2,176 more every year of their life from this. My friends on the Democrat side now worry about the debt. I remember the first year Democrats took control of the House, they doubled the deficit. The second year, they tripled it. The third year, it went to $1 trillion. It stayed that way until the American people gave the House back to Repub-licans. They love spending money and rais-ing the deficit when they let Wash-ington grow, but when it is time to grow jobs and paychecks, all of a sud-den they are worried about the debt. The truth of the matter is we want to keep this debt and deficits going. Don’t change anything. Keep this slow- growth economy, keep spending, and I guarantee you debts and deficits will grow. We are talking about growing jobs, growing paychecks, and getting back to a balanced budget by getting this economy moving in a big way. At the end of the day, it is time to end the status quo in Washington, D.C. Americans deserve a fair, flatter Tax Code, one that closes loopholes and ends special interest deductions so that Americans can keep more of what they earn, so their paychecks can raise and our businesses can compete and win anywhere in the world, especially here at home America. It is time our jobs start coming back to America, rather than watching them go: our jobs, research, manufacturing patents, our headquarters. That era is over, and it starts with H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.115 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9361 November 15, 2017 
We will continue this debate tomor-row, Madam Speaker, so we will con-tinue to deliver tax reform and tax cuts for the American people. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of H.R. 1 is postponed. 
f 
b1915 HISTORIC TAX REFORM FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Madam Speaker, we have heard a lot in this de-bate today. One thing is abundantly clear. Virtually every hardworking cit-izen in this country recognizes our gen-uine need for tax reform. Let me summarize some of the facts that have been presented today. The burdensome 70,000-page U.S. Tax Code has grown to be unreasonably complex, increasingly unfair, and filled with special interest loopholes. Amer-ican companies are taxed at the high-est rate in the industrialized world, and the government takes even more from our small-business owners and our entrepreneurs. As a result, our eco-nomic growth is stagnant, companies have gradually shifted their manufac-turing and operations overseas, and families are struggling just to keep up. Today, the hurdles in our system seem almost insurmountable for hard-working people as they are afforded fewer and fewer opportunities for eco-nomic mobility. For previous generations, it was a different deal. We had the American Dream. The American Dream was de-fined by a simple promise: if you were willing to work hard and sacrifice and play by the rules, you could make a better life for yourself and your family. But today, our outdated Tax Code has pushed that dream beyond the grasp of more and more people. The good news is we can fix this problem, and we are going to do that in this Chamber tomorrow. For the first time in over 30 years, Congress has a historic opportunity to pass landmark tax reform that will be a turboboost to this economy, and it is going to lead us to a fairer system, as we said so many times, with more jobs and bigger pay-checks for everyone. Our Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, H.R. 1, will deliver significant tax reductions for low- and middle-income earners, and it will help Americans in every level of our economy. The bill, which draws from 6 years of intensive work and expert analysis from more than 40 different congressional hearings, low-ers individual income taxes by consoli-dating the existing seven brackets into four and doubling the standard deduc-tion for everyone. It also establishes a new family tax credit. It provides higher education benefits. It repeals the death tax. It preserves deductions for mortgage in-terest and charitable donations and property taxes, and it incentivizes sav-ing for retirement. Tax returns will become incredibly simple for the first time in my lifetime because 9 out of 10 Americans will be able to complete their annual filing on a form the size of a postcard. The bill’s business tax reforms are equally seismic because we are going to slash our draconian corporate tax from 35 percent, the highest in the world, to 20 percent, and we are going to institute the lowest rates for small business job creators since World War II. U.S. companies will finally be al-lowed to compete again on a level play-ing field and bring their jobs and oper-ations back home from overseas. The independent Tax Foundation es-timated that our plan will result in the creation of approximately 975,000 full- time American jobs and an increase in family incomes of 4.4 percent, on aver-age. In Louisiana, for example, that would mean 13,293 new jobs and $1,857 of additional after-tax income for our average middle class families. The American people have long de-served a simpler, fairer, and effective system that rewards hard work and al-lows taxpayers to keep and invest more of what they earn. Our plan will finally provide that relief and spark the dra-matic economic growth our Nation has so desperately needed. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is about more than just smart legislation. It is about a revival of that American Dream I referenced. That has one agen-da that should unite every single one of us, and we hope all of our colleagues will support this historic landmark piece of legislation tomorrow. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD), a great American small-busi-ness owner himself. Mr. BUDD. Madam Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Lou-isiana, for yielding. Madam Speaker, as my colleagues in this body know very well, it has been many years since we have reformed our Tax Code. Over the last few decades, Congress has cut some taxes here and there, but we are overdue for meaning-ful tax reform. Hardworking taxpayers in North Carolina are right to ask why it has been so long since we have even re-formed our Tax Code. The unfortunate truth is that, for many years, Congress has thrown up the white flag in defeat against K Street lobbyists, and they settled for preserving the status quo. However, tomorrow, we have a rare op-portunity to finally deliver a tax bill that puts working families first. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act would be the biggest overhaul to our Tax Code in 30 years. To quickly summarize, this bill would collapse our tax brackets from seven to four; it would double the standard deduction and get rid of many lobbyist loopholes; and it would slash the corporate tax rate to 20 percent, which would allow America to compete and to win. The nonpartisan Tax Foundation found that, if we passed this bill into law, American workers would see a 3 percent increase in their wages, and our country would see nearly 1 million full-time jobs created. Madam Speaker, yesterday, my office received a letter from a constituent of mine that said: ‘‘As a manufacturer and constituent, I urge you to support tax reform and legislation that will fix our Tax Code that has held manufac-turers back for far too long.’’ This is just an example of the many letters I have received in favor of this reform ef-fort. In addition to letters of support that I have received, studies show that, if we pass this bill, a typical household would see their taxes cut nearly $2,000. Let’s think for a second what this means. Instead of the IRS taking it, families could spend it on their chil-dren. They could put it in their sav-ings, or they could pay off debts. I am supporting this bill so we no longer hold manufacturers back from success. I am supporting this bill be-cause it would make life simpler and easier for job creators, savers, and hardworking families. Last week, in this body, I addressed the fact that there are certain provi-sions within this bill that my col-leagues and I may differ on, and I noted that that is just always going to be the case, but I also suggested that we ask ourselves three questions. The first question was: Does this bill cut taxes for the vast majority of hard-working American families? The second was: Will it bring back jobs? And the third question was: Will this bill simplify the tax filing process for working families next year and in the years to come? Madam Speaker, the answer to all three of those questions was ‘‘yes.’’ I urge my colleagues to vote tomorrow in favor of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Last year, President Trump promised to cut taxes for working families, and that is exactly what this bill will do. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). Mr. ARRINGTON. Madam Speaker, I thank my dear friend and distinguished colleague from the State of Louisiana 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.117 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9362 November 15, 2017 
for his strong leadership and for hosting us this evening, this Special Order, on such an important issue. Madam Speaker, tax reform in west Texas and in rural America is about giving our hardworking and middle class families a break in allowing them to keep more of their hard-earned money. According to the nonpartisan Tax Foundation, our plan would in-crease wages by over 3 percent, create roughly 1 million new jobs, and raise the after-tax income of the average middle-income family by nearly $2,600. It is about simplifying the Tax Code and reducing the burden on taxpayers so that they don’t have to spend a com-bined almost 9 billion hours and $100 billion just to prepare their taxes every year. Under our plan, 9 out of 10 Ameri-cans, as my colleague mentioned, will be able to file their taxes on a form as simple as a postcard. It is about getting off the backs of our job creators, which are our small businesses, and letting them create more jobs for their communities. Our plan would reduce the tax rate on our Main Street job creators to the lowest it has been since World War II. It is about making America competi-tive again by leveling the playing field for American producers and manufac-turers. Our plan would lower the corporate tax rate and bring jobs back to Amer-ica, and it would also boost the average American household income by $4,000 and, in some studies, as high as $9,000. It is about giving our family farmers and ranchers a reason to invest in new tractors and equipment, combines and cotton strippers, so they can do what they have been doing: be more produc-tive even at feeding and clothing the American people. This plan allows our farmers and ranchers, as well as our small busi-nesses, the ability to write off the full cost of new technology and equipment immediately, and it is about elimi-nating the duplicative, unfair, and un- American death tax that prevents fam-ily farmers, ranchers, and small-busi-ness owners from passing down their hard-earned American Dream to the next generation after they paid taxes on it their entire lives. Today, more than 70 percent—listen to this—more than 70 percent of family businesses don’t make it to the second generation; 90 percent don’t survive to the third generation. That is unaccept-able. Tomorrow, Madam Speaker, marks an historic moment, the likes of which we haven’t seen in over 30 years, to change the current economic trajec-tory of this country and restore free-dom and opportunity for all hard-working American families. Let’s seize it. Let’s deliver on our promise, and let’s give much-deserved relief to the American people and a much-needed boost to the American economy. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas, who is always eloquent. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ). Mr. COMER. Madam Speaker, it has been more than 30 years since Congress passed meaningful tax reform. In those three decades, we have seen unbeliev-able progress in technology, commu-nications, manufacturing, and so much more. I am thrilled we now have a chance to pass meaningful tax reform, an opportunity to finally move to a Tax Code that works for families, small businesses, and Americans across the board. We have a once-in-a-generation chance to bolster middle class pros-perity, strengthen our economy, and help America’s global competitiveness. These are not just abstract concepts. These are real people, families, busi-nesses, and workers. Over this past year, I have traveled through the 35 counties that I rep-resent, and I have been so impressed by the countless Kentuckians who are working to bring jobs of the future into rural America. Unlike these innovative entrepreneurs, our Tax Code is, unfor-tunately, stuck in the past. Like many of my constituents in the First District, I run a family farm and have experienced the challenges of dealing with an outdated and cum-bersome Tax Code. I know firsthand the difficulties small businesses face when they try to operate, grow, and hire more workers while battling a Tax Code that does not work for them. Passing tax reform is finally within reach, and I enthusiastically support swift passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Throughout our Nation’s history, small businesses have served as the backbone of our communities. These companies provide high-quality jobs, contribute to their local communities, and invest money right here at home. That is why I am dedicated to enacting tax relief that allows American small- business owners to keep more of their hard-earned tax dollars, to grow their businesses, and to compete globally. This bill will create almost 13,000 new jobs in the Commonwealth of Kentucky and will raise after-tax income for mid-dle class families by almost $2,000. More than 59,000 taxpayers in the First District itemize their taxes, and be-cause of the near doubling of the stand-ard deduction and other simplifica-tions, many of our taxpayers will have much simpler returns. And for our Na-tion, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will generate economic growth adequate to increase Federal tax receipts by $1 tril-lion. In the First District of Kentucky, there are nearly 44,000 taxpayers who earn small business income. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, small-business owners will benefit from the new lower 9 percent tax rate on the first $75,000 of their business income for owners earn-ing less than $150,000. Families and small businesses will have more oppor-tunities to succeed with this frame-work. b1930 Additionally, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act reduces the number of deductions and credits aimed at special interests and other well-connected groups, which will create a simpler, more level play-ing field for American taxpayers. Get-ting rid of these special privileges in the Tax Code will ensure that all Americans, not just those who can af-ford their own tax preparers, get to keep more of their own money. President Trump, my colleagues in Congress and I have promised to de-liver tax reform in a big way. I am proud to be keeping this promise now. My constituents deserve a system that enables them to keep more of their hard-earned money and spend less of their time dealing with our overly complicated Tax Code. I think it is important to address a concern that I have heard throughout the tax reform debate, one that I take very seriously: our national debt, which currently tops $20 trillion and is growing every day. The debt is a seri-ous problem that poses an impediment to growth, a burden on our future, and a threat to our national security. While I am glad to finally hear bipar-tisan interest in addressing this chal-lenge and getting the deficit under con-trol, I think it is clear that any solu-tion must include reducing government spending, particularly on mandatory programs that are the major drivers of our debt. I look forward to continuing to work towards this goal. The last time we addressed our Tax Code was when President Reagan was in office. Sticking with the Tax Code we have had for decades, one that leaves U.S. businesses and workers be-hind, is not an option. Now, I have high hopes for the future with this tax re-form framework. I will continue fighting for reform that will benefit Kentuckians and our Nation as a whole, and I look forward to supporting progrowth solutions that have proven to benefit our Nation and our citizens. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Madam Speaker, there is a trend here tonight. Those who are addressing the House this evening have had their own experi-ence with this burdensome Tax Code. They have been small-business owners, entrepreneurs, job creators, and farm-ers, like my friend from Kentucky. I appreciate their zeal for this issue. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
ARRETT ), a former prosecutor, an Army veteran, and always a good voice to reason. Mr. GARRETT. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana for yielding. Madam Speaker, the last time this Nation passed major tax reform, yours truly weighed 112 pounds at the begin-ning of wrestling season. I had a full head of hair, I never set foot west of Mississippi, nor outside the United States of America. Madam Speaker, the last time this country addressed tax reform, the So-viet Union was welcoming a new leader 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.119 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9363 November 15, 2017 
named Mikhail Gorbachev. It has been too long. It is an honor to represent the Fifth District of Virginia because I think it is historically unique. I have spoken from this podium and this floor about the amazing characteristics of that particular historical region. Among the great individuals from the Fifth District of Virginia was a flawed man, an imperfect man, a slave-owner named Jefferson, who gave us a near-perfect document, named the ‘‘Declaration of Independence.’’ While not perfect, Jefferson had per-fect insight, and, perhaps, you could argue he was prescient when it is said that he said: ‘‘I predict future happi-ness for Americans if they can prevent the government from wasting the la-bors of the people under the pretense of taking care of them.’’ It has been enlightening tonight to stand on this floor. If you are watching at home, I suppose that you can turn the volume down on C–SPAN, because I don’t intend to yell, as so many others have before me. And I will tell you that it is funny to listen to my colleagues across the aisle who say: This is a 429- page bill. I would point out that saying the number of pages doesn’t actually make the bill longer and that the Affordable Care Act, that they had us pass, so that we could find out what was in it, was 2,300 pages with over 20,000 pages of regulation. So there is a little disingenuity, at the very least, for them to lament the first real overhaul in our draconian tax structure in near-ly two generations by suggesting that 429 pages is a long document, when such a hearty and robust undertaking is afoot. Madam Speaker, I would submit that the government needs the people and not the other way around. That is what makes us the United States of Amer-ica. It is a clever ploy to attack the rich and the job creators, but let me point out the fact that 97.3 percent of taxes are paid by the top 50 percent of wage earners. So, therefore, when you at-tempt to cut taxes for working class people, someone who is in the 51st per-centile will, indeed, receive a tax cut, but they are, by no means, rich. It is a clever ploy to attack corpora-tions, because corporations don’t have faces, but people do. And who do corporations provide jobs for? People. President Obama acknowledged that our corporate tax structure was among the most backward in the world, and it needed to be addressed, but he didn’t address it. President Obama acknowl-edged that the Affordable Care Act had ‘‘real problems,’’ but no one on the other side of the aisle will address them. So, too, did President Clinton. That is two Presidents from the other side of the aisle in a row, but no one will address them. Instead, we will cre-ate fear and demagoguery and attack faceless corporations, because faceless corporations don’t have faces, but peo-ple do. We need to stop destroying jobs and opportunity and prosperity through the demagoguery of class warfare, attack-ing corporations, without acknowl-edging that the very people who benefit from their existence are the people who have the opportunity to send their children to college, to make memories on a vacation, to pursue and achieve dreams, to marry the love of their life with the very incomes achieved by these corporations. Now, let’s talk a little bit about cor-porations, because I know something about corporations, and we know some-thing about corporations in Virginia’s Fifth District. Dan River Mills stood in Danville, Virginia—a company started in 1881. It closed its doors in 2006. In 2008, the smokestacks from Dan River Mills that had been a symbol not only of the sky-line of that once thriving town, but also an identifying factor in the land-scape of the city, were torn down as jobs went away. Another corporation, Burlington In-dustries, Klopman Mills, in Pittsylvania County, hurt Virginia, and prospered from 1940 through 2007. When they left, over 1,000 jobs went with them as well. And the real estate for the property that once employed generation after generation, sending innumerable children to college, and fulfilling the humble dreams of work-ing class Virginians, sold for a paltry $750,000. Vaughan-Bassett Furniture—and I would commend to anyone watching at home, the book ‘‘Factory Man,’’ by Beth Macy, which chronicles John Bas-sett, III’s struggle to keep 700 furniture jobs in this country, in my district— that corporation changed people’s lives and gave them jobs. Lane Manufacturing, for generations it was a tradition—in my part of the world, at least—that a young woman, prior to being married, might receive a Lane cedar chest—a hope chest. In fact, no less an iconoclast than Shirley Temple was used to peddle Lane cedar chests as something that would be an aspirational goal for a young, working class woman, as she set forth on pur-suing the dreams of her life. From 1902, until just about 15 or 20 years ago, hun-dreds and hundreds of jobs, in Alta Vista, Campbell County, Virginia, left. Broyhill. So many companies—some still around—all shadows of their former selves, as corporate money and jobs went offshore. And why? Because we have incentivized the de-parture of the very means by which our families have prospered and done so in order to vilify an entity incapable of defending itself, while neglecting to understand that the beneficiaries of the opportunity created thereby were their very neighbors and those who, in their demagoguery, they said they worked to protect. Last year, in Danville, Virginia, the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, who is still there—God bless them—had a cookout for the employees of Good-year Tire, and the family members, thereof, and anybody who had ever worked for Goodyear Tire. They thought maybe there would be 800 or 1,000 people who attended this cookout. By the time it was over with, you couldn’t get a pack of hotdog buns from a Food Lion within 30 miles, be-cause that 1,000 people became 2,000 people, and became 3,000 people, and became nearly 4,000 people. These peo-ple didn’t come to eat a hotdog with Goodyear Tire. They came to eat a hot-dog with their family, their friends, and their community. I stood last week at Piedmont Preci-sion Machine Company, in Danville Pittsylvania. I looked at $1.6 million worth of new equipment that allowed this American small business to con-tinue to compete with competitors abroad. And the rich man, who owned the company, said: T
OM, I am going to have to take a loan to pay my taxes. But if you pass this bill, we will make some money, I will get more equip-ment, and we are going to hire some more people. So understand that people don’t come to eat hot dogs with Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, they come to eat hot dogs with their family mem-bers, their community, and people who have seen generation after generation receive opportunity, by virtue of their hard work, and opportunity provided by the very entities vilified by our op-ponents, without acknowledging the beneficiaries of the opportunity they provide are the very ones they purport to protect. So Piedmont Precision Machine Company toils on. We work to attract more employers in Danville and Pittsylvania, and Henry County, and Martinsville area. Maybe Kyocera is going to come. We hope so. We think that if we get those jobs, we think that we might be able to move manufac-turing jobs in high-tech to southside Virginia from Northern Virginia and California. But what I am hearing from the job creators is they want to see this thing get done. And when those jobs come from California, Northern Virginia, China, and India to Campbell County, Bedford County, Lunenburg County, and Mecklenburg County, it will be because we acted in a brave, bold manner, despite the divisive rhet-oric that denies the reality that people benefit from opportunity, and oppor-tunity is best provided, not by the gov-ernment, but by people of initiative. Now, I have heard so much rhetoric about what you oppose if you support this tax bill, so let’s see if we can’t flip that shoe onto the other foot. If you oppose this bill, you oppose lowering rates for working and middle-income families, while retaining the highest rate. That doesn’t sound like a tax cut for the rich to me. If you oppose this bill, you literally oppose doubling nearly the standard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.121 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9364 November 15, 2017 
deduction from $6,350 to $12,000 for an individual filer; and you oppose, if you oppose this bill, doubling the standard deduction from $12,700 to $24,000 for a married couple. Why would people oppose that? Do they think the government can make better decisions with the money they earn than they can? If you oppose this bill, then you op-pose simplifying the Tax Code by eliminating years of carve-out deduc-tions made for special interests. Quite literally, a convoluted Tax Code benefits who? Tax attorneys and accountants. I suppose that the other side of the Chamber is the party that has a vested interest in keeping tax attorneys and accountants at work. I want to see peo-ple in Mecklenburg County at work. If you oppose this bill, you oppose es-tablishing a family tax credit; you op-pose raising the child credit by $600 per child; and you oppose establishing a new credit of $300 per family member so that you might be able to help your mom, dad, aunt, uncle, or a disabled relative, who you choose to help in your home. Why would people oppose that? If you oppose this bill, you oppose re-ducing small business taxes to the low-est rate since the Second World War. If you oppose this bill, you oppose es-tablishing a super low nonpercent rate for small startup businesses making less than $75,000 a year in income. Why would you oppose startups? If you oppose this bill, you oppose re-moving incentives that drive busi-nesses to take money and jobs over-seas. Don’t talk to me about that. We know something about that in Vir-ginia’s Fifth. So, finally, let me submit this: for the folks at home, who are smart enough to figure this out on their own, if you pay $100 more because a deduc-tion is eliminated and your taxes are cut by $1,000 or more, as would be the case for a family of four making $58,000 a year, that is not a tax increase. b1945 I have never, to my knowledge, other than the United States Army, worked for anything resembling a corporate entity in my life, but I know a lot of human beings who have, and I have seen what happens when we, through our divisive rhetoric, drive them away. This isn’t about corporations. This isn’t about the rich. This is about human beings. I think it was succinctly summa-rized, if perhaps by accident, by my colleague in the other Chamber, Sen-ator S
CHUMER , who said: 
It is our research that indicates that if you pass this, some people’s taxes might go up by 2023. 
Think hard. What that acknowledges is that between now and then, people’s taxes go down. While Mr. Jefferson also said that: 
The fruits of the working class are safest when the assembly is not in session. I would submit that if indeed these problems exist, they should work with us to improve our Tax Code, which hasn’t been touched since I literally weighed 112 pounds and had a full head of hair, and to start being part of the solution and stop being part of the problem. Again, the government depends upon Americans, not Americans upon the government. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, we have heard some compel-ling arguments here on the floor in the last few hours and some important facts have been shared. I appreciate so much the eloquent words of my colleagues from Texas and Kentucky and Virginia and Pennsyl-vania and Florida and all over this great land of ours who have shared with us the importance of this land-mark bill and this historic vote that we will take in this Chamber tomor-row. I just thought there were a few more facts that were important to summa-rize here at the end of our debate this evening. I wanted to quote the U.S. Chamber of Commerce because they looked at this bill and they gave an exhaustive review of this, as so many have. This is their summary: ‘‘The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a growth bill, achieving faster economic growth, encouraging job creation, and getting more money in Americans’ pockets each year.’’ I think that is a pretty good sum-mary of what the bill will do and what it will accomplish. We brought just a couple of graphics here to illustrate the national impact of this landmark reform. When we pass this bill and we get this to the Presi-dent’s desk, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will lead to the creation of an addi-tional 975,000 new full-time jobs across this country. It will raise after-tax income for mid-dle class families by $2,598 each. That is an increase of 4.4 percent. That is real money to families who are strug-gling to make ends meet around this country. It will generate economic growth suf-ficient to increase Federal tax receipts by $1 trillion. That is real money. That is a real boost to the American econ-omy. I brought another graphic here to show what this will mean in my dis-trict, by way of example, in Louisiana. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will mean a whole lot for my State. It will lead to the creation of an addi-tional 13,293 jobs in my State of Lou-isiana alone. Those are good-paying, full-time jobs. It will raise after-tax in-come for middle class families in Lou-isiana by $1,857. That is real money. That will mean a lot to the families in my State. More specifically, let me talk about the Fourth Congressional District in northwest and west Louisiana, 15 par-ishes, about one-third of our State by land area; good, hardworking, God- fearing Americans. Let me tell you what it will mean to the people of Lou-isiana’s Fourth Congressional District. Here are just four highlights. It will be a larger child tax credit. In my dis-trict, there are 53,918 taxpayers who claim the child tax credit every year. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will in-crease the child tax credit from $1,000 per child to $1,600 per child for each of those families. Let me give you another one: the tax relief for small businesses. This is a big thing in my district. 49,929 taxpayers in the Fourth Congressional District of Louisiana have small business income, and that is a business that a taxpayer operates. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act reduces taxes for small-business own-ers. First, the bill implements a new, lower 9 percent tax rate on the first $75,000 of net business income for ac-tive small-business owners earning less than $150,000 through their businesses. That is a whole lot of people, a whole lot of LLCs and small companies in my district. Second, the bill lowers taxes on small business investment by creating a new 25 percent small business tax rate. That is capped at 25 percent. That is a big deal to people who are struggling to make ends meet. Number three, a third feature, the elimination of the alternative min-imum tax, the AMT. 4,049 taxpayers in the Fourth Congressional District of Louisiana are impacted directly by the AMT. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act eliminates that factor. Another one is simpler taxes. Listen to this number: 67,543 taxpayers in the Fourth Congressional District, in my district back home in Louisiana, itemize their taxes. As a result of the near doubling of the standard deduction and other sim-plifications, many taxpayers will have much simpler returns. It is estimated, as we have said so many times tonight, that nine out of ten Americans will be able to file their taxes on a form the size of a postcard. That is a big change and a great simplification for the peo-ple of my district. We owe this to them. I wanted to share a few other facts that I think are important to highlight tonight, Mr. Speaker. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is more than just a win for our American econ-omy. It is a win for our American val-ues. Let me give you a couple examples of that. First, it is a win for free speech. The bill incorporates the language of our Free Speech and Fairness Act, which we filed as a standalone piece of legis-lation earlier this year in February. That will stop the IRS from policing the speech of churches and charitable organizations. That is a huge relief for men and women of faith, in particular, who watched the IRS breathe down the necks of nonprofits and religious enti-ties, threatening to take away their tax-exempt status if they dare talk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.123 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9365 November 15, 2017 
about the moral and social and polit-ical issues of the day. That is a big win for free speech and a big win for them. This bill is also a big win for Amer-ican families. Let me give you a few examples of important features of how this helps the family in this country. The adoption tax credit has been re-stored. This is section 1102 of the bill. Now, this is a critically important thing to advance the policy, to advance and encourage and incentivize adoption in this country. This is something that all of us should agree on. Over 60 percent of adopted children are adopted by middle- and low-income taxpayers in this country. Almost half of the children adopted from foster care live in families with household in-comes at or below 200 percent of the Federal poverty level. Listen to this statistic: a study re-ported by the Federal Children’s Bu-reau showed that the government saves between $65,000 and $127,000 for each child who is adopted rather than placed in long-term foster care. Studies comparing children who re-main in foster care to children who are adopted show that adopted children are 54 percent less likely to be delinquent or arrested, 19 percent less likely to be-come teen parents, and 76 percent more likely to be employed. Can we all agree that the adoption tax credit being restored is an impor-tant part of this bill? I think we can. Here is another way it helps families, Mr. Speaker: the family tax credits. This is something that everybody back home should pay attention to. The child tax credit, section 1202 of the bill, this increases the child tax credit, as I mentioned a moment ago, from $1,000 per child to $1,600 per child. It provides a credit of $300 for each parent and nonchild dependent to help all families with their everyday expenses. The child dependent care tax credit helps families care for their children and other dependents, such as a dis-abled grandparent who may need addi-tional support. Here is another feature: unborn chil-dren are recognized in the 529 edu-cation savings account provisions of the Tax Code. Our tax reform bill al-lows a 529 education savings account to be opened, for the first time, for an un-born child or a child in utero. We rec-ognize the humanity and the sanctity of life of the unborn child. Here is another feature: the marriage penalties are finally removed. For too long, we have effectively penalized married couples in this country simply for being married. Our Tax Cuts and Jobs Act changes that. In most cases, married couples will no longer be pe-nalized just for their choice to be mar-ried. Mr. Speaker, I will close with just a few more remarks. A lot has been said here tonight, more will be said in the morning preceding our vote, but this is a big day for Congress and a big day for the country. It has been over 30 years since we last updated our tax system. For ref-erence, I was in the eighth grade the last time tax reform was accomplished in this Chamber. Many of those enter-ing the workforce weren’t even born yet the last time Congress fulfilled this responsibility. Today, Americans are struggling to make ends meet, to find decent-paying jobs, and to prepare for retirement. We must do right by our children and our grandchildren and give them a bet-ter future than our own. Fortunately, my Republican colleagues and I have put forth a framework to do just that. We have discussed for the last few hours in this Chamber as we have been talking that our plan will create more jobs, fairer taxes, and bigger paychecks for working class Americans and small businesses. When businessowners are able to keep more of their profits, they will in-vest that money in their companies and in their employees, and that will spur economic growth, because they will expand their facilities, they will create and expand new product lines, they will add more jobs, and that is good for all of us. Passing meaningful tax reform isn’t about sticker shock talking points that we have heard so much about. It is about real everyday Americans who want to grow their businesses, offer better wages to their employees, pro-vide for their families, but who have struggled to do so because of our op-pressive and outdated tax policy. Our plan puts Americans first and it offers real relief to those who need it most. The Federal Tax Code today is more than 70,000 pages long. For context, that is more than 60 times longer than the King James Bible, and it contains none of the Good News. It is time to simplify this Code and it is time to unleash the free market in our American economy again. We have that chance. This will be the biggest Christmas gift to the American people in over 3 decades. It is truly historic and it is long overdue. Mr. Speaker, we urge our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on this floor tomorrow. Let’s make history to-gether. Let’s do right by the American people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
CONSEQUENCES OF PASSING THE REPUBLICANS’ TAX PLAN The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OMER ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow we are going to be asked to cast per-haps one of the most important votes that will take place in a career here in the House based on the tax plan that the Republicans have put forward. I say history is important, because this vote is likely to have consequences for years and years and years to come. As I noted earlier tonight, as we look at a million new veterans from the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq who de-serve our care, for those of us who rep-resent soldiers’ homes and hospitals for the VA, we know just how important this is. We know what happens to Alz-heimer’s patients who are going to lose the deduction on healthcare. We know what is going to happen to those stu-dents who currently write off parts of their student loans through interest deductions. We know the assessed tax that is going to go on places like the University of Notre Dame and others. We also understand that the home-owner deduction, the mortgage interest deduction, which is a huge middle class benefit, is about to be taken away arbi-trarily. State and local taxes, in some cases sales taxes, are about to be abolished all based upon the premise of maybe there will be enough economic growth. There is no evidence, based on the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 or the repatri-ation that took place in 2004, that any of this is accurate, but they continue to proceed. The next part of the challenge is they have now substituted the old supply side economics theory—remember tax cuts pay for themselves—and they have come up with a new term, and the new term that they have come up with is ‘‘dynamic scoring.’’ So we have the challenge of tech-nology, we have the challenge of globalization, and, yes, we have the challenge of skill set across America to move people into a direction of em-ployment where they and their skills might be aligned with the jobs that are open, because the Department of Labor this week said there are 6 million jobs in America that go unanswered, 18,000 precision manufacturing jobs in New England that go unanswered, and 1 mil-lion tech jobs. b2000 So we should be using this oppor-tunity to invest in vocational edu-cation; we should be using it to invest in internship programs; and, yes, we should be using it to invest in commu-nity colleges. So part of this discussion should be based on, again, the historic vote of long-term investment. Now, we also know that is unlikely to happen because, when people have a chance to look at these distribution ta-bles on these tax cuts as to who gets what, they are going to be furious. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Napa, California (Mr. THOMPSON ), and then the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. L
ARSON ) will be acknowl-edged right after that. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. It is not often that I come down and participate in these Special Orders, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.125 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9366 November 15, 2017 
I have got to tell you I was in my office watching the previous speakers, and I started to get a little queasy from the spin that they were providing from the floor, talking about what they say this bill will do. I can tell you that there were a lot of inaccuracies in some of the things that they were trying to convince the American people that they would benefit from this. As Mr. N
EALsaid, this bill, this vote, is an important vote. This is going to be around a long time. Numerous speakers today have mentioned the fact that the last time we did major tax reform, a major tax overhaul, was over 30 years ago. So if that is any in-dication, we are going to be living with the consequences of this bill for a long time, and I don’t think those con-sequences are anything to be proud of. We heard repeatedly that this bill is not going to help at all the wealthiest people in the country, and you just can’t help but laugh. The last speaker came out and stated that this does away with the alter-native minimum tax. The alternative minimum tax was put in place to en-sure that the wealthiest of taxpayers actually pay taxes because they were able to escape paying taxes, so that is why the alternative minimum tax came into play. They are the ones who pay this tax, so if you do away with it, I don’t see how you can, with a straight face, say that this doesn’t help wealthy Americans. Inheritance tax was talked about a lot. As a matter of fact, it was a very dishonest discussion. They kept refer-ring to it as the ‘‘death tax.’’ We have heard this ad nauseam. We heard it in committee. We hear it on the floor. We have heard it for the past few years. This has been a very clever campaign on the other side’s part to discredit the inheritance tax. If you open the Code, the Tax Code, there is nothing in the Code that says the death tax. It doesn’t exist. It is not real. It is made up. It is fiction. We heard some very compelling argu-ments about how farmers will lose their farms if they don’t do away with the death tax. There is no such thing as a death tax. We heard repeatedly that, after somebody dies, it is unfair to make them pay taxes. I am here to tell you, after you die, you will never have to pay taxes. The inheritance tax refers to inher-ited wealth. If I inherit money from my parents, then I am taxed on that wealth that I inherit. And there is a provision in the law that says the first $11 million doesn’t get touched, so it has got to be a pretty huge estate be-fore you even pay any taxes on it. If there was all this concern about losing the family farm, then the Re-publicans should have taken up my bill, a bill that I have had for a number of years with absolutely no support from the Republican side of the aisle, that says, if you inherit the family farm or a family business and you con-tinue to farm it or you continue to run the business, you are deferred from paying any inheritance tax. Now, if you inherit it and sell it and take the money and move to a beach in Hawaii, then you would pay a tax on that in-herited wealth. So this is subterfuge, at best. It is dishonesty, at worst. The last speaker said that American families are big winners in this bill. Well, I don’t know whose American family he was talking about. Mr. N
EAL was right when he said American families had a chance to be big winners if we had used this oppor-tunity to invest in workers, invest in training, invest in community colleges, create jobs, create opportunities, build this tax reform from the middle class, the working class out. But, instead, we didn’t do that. We didn’t even talk about it. We didn’t talk about it because we didn’t have a single hearing on one of the most im-portant bills that we will cast a vote on in our time in Congress. We didn’t hear from one expert witness. They dropped this bill, written in se-cret. As a matter of fact, many of our Republican colleagues were com-plaining that they didn’t get a chance to see what was in the bill. They dropped this on us at the last minute. We could have worked with them. We could have addressed some of these issues. We could have figured out how to invest in the American worker. We could have figured out how to make in-vestments that created jobs. But, no, we didn’t get to do that because we didn’t have any hearings. It was writ-ten in the middle of the night, in a dark room someplace way out of our wheelhouse. They said they had to do this because the Tax Code was too big, and I agree with them. I think it is too big. I think it does need to be reformed. But the fact of the matter is, and Joint Tax testified on this, if their bill is passed and signed into law, it won’t do away with a single chapter of the Tax Code, but, instead, it will add one more to it. So this is literally making the Tax Code bigger. And I want to know who those Amer-ican families are who some of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle claim will be helped by this, because this is what I see in reading this and reading the analyses from different ex-perts. If someone in your family has Alz-heimer’s, you will pay more because they are going to take away the med-ical expense deduction that you now can take advantage of. Low-income folks with kids, you are going to pay more when you are ex-cluded from the child tax credit. If you are a teacher, dedicated to your students and to their well-being and you take money out of your own pocket to buy pencils, supplies, and things for your classroom, today you get a deduction for that because we know how important education is. But under this bill, you will pay more be-cause they are taking that deduction away, too. We just heard from a veteran on the other side who said how great this is for veterans. Well, let me tell you, if you are a veteran and you get your duty station reassigned and you have to go someplace else and the house you have to sell in your first duty station, if you haven’t lived in it for 8 years, you are going to be taxed on any profit from that. So if you are a veteran and you get transferred, you are not going to benefit from this. You are going to lose. Do you have a student loan? And we all know how expensive those are these days. If you do, you are going to pay more because they are taking away your ability to deduct the interest pay-ment on your student loan. Do you own a home? If you do, you will pay more when they limit the mortgage deduction, mortgage interest deduction. By the way, as we heard in com-mittee during the markup on this bill, this could actually decrease the value of your home by 10 percent. Now, tell me how that helps working class, mid-dle class families to say, all that money that you have been saving by buying your home, we are going to take 10 percent away from the value of that? That certainly doesn’t create a big win for American families. Are you in the middle class, that big win for American families, those mid-dle class families? Because the analysis says that 36 million middle class fami-lies are going to see a tax hike in this bill. Do you deduct your State and local taxes? Well, if you do, you are going to pay more because you are going to lose that deduction, too. Do you care about infrastructure in-vestments in your community? I had a visit yesterday from the head of the San Francisco airport. He came in because of this bill. I don’t represent San Francisco, but he came in to see me because I am a member of this com-mittee, and he knew we were going to be taking this bill up. They have a tremendous amount of infrastructure investment pending. They do it with the bonds that will be disallowed under this bill, the same, similar type of action that they are going to do in regard to low-income housing. In my State, we need housing badly, and we are able to build low-income housing by using those bonds that are made available in our Tax Code. That goes away. That hurts homes. That hurts people who want to move into homes. And I will tell you, in my district, it is a particularly raw subject right now because in one of my counties, Sonoma County, we had a 2 percent vacancy rate in residential housing about a month ago. And about a month ago now, we had the worst fire in California history. In Sonoma County, it wiped 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.127 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9367 November 15, 2017 
out 5 percent of the residential housing stock. There were about 9,000 homes, total, in the fire that were destroyed, homes in Sonoma, homes in Napa, homes in Lake, homes in Mendocino, homes in Butte, homes down in south-ern California, and that just further de-teriorated the housing shortage prob-lem that we face. So to take away abil-ity to construct new, low-income hous-ing hurts. But I think what hurt even more is, in this bill, they took away the ability for individuals and families, those mid-dle class families that they are talking about helping, they took away their ability to write off their losses due to a disaster. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. NEAL. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. How did they do that? Mr. THOMPSON of California. I don’t know how they did that. I don’t know why they would do that. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Why would they do that? In the face of these fires and in the face of so many in Cali-fornia understanding that impact, why is it that they did this? Mr. THOMPSON of California. Well, that is—I wish I could say that is the $64 million question, but, sadly, it is going to cost taxpayers a lot more than $64 million when all is said and done. It is a mystery to me. I asked the chairman, who wrote the bill, during the committee markup, why he would do that, and he had no response. He said: Well, we are going to fix it. We are going to make it better. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Were there any hearings? Mr. THOMPSON of California. There were no hearings. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. So there have been no hearings. Mr. THOMPSON of California. No hearings, and they didn’t fix it. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. They didn’t fix it. And yet here we are, on the verge of voting on a bill that will impact 100 percent of the economy and 100 percent of the Tax Code. No hearings? Mr. THOMPSON of California. No hearings. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. N
EAL, you suggested in the process, at the outset, that this was a missed op-portunity, and then you went back and gave a historic tutorial on how we got here. How is it that we got here and ar-rived here with no public hearings and no expert testimony? Mr. NEAL. The summary of this tax bill was published last Thursday. We did a walk-through on Monday. We only had a chance to respond to the bill, or the chairman’s mark on Friday. And then on Monday, we did a walk- through. Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday morning, we did the markup. Not one hearing. And recall that, in the last moments of the markup, we were handed a man-ager’s amendment. We had 20 minutes to react to the manager’s amendment, so no hearings. And compare that with 1986, which everybody heralds now, as the great moment of Reagan and O’Neill and Rostenkowski and Gephardt and Brad-ley, 450 witnesses, 30 public hearings. The Secretary of the Treasury sat through the markup. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. In your history of serving on this committee— and we are joined by Mr. LEVIN and Mr. K
INDand Mr. W ELCH . And, Mr. L
EVIN, I have to ask you this, too. In your serving on this com-mittee, has there ever been a bill of this magnitude or proportion that has been brought out without a public hearing, without expert witnesses? Mr. T
HOMPSON had a raging fire in his district that we heard him, from his own lips, what it did and how it dev-astated Sonoma and Napa Valley, and no hearings. Is there a precedent for this? Mr. NEAL. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN). b2015 Mr. LEVIN. I don’t think so. Mr. N
EALhas spelled out, and you have, the atrocious approach here. So I think we can sum it up. The process has been terrible. The product is worse. That is what happens when you have a very terrible process, you get a frightfully bad product. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, Mr. K
INDstood up earlier and talked about the fact that the other side, who claim to be deficit hawks, all of a sudden, they are an endangered species. I don’t know if the gentleman from Wisconsin wants to expand upon that and further ask the gentleman from California. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, let me just thank the gen-tleman for drawing attention to the terrible fires that did so much damage in my home State, and the fact that they took the deduction for these types of disasters away from the American people. But I don’t want anybody to think it is just about fires, nor is it just about my State. They took away this provision in the Tax Code for anybody who has a dis-aster from now on. If it is a mudslide, an earthquake, a fire, any disaster, you will not be able to claim that deduc-tion. And to add insult to injury, the chairman grandfathered in the hurri-cane victims in his own district. I will just say one more thing. If this isn’t all bad enough, everybody should know that all of these costs that we have talked about are bad enough, but there is one cost in here that is crip-pling, and it is crippling to our chil-dren and our grandchildren, and that is the fact that this bill is not paid for, and it adds $2.3 trillion—that is trillion with a T—to our national debt, and that is going to be passed right along to our children, right along to our grandchildren, and that is going to hurt us in the years to come. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, could I just ask for the gen-tleman to clarify something? You said earlier that you came down here, and you rarely come down here. This is a Special Order. The reason that you are here, the reason that Mr. DAVIS is here, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. L EVIN, and reason that Mr. N
EAL, Mr. K IND, and myself are all here is because we haven’t had the opportunity to have a hearing and have expert witnesses. Have you had any expert witness? Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, there have been no hearings on this bill, there have been no expert witnesses. The only help that we have gotten are from the outside organiza-tions and the universities that crunched these numbers to be able to give us some glimpse of what is going to happen and the benefit of some anal-ysis from the Joint Tax staff, but there have been no hearings, there have been no experts, nobody from our district who lives and breathes this, no one from our districts who are going to be impacted by this. This was done from the top down and crammed through in the most bastardized system that I have ever seen in my years here. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. K
IND). Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I think my good friend and colleague from Cali-fornia is raising a very important point, and it is a point that all of us here this evening on the Ways and Means Committee, with the leadership of Mr. N
EALfrom Massachusetts, have been raising for some time. Doing tax reform right is tough. There are a lot of moving pieces to it, and there are a lot of traps and unin-tended consequences if you do it the wrong way. Not having one hearing, not having proper vetting, not taking the time to listen to people back home in our respective States and districts about the consequences of something that is going to affect every American life in this country is legislative mal-practice, and that is what we are on the verge of committing leading up to tomorrow’s vote. My friend from California mentioned the $2.3 trillion in additional debt over the next 10 years by the time you add in the interest payments and how dev-astating that will be, and it is hap-pening at the wrong time. I mean, we might have gotten away with that with the 1981 tax cuts that weren’t paid for back then because there was a little bit of time to recover 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.128 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9368 November 15, 2017 
from a big fiscal mistake, and from 2001, 2003. We have run out of time as a nation, with 70 million baby boomers beginning their massive retirement, 10,000 a day joining Social Security and Medicare. But their entire theory is premised on the fact that over two-thirds of the tax cut will be going to large corpora-tions under their bill of this illusory growth that is going to come from it. Part of that is based on this tax holi-day, they call it deemed repatriation, where these multinational companies are going to be able to bring dollars back into America at a much lower rate and supposedly reinvesting here that is going to promote growth. But there was a recent survey by Bank of America and Merrill Lynch of 300 executives of some of the largest U.S. multinational companies asking them what they would do with this deemed repatriated money coming back to the country. Their number one response was paying down debt. Rein-vesting in their company, reinvesting in research and development, investing in more jobs and good-paying jobs bare-ly registered in that survey. But this should not come as a sur-prise. It is not like we haven’t been down this road before. We tried a repa-triation bill back in the early 2000s, where these companies were able to bring back a ton of money, and what they used it for was dividend give-outs and stock buybacks. Yet they are re-fusing to learn the lessons of the past and going on this theory of an illusory growth that none of the major econo-mists see under this tax bill, and it is a huge fiscal gamble that I think is going to leave us in the same place as the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts, which was one of the worst decades when it came to job growth in our country. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman. Mr. THOMPSON of California. The gentleman is absolutely correct. Thank you for pointing that out. Mr. NEAL. I yield to Mr. D
AVIS to talk about historic tax credits. I know Mr. L
IPINSKI is here from Chicago as well to talk about new markets, and then we can talk, as Mr. K
INDdid, about the retirement crisis that is coming, and we can just yield back and forth to make sure that people under-stand the totality of what is being asked in this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. N
EALfor not only yielding to me, but for the tremendous leadership that he has provided throughout this process. Mr. Speaker, as I listen, there is no doubt in my mind that the vote we will take tomorrow is going to be one of the most important votes that I will ever take as a Member of Congress. It is im-portant because I know that it will af-fect, in one way or the other, every cit-izen of this country. As I listened to the debate over the last 2 days, I know that America is at a great crossroads, and that we can ei-ther go forward or we can go back-wards. We can go forward into a new era of job creation, supporting education for all, and keeping the greatest level of healthcare that this country has ever known. Or we can go backwards, backwards with Marie Antoinette-type tax policy that takes opportunity and bread from the middle class, and then say: Let them eat cake. Or we can go forward with a more eq-uitable tax plan, one that promotes in-frastructure protection and develop-ment by keeping the provisions for State and local deductions, which ev-erybody knows will create jobs, jobs, and jobs. We can go forward by making sure that the access we currently have to quality healthcare will continue. I hear many people talking about what we will get from H.R. 1, what I call the Republican Marie Antoinette tax bill. But let me just mention some of what we will not get that we already have. Teachers will not get the ability to write off the $250 that they spend out of their pockets for materials and supplies for their students. Students will lose $65 billion in Federal funds to help make college more affordable. Senior citizens, as we have already heard, with Alzheimer’s will lose the ability to write off high medical costs. Student loan interest can no longer be used. Cities like mine; like Philadelphia; like Detroit; like Gary, Indiana; cities all over the country will not be able to make use of the new market tax cred-its to rebuild slum and blighted areas. Many of those areas have been laying fallow for 50 and 60 years, where there used to be thriving communities. His-torical buildings will be left standing because the tax credits to restore them will no longer be available, losing the opportunity to create jobs and work opportunities for people who are unem-ployed. Under the bill, any way that you cut it, the middle class will lose and the special interests and the wealthy will again win. I know that we are again being sold the idea of what I call trickle-down ec-onomics. Feed those at the top, and crumbs will trickle down to all the rest of society, even though study after study has shown that this does not work. It is nothing more than a theory, far from any basis of truth. I think that we have no choice. When I hear these kinds of discussions, I think of all kinds of things. But I guess what I think most is something that Billie Holiday wrote and sang. She said: ‘‘Momma may have, papa may have, but God bless the child that has got his own.’’ And she said: ‘‘Rich rela-tions give crusts of bread and such. You can help yourself, but don’t take too much.’’ So if you are waiting for something to trickle down, you better remember what she said: ‘‘ . . . God bless the child that has got his own.’’ One thing that each one of us has is the ability to vote, and I will vote to-morrow. And I will make sure that when I vote, I will vote to represent the thousands and thousands of middle class families who need to have hope, who need to have faith, and who need to believe that when we sing the song ‘‘My Country, ‘Tis of Thee,’’ that we are singing about them, too. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. NEAL for yielding. Mr. NEAL. I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. K
IND). Mr. KIND. I appreciate the remarks of my friend from Chicago. He rep-resents a large urban district. I rep-resent a large rural district in Wis-consin. He may be a Bears fan, and I might be a Packers fan, but one thing we agree on is this a bill of goods for both of our constituencies. I am especially concerned about the economic impact in the large rural congressional district that I represent where production agriculture is still an important part of our economy. Some of the changes that they are making are going to be devastating to family farmers. They are taking away the 199 tax deduction, which is as im-portant for our domestic manufactur-ers as it is for our family farmers. If you want to grow things and in-vent things and create things, make things in America, the 199 has a proven track record of making it easier for our farmers and manufacturers to do it. Under their bill, that goes away. That operating loss carryback, which is important for a lot of farmers in order to recoup some of the losses that they have experienced in their busi-ness, it goes away. Like-kind exchanges for property and heavy machinery in farm country goes away. A lot of my farmers are oper-ating on a margin right now. I am con-cerned about the impact this is going to have on the rural economy and our family farmers with what they are pro-posing. You don’t have to be from a city or from a rural district to understand that, again, the work wasn’t put into this bill to understand the real con-sequences of what they are asking for. It is not too late. We can still regroup and work in the bipartisan fashion that tax reform was meant to occur and fig-ure out a way to truly simplify, make us more competitive, but make it fair for working families, small businesses, and family farmers in all of our dis-tricts, rather than this rush to judg-ment just so they can score a political win before the end of the year. b2030 So I think the points that my friend from Chicago raised are very valid, and it is something that I would hope all of us would heed before we reach our final decision tomorrow morning. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, the one thing that I like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.130 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9369 November 15, 2017 
about the Packers is that the people own them. Mr. KIND. Amen. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, forgive me for being from New England. I will leave that alone. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
ARSON ). Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this committee and also for the tutorial that he gave us earlier today about how we got to this spot. I think it is important because, for most Americans listening out there, what you are witnessing is the tyranny of the majority. What I mean by that is, when the minority doesn’t get an opportunity to bring forth witnesses, to have hearings—and you heard Mr. N
EALtalk about the more than 30 hear-ings in the committee, the more than 12 subcommittee hearings, the 450-plus experts that we never got to hear from—you understand the position that we find ourselves in. As I said earlier, this impacts 100 per-cent of our economy and 100 percent of our people. We all swear an oath of al-legiance to the Constitution, but ap-parently on the other side, they swear an oath of allegiance to Grover Norquist because that is more impor-tant than fulfilling our constitutional responsibility and going through reg-ular order and having the experts. It is more important to take a pledge to Mr. Norquist and pass something po-litically in as pure a bare-knuckle way as you possibly can without any amendments being made in order and rushing the bill to the floor in haste, without any concern for the ramifica-tions that it has other than fulfilling a pledge to Mr. Norquist, and also a pledge, as we have heard from some of their Members, to their donor base. That is what has frustrated us on this side of the aisle. I think Mr. N
EAL said it very clearly, we had a missed opportunity here. Mr. K
INDmentioned that we still have that opportunity. If there are enough people on that side of the aisle—and we know there are. We know regionally, as Mr. K
INGand Mr. Z
ELDIN have said, that this tax bill rep-resents the greatest shift that we have seen in wealth in this country from the middle class of the Northeast and West Coast to the rest of the country. It is unconscionable that this would take place under the guise of trying to say that you are providing middle class tax relief. I went to the commissioner of rev-enue services in the State of Con-necticut and asked: How will this im-pact our citizens? It represents an in-crease in taxes for the middle class, not this so-called tax cut that the other side has perpetrated. I want to point out this claw that ex-ists within here. Because even for those States, red State or blue State, where you think you might receive a de mini-mis tax cut today, it is clawed back within 5 years because they put some-thing in the Code, commonly referred to as a ‘‘chained CPI.’’ And that has dire ramifications. Mr. LEVIN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. NEAL. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I wanted to ask you to yield just at this moment. The gentleman talked about a tax cut for the middle class. The problem with this terrible process is there isn’t time enough to challenge those who say something that is false. I just want to read again what the Speaker said relat-ing to your point. He said this: ‘‘The focus is on middle class tax relief. The focus is on direct-ing that tax relief to the people in the middle and the people who are trying to get there.’’ This bill is the opposite. As we dis-cussed with our ranking member at the markup, and we challenged it, the Joint Tax said to us: Well, I think—and we will show this to you—that there are going to be millions of people in the middle class who, in subsequent years, will have their taxes increased, not decreased. Millions. When we asked about the pass-through—picking up on the gentle-man’s point about the middle class—he pointed to tables which showed that the vast majority of the moneys that are going to go through passthroughs, that are going to get some tax help, the vast majority are for very wealthy people. While we don’t have the final figures, it is likely that 85 to 90 percent is going to go to the very wealthy. I think so much of what they have said is so untrue. They say that neces-sity is the mother of invention. In this case, necessity, their political neces-sity, has been the mother of deception. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I continue to yield to the gentleman from Con-necticut. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan. He is absolutely right. I want to also point out that we did ask Mr. Barthold, the Chief of Staff for the Joint Committee on Taxation, about this tax and what its ramifica-tions are. I asked him: Will this fall un-evenly as we have seen across the Northeast and as we have seen across the West Coast? The response was: It is not possible to say that in all cases—meaning all 50 States—that these taxpayers will have lower total income tax liability under H.R. 1 than under the present law. Why? Because they are not going to be al-lowed to take the deductions they nor-mally get. In the State of Connecticut, 41 percent of our citizens utilize and itemize their deductions under the code that they have been able to do since 1913 and its inception. Why is this important? Well, we have heard Mr. B
RADY say— after everyone gets up and speaks, he talks about what is going on in their district in an overgeneralized manner. So I asked Joint Tax: What would it be for a couple in West Hartford with a child in college? They own a home and have a com-bined income of $125,000. Under the Re-publican plan, they would see a $767 tax increase in 2018, and they would see more than a $1,667 tax increase in 2023, when the family credit expires, a point Mr. NEALhas made repeatedly. Tax cuts are made permanent for cor-porations and the wealthy. The wealthy get the alternative minimum tax and they get the estate tax and they are made permanent. For those of you who may think you are even going to get a tax cut, the Norquist clawback provision, under something we referred to as ‘‘chained CPI,’’ takes it away after the fifth year. So we find ourselves in this god-awful position without public hearings and without the ability to call expert wit-nesses and to only have a back-and- forth between Democrats and Repub-licans. The Republicans need a political win. That is probably true. But who really needs to win here are the American people. The American people expect more of us. That is why this is a loss possibility and why we ought to be re-grouping and taking this back up, be-cause, as Mr. K
INDsays, there still is time. How can you turn your backs on your fellow Republicans in New York, in New Jersey, in Pennsylvania? How can you do this to these people without any kind of public hearing or public wit-nesses or experts to talk about what the calamity will be? How about their commissioners of revenue services coming in and going over and exam-ining just how these taxes will impact on them? That is not going to happen, unfortu-nately. This is being jammed down our throats. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I want to ask Mr. W
ELCH , who made it to Vermont via Springfield, who has a longstanding interest in higher edu-cation—maybe he could talk about parts of Vermont that are very rural and also link it to that whole notion of higher education in the State of Vermont. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I would be glad to. Just by way of introduction, I thank the ranking member for his lead-ership. As the gentleman said, the biggest challenge we face in this country—and it is not a Democrat or Republican issue—is that wages have been stag-nant for Americans for 20 years. They haven’t had a pay raise. That is a huge challenge because the American Dream has always been premised on the fact that our parents have made an econ-omy that has provided more oppor-tunity for their kids. Wages are flat. America hasn’t had a pay raise in 20 years. So the funda-mental question for me on a tax bill is whether that tax bill will increase op-portunity for hardworking Americans. And it doesn’t matter where they are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.132 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9370 November 15, 2017 
from, rural or urban. It doesn’t matter what their race is. It doesn’t matter what their gender or their sexual ori-entation is. Most Americans want to work and they want to take care of the people they love and they want to have an opportunity. This tax bill comes up real short. By the way, I want to be somewhat self- critical of the Democrats. We haven’t been where we have needed to be, of-tentimes, which is for hardworking Americans, but I think we are solidly where we need to be on this tax bill. Mr. Speaker, I will give the gen-tleman a couple of examples in explicit response to his question. I went out to a school that provided training for young Vermont men and women who wanted to become welders. That is a great job. They get out of school and they get a job that pays them good wages. They have got to borrow money in order to do that. In some cases, they have an employer who pays their tuition. Under this tax bill, that young woman or that young man who gets tuition assistance from his or her employer has to declare that as income and pay taxes on it. That is an opportunity tax. A lot of those folks have borrowed money. We have got a wonderful Vermont Student Assistance Corporation program. It doesn’t matter whether you are a Re-publican child or a Democratic child, you get low interest loans. They have lost their tax deduction. This is when they are beginning their career, so their income is not great, and they are trying to pay their bills, maybe get a condominium; maybe, if they are really lucky, get a house. They have got to pay more taxes as a result of this bill. The other thing is private activity bonds. This is unbelievable because what those bonds are—I didn’t know much about this before I came to Con-gress—but it is a benefit where there can be an opportunity to borrow money from the private market, by the way, in order to provide low interest rates. The people who buy these bonds get the benefit of a tax deduction in order to provide a continuing benefit to lower interest rates for kids who are trying to get a welding degree or a commu-nity college degree or a higher edu-cation degree. We are taking that away. We are tak-ing away opportunity. We are imposing a big tax on the opportunity for young women and men in Vermont. There is not a single Republican who would want to do that. But we don’t have an opportunity in this bill to propose an amendment, to say: Hey, wait a minute. We made a mistake on this provision because we don’t want the would-be welders in Alabama, the would-be welders in Texas, the would- be welders in Vermont to have to pay more in order to develop a skill that is really essential to making those joints on our bridges and doing the things that we need to rebuild our cities. We are not allowed an opportunity to propose an amendment where every single American would know whether your Representative wanted to impose an opportunity tax on that student who wants to become a welder. Where is the democracy in this? Where is the transparency in this? That is what really is heartache for me. As Chairman Neal knows, we grew up in the same city and it was rough and tumble, working class, proud peo-ple, and ethnic. b2045 We played hard in sports, and we bat-tled all the time. But we had a kind of common pride in the value of work. We saw how hard our parents worked. We didn’t necessarily notice that when we should have when we were younger. But as we grew up, we really were stunned at the kind of commitment they had to rebuilding the city that we were in and the gentleman became mayor of. We became so appreciative of the opportunity they gave us. I grew up in a family of six kids, and how my parents did it in a small house with four bedrooms and sharing a bed-room, we didn’t know. It was only after the fact that we became aware of how wonderful this opportunity was that they gave us and the sacrifices that they made. Isn’t it our job in this House of Rep-resentatives to give everybody the same opportunity to the experience that Mr. N
EALhad, that Mr. L IPINSKI  had, and that I had? That was on the shoulders of parents who sacrificed for our benefit. So the bottom line for me on this tax bill is whether it enhances the oppor-tunity of every American striver, every American who wants to become better, more contributing, more of an active citizen, more of an accomplished adult, and more of a contributor to our work-force. Does this bill help them achieve that or does it impede them from doing that? When I look just at one specific pro-vision where we say that students are going to have to pay taxes on the inter-est that they pay on their student loan or when a student who earns, in fact, a scholarship or a fellowship to go ad-vance their higher education and they have to pay income tax on that, I am truly horrified because this country— and this is not a Republican-Demo-cratic deal—is all based on the opti-mism that, if we give people oppor-tunity, it will benefit all of us. It will benefit that individual who is there to seize that opportunity and make the best of what they can do and, there-fore, build the country. So, Mr. Speaker, I really appreciate the ranking member’s efforts on this. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Vermont. It was a very nice description of our hometown, Springfield, Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Chicago, Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ), who is a good friend to all of us here. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. N
EAL, the ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee, for all his work. I want to talk tonight from the per-spective of Blue Dog Democrats. Now, clearly, we all know—and Mr. WELCH very eloquently talked about the needs of the middle class and peo-ple who are struggling—it is far past time that we reform the Tax Code by making it simpler, closing loopholes, and lowering rates. However, this bill that we are going to be voting on to-morrow is certainly not the answer for the middle class. Now, it didn’t have to be this way. Throughout the year, I heard from Re-publican lawmakers and from the White House about the benefits of cre-ating a bipartisan tax reform plan. As the policy co-chair of the Blue Dog Co-alition representing modern Demo-crats, I coordinated the coalition’s cre-ation of key principles needed for a permanent, bipartisan tax reform bill. Our reform principles called for the fol-lowing: First, tax reform must be passed with an open, bipartisan process and through regular order. Second, tax reform must be credibly revenue neutral and should not use un-realistic economic growth projections to offset the costs of tax reform or tax relief. Third, American companies need a more competitive corporate tax rate and structure in order to maintain their ability to compete globally. Con-gress must also account for the needs of small businesses when it comes to setting tax rates. Fourth, and most importantly, the middle class must be the priority in this tax bill. Fifth, Congress should use tax reform to address the funding challenges for the highway trust fund. Taken together, I think most people would say that this is a good, sound set of principles; but, disappointingly, H.R. 1 fails to meet these criteria. First, this bill is not bipartisan. The Blue Dogs met with the Treasury Sec-retary, the Director of the National Economic Council, as well as the chair-man of the committee. We were told that they wanted this to be a bipar-tisan bill. But the bill was passed in committee less than a week after it was intro-duced and less than a day—even less than that—after last-minute changes were made by the chairman. The com-mittee voted down every Democratic amendment on a party-line vote, and 1 week later, this bill is being brought to the floor with no amendments allowed. This is clearly not bipartisan, and it is tough to argue that this is an open process of regular order where Mem-bers get to participate in the process. But what about the contents of the bill? First, it is not revenue neutral. We were told that this bill would be rev-enue neutral using dynamic scoring, that is, when considering additional revenue that will be raised from in-creased economic growth because of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.133 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9371 November 15, 2017 
the tax cuts. Some dismiss dynamic scoring out of hand, but I believe that it can be legitimate. But as we were about to vote on the bill, even the idea of having an official dynamic score of this bill before voting on it seems to have completely disappeared. What we do know is that the non-partisan Joint Committee on Taxation says it will add nearly $1.5 trillion plus interest to our debt, which is currently $20 trillion and growing. The one rough dynamic score that has been produced by the rightwing Tax Foundation shows that this bill, as originally in-troduced, would still add over $1 tril-lion to our debt. The new debt is not even used to put the needs of middle class Americans first. The bulk of the benefits from the bill favor businesses and corporations rather than individual taxpayers. The Tax Policy Center estimates that families would only get the ben-efit of about one-third of the tax cuts offered by the bill, with corporations and other businesses getting twice as much. This is because of the unbal-anced way in which business tax rates are lowered with relatively few cuts to corporate deductions. But as we have heard many of our speakers talk about all of the deduc-tions, they are going to hurt middle class Americans as they try to deal with growing expenses for healthcare, education, and childcare. Of course, true tax reform can alter some of these provisions in order to simplify the Tax Code. But we must make sure that, at the end of the day, middle class families’ pocketbooks are not harmed by the changes that we make. While many tout that this bill dou-bles the standard deduction, it is im-portant to understand that it also eliminates personal exemptions. This means that families with children or other dependents may be worse off. There are other examples of deduc-tions lost that will negatively impact middle class families. We have heard many of them, including the medical expense deduction. That means that families with very high expenses, such as long-term care for extraordinary ill-nesses, will pay higher tax bills. The bill also makes student loan bor-rowers pay new taxes on the loan inter-est they pay. The list goes on. One particularly contentious part of this bill is that it severely curtails the deduction individual taxpayers take for State and local taxes paid. Sup-porters of this idea claim that this de-duction is an unfair subsidy from the Federal Government to high-tax cities and States, but in my own State of Illi-nois where taxpayers will get hit hard by this, we already get only 79 cents back from the Federal Government for every dollar we contribute in taxes. Taking away the State and local tax deduction will only make this discrep-ancy worse. Now, one particularly troubling as-pect of this bill is that, while it adds some new incentives to make it easier to raise children and support families, these incentives expire after 5 years, even as provisions that primarily ben-efit high-income taxpayers and cor-porations are made permanent. When analyzed as a whole, the non-partisan Tax Policy Center predicts that any tax relief some middle class families might receive from this bill will disappear over time. Yet families in the top of 1 percent and even the top one-tenth of 1 percent will not only see immediate relief, but even larger re-turns in the long run. Finally, this bill does nothing to ad-dress a major tax issue that our Nation faces: the fact that the highway trust fund that pays for Federal roads and transit projects is taking more and more money every year out of general revenue. We need to fix the highway trust fund, and if we did that here, we could also start finally doing some of those trillion-dollar infrastructure projects that the President keeps talk-ing about. So, once again, in this bill, the House is choosing to pursue a needlessly par-tisan, closed process for major legisla-tion with wide-ranging impacts and enormous price tags. I really urge my colleagues to change course. Pursue a truly bipartisan reform so that we do well by American families and busi-nesses that need Congress to act on this critical issue. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Mem-ber N
EALfor all his work on this. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 1
1⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, let me thank Mr. L
IPINSKI and the group that is assembled here tonight. I want to en-courage the American people to pay at-tention beginning again tomorrow morning at 9 o’clock when we are going to finish the debate on this legislation. I hope that as they pay attention to it they will consider what a missed op-portunity this was, a reminder that one of the most complex pieces of legisla-tion offered in the years I have been here had no public hearings. Not one witness was summonsed to give advice on a tax bill of this consequence. It has been advertised as a middle class tax cut. I can assure you that 36 million Americans are going to pay more when this is done. Also, another reminder to pay close attention to is that our friends down the hallway in the Senate are going to include an end to the mandate, which is the glue that holds together the Af-fordable Care Act, in a further effort to take away health insurance from 13 million people to pay for a tax cut. This could have been done together, Democrats and Republicans. We want-ed to do it. We were shut out of this process from day one. Remember, this legislation was offered last Thursday. A manager’s mark was published Fri-day. We went to markup on Monday, and we were done on Thursday. There was no opportunity for us to partici-pate. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
TAX REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I want to do actually two or three things specifically tonight. One is walk through a bunch of data on why the tax reform proposal is actually just sort of crucial to our society and where we are going and, number two, actually walk through some impressions of being one of the new members on Ways and Means. I have been here in the U.S. House; now I am in my seventh year here. I have only been on the Ways and Means Committee now for a year. It has been one of the most fascinating experiences of my life because of the number of meetings, the diving into data, the ability to sort of make things mesh to-gether and make the math work, with an understanding of how serious this is. The problem is, in the somewhat toxic partisan environment we are in right now, I know there are some of my friends on the other side who are really uncomfortable with the idea of Repub-licans having a win. b2100 I know there are others who are con-stantly looking for what the partisan wedge is. I am going to ask, at least for just a couple of moments, that we sort of think through something altogether. We are going to walk through some of these boards. If you see this one right here, this is with the borrowing from all the trust funds. But our coun-try is already 105 percent of debt. If you add up the publicly held debt and that from borrowing from the trust funds, it is over 105 percent of debt to GDP. Lots and lots of economists get real-ly nervous when you start to say: Hey, in just a few years, the amount of debt issued by this government will be the size of the entire economy. This is issue, not borrowing from trust funds. Understand that the curve is steep-ening because the trust fund balances are falling. We are finally hitting that inflection period where demographics are moving our numbers. Remember, the peak of the baby boom is 60 years old today. We have obligations that we as a so-ciety have made to our brothers and sisters who are getting older. We have a real problem. You are going to see in a number of these slides that if we con-tinue to stay as a society, as a country, that is only growing. Remember, the projection right now is 1.8 percent growth over the next 20 years. You mathematically cannot meet your obli-gations. It is called a debt crisis. It is called an entitlement crisis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.134 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9372 November 15, 2017 
One of the key solutions to being able to meet our obligations, to meet our promises, is we need a society, an economy that is growing. If you love people, if you care about them, if you want them to be able to save and have opportunity and a future, you need a society that is economically expand-ing. I accept that this body is often about our next reelection. This is an observa-tion that I learned this year. There are some things that are in the Tax Code that are brilliant politics. They get you reelected. They give you some-thing warm and fuzzy to go talk about at home. They are really bad econom-ics. It is hard to stand in front of a group and say: Hey, we get to deduct State and local taxes. Yay. Then you look at the economic ex-pansion modeling of it and there is al-most no economic growth for a huge amount of spending. I know it is a sensitive issue with a lot of my brothers and sisters here on both the right and left who are from high-tax jurisdictions, but understand one of the reasons it has been looked at is that it is a tremendous amount of spending in the Tax Code and there is almost no economic expansion from that spending. Whereas, if that same spending in the Tax Code is in things that grow busi-nesses, grow job opportunities, grow the ability to save, you can actually see the modeling where the economy gets bigger, where all of us have job op-portunities, and over the coming years, you get paid more because the econ-omy is growing. This is great politics. This is good ec-onomics. I don’t think those of us on the Republican side know it—and I know so often we get behind these microphones and we all sound like ac-countants on steroids—but the math is important. How many times has this body made public policy that felt good, that was good politics, and really crappy eco-nomics? That is how you wake up one day and your society is $20 trillion in debt and the curve is about to blow off the charts. Remember, a lot of outside groups on the right and left have been doing mod-eling, saying there will be a debt crisis in about a decade and a half. It is com-ing, and it is coming very, very fast at us. To have an understanding of just how difficult these numbers are, on this chart I have up here, do you see the red area? This is for 2027. But you figure we just finished the 2018 appropriations and budgets, so we are already starting to plan the 2019. Well, 8 functionally budget years from now, only 11 percent of this Fed-eral Government’s spending will be for things that people think of as govern-ment. Everything else—defense and en-titlements, mandatory spending, both earned entitlements and unearned enti-tlements—will be everything other than 11 percent of the spending. Public lands, the FBI, the Justice De-partment, the Park Service, health re-search, education, all the things you think of as government will be only 11 percent of our spending. Everything else will be either military—the mili-tary will also be only 11 percent—and everything else after that is manda-tory. It continues to grow that way. If you are someone who cares about education, who cares about the envi-ronment, who cares about these things, understand that if you do not start to get some dramatic economic growth, you are going to be squeezed out. The dollars spent on your priorities are disappearing. It is math. We do not have the revenues. It is going to get crushed. It is coming very, very fast. This isn’t Republican math or Demo-crat math. It is math. What if I came to you right now and asked: What is one of the most power-ful things we can do as a society to keep our promises? My brothers and sisters on the left often talk about our promises to retir-ees. They are absolutely right. The fact of the matter is, I believe that for someone who retires in the next couple of years, they will have put in about $190,000 for their Medicare. They are going to receive over $600,000. That is in, like, dollars. Multiply that by 76 million baby boomers in that 18-year period. In just that differential, understand that one of the root causes is demographics. We still made a promise. The way you are able to cover that promise is economic growth. When you look at this chart, it is fairly new from a Stanford economist. I found this in a book about 2 months ago. Do you see that red line on the left-hand side? Do you see where it lays fairly flat? That is actually a line that says: ‘‘Entitlement spending to GDP.’’ The size of the economy, the entitle-ment spending in the 1990s, in the late 1980s didn’t go down. It was still going up. The difference was the economy got bigger. So when you hear us talk about debt- to-GDP ratios, start thinking about that denominator. How do you grow the economy so that if we keep our promises, it doesn’t crash the economy and functionally al-most bring the world down? We have some charts that make it very clear that when we have been in times of economic expansion, we have even been able to spend more money on these entitlement programs; yet we bent the debt curve and the amount of that consumption to the size of the economy. I know this gets a little geeky, but at some point the math is important. I know we just spent a couple of hours talking about peoples’ feelings on a 400- or 500-page tax bill, but let’s get some of the math correct. Understand that the chart next to me is sort of the CBO projections. The math is worse than even the CBO pro-jections. If you can look—and I know this is small—but the CBO missed the 2017 number by over $100 billion. The fiscal year we just finished, the 2017 fis-cal year, we borrowed $666 billion. This is one of the good years. So, remember, you have heard people talking about in a static score over the next decade—10 years—this tax bill costs a $1.5 trillion. But we borrowed $666 billion last year, with no tax relief and a government policy that function-ally gave us a 1.8 percent GDP. Take a look at this year. It was sup-posed to get much better, but now that we know we have the spending for the hurricanes and disasters, we know we are going to blow through that. If you can see it in about 4 budget years, because of that 1.8 percent eco-nomic expansion, we are going to start borrowing $1 trillion a year. Yes, building a tax bill with $1.5 tril-lion borrowing over 10 years is some-thing you have to really think about. You need to design it so we get the eco-nomic expansion so that the size of the economy gets bigger so there are op-portunities to take in new revenues. But do understand that if you are part of the side that you are just hear-ing supporting the status quo, the sta-tus quo is already a disaster and is just on the cusp of time. The disaster is al-ready here. The disaster is status quo and doing more of the same. In 4 budget years, you are borrowing $1 trillion a year, and it goes up from that. So doing nothing, continuing the status quo, is the entitlement crisis, is the fiscal cliff, is the debt crisis. We don’t have a choice. We must get to-gether and do what is necessary to get this economy growing. We heard one of the previous speak-ers—who is one of the people I really like; he is a good guy; a Democrat of Il-linois—talk about the Tax Foundation. I sort of forgot this part. This is a quote from the Tax Foundation study. It is $1 trillion in new revenues. Our static score that we are doing— and the Tax Foundation score is higher in spending—but our model says it is $1.5 trillion of spending in the Tax Code static. That means no economic growth. We are going to talk about what dynamic growth is. They say a new, additional trillion dollars of rev-enue. That is what we call dynamic scoring. What is dynamic scoring, you may ask. Dynamic scoring is nothing more than asking: How does this policy af-fect the size of the economy? And then you loop it back and look for the feed-back effects. If you are a Democrat and you are saying, ‘‘I don’t believe in dynamic scoring,’’ you really need to think about that position because you believe in dynamic scoring when the left intro-duced an immigration bill. It was dy-namically scored. Global warming. If you actually look at the scoring, it has feedback effects. Go back to the stimulus. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.137 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9373 November 15, 2017 
We all use dynamic scoring around here. We just seem to only want to em-brace it when it supports our own po-litical views. Every March, the Con-gressional Budget Office gives us an up-date that has economic feedback effect in it. That is called dynamic scoring. For both my friends on the right and the left, you can’t just pretend that public policy has no effect in the size of the economy when it is contrary to your certain political pitch that you are making right now. Just understand, the Tax Foundation says $1 trillion in new revenues. But the other things that are really impor-tant—and this actually starts to give you an understanding of some of the ef-fects—is we have close to $300 billion in new payroll taxes. Understanding that Social Security and Medicare are pay-as-you-go pro-grams, today’s taxpayers are function-ally paying today’s recipients. That is why I have been behind this micro-phone over the last year talking about things like demographics and birth rates and the really dangerous effects these low birth rates are having in the society, but that is other stuff. We will have almost $300 billion in new payroll taxes. So I have $1 trillion in new income taxes and close to $300 billion in new payroll taxes for what we model is a trillion-and-a-half-dollar static score. You may not like the numbers, but the Tax Foundation is really good at this. They have some of the most ad-vanced models that exist anywhere in this country and it is worth going to and reading their information. Right now, when you hear us talking, we are giving you just static scores. It is important to know that the freaky smart people are out there modeling, saying what we are doing is expanding the size of the economy as you go into the future. Why is this so critical? If you see this chart, this is what is being projected for our future. This is the CBO’s estimates over the next, I believe it is, three decades. b2115 Functionally, a 1.8 percent GDP growth. This is their projection. This is what they see our future looking like. But if you go back to the 1950s—to 1973, yeah, we had a demographic bub-ble that was young and moving into the workforce. If you look at the late 1970s, 1990s, we were actually doing an average of 3.3 percent GDP a year. If you actually are someone like I am where you just are fascinated— GDPNow, which is the Atlanta Fed’s calculator, right now, has our GDP, as of today, at 3.2 percent GDP. That is amazing. The model we have been given says we should be at 1.8. We are substantially above that right now in anticipation of tax reform. Apparently, a lot of the economy out there is already anticipating a better regulatory market and a better tax re-gime, and, with that, they are spend-ing, they are investing, and we are al-ready seeing it in the baseline num-bers. This is something we can’t screw up. It is incredibly important. So let’s try to understand, once again, if you care and love people and want them to have an economic future, why that growth is so incredibly im-portant. If you actually sort of look at the difference—and this is sort of a dif-ficult chart to understand. But if we are sitting here somewhere between this 1
1⁄2and 2 percent GDP growth, and you wanted to double the size of the economy, you are looking at having to wait over 35 years. What happens if we were in the very tail end? And look, from my own math, I don’t think we get there. We might have some years that touch it. But what would happen if you were at 4 percent GDP growth? You go from over 35 years to a little over 17 years to dou-ble the size of the economy. Well, how about if we could beat 3
1⁄2percent GDP? You go from over 35 years to 22 years. Just understand the size of the econ-omy has almost everything to do with what you are paid, your ability to have a pay raise, your ability to have enough cash flow in your life so you can save for your retirement. I know this seems like an academic lecture, but it is not. These things affect our lives. They also affect our ability to pay our promises. It also affects our ability to protect our Nation. It is not a game. So another way to sort of look at the same numbers—and I just happen to like this chart, so that is one of the reasons we are putting it up. You can see sort of the bubbles. What would it take to sort of double that GDP per person? You know, okay, so instead of the entire economy, how about you, as an American citizen, the size of the economy as you—because as a partici-pant in the economy, this has some-thing to do with what you are paid, your ability on your lifestyle, the things you can own, the things you can do for your family. The difference between the 2 per-cent—and let’s just jump up to 4 per-cent, and the number of years, you start to realize the difference between 17 years or 35 years. This is about every one of us as an individual in this coun-try that if we can adopt tax policy, that is good for families, good for the middle class, but also makes us com-petitive in the world again, and we start to grow, good things happen. Do you do a Tax Code that is great politics or really good economics? Some of the math is hard. We live in a society right now where if you can look at the very far left side of this chart, the top 20 percent of our society, of our income earners—the top 20 per-cent of income earners are paying 88 percent of the Federal income taxes. You start to understand. If I came to you right now, just as a simple math problem, and said, ‘‘Hey, I have got 20 percent of very high income earners who are paying 88 percent of all the Federal income taxes, but I really want to make sure that the quartiles of our hardworking middle-income earners are getting a lot of this benefit,’’ you can understand why there were such great math problems in making these things work, because 88 percent of all your Federal revenue is sitting out here with 20 percent of the population. That is actually why we have had to do a lot of the things we have done. And where certain deductions, certain things phase out, it is just a math problem. But remember, you see that red line, and you see where it crosses the blue line? That is where publicly held debt will exceed the size of our economy. This government will have issued debt to foreign buyers, to your retire-ment account, to pension funds that will exceed the size of this economy, and it is only a few years away, and that is what the status quo is. That is where we are going. I will make you the argument, we don’t have a choice. We must make a simpler, a fairer, but a dramatic and more progrowth tax system as part of this country’s culture. In being blessed to now be on the Ways and Means Committee, which I am incredibly appreciative—they are some of the smartest people I have ever worked with, are really smart calcula-tors and people—there is something called Joint Tax. If you ever want to know where all the freaky smart peo-ple or president of your high school math class are, there is 50 of them in there. I think like more than half may have Ph.D.’s in math and statistics and accounting. They tell us, the testi-mony to the committee is, 94 percent of the tax paying population will now do their taxes on this. Only 6 percent of taxpayers in the country will need to itemize. There is actually some really inter-esting math that also starts to happen when you have made a tax system fair-er, simpler, and progrowth. But the simplicity of it makes compliance, makes the ability to pay, makes the ability to participate so much easier and so much more elegant. I have been proud to be part of the team that has helped build this tax plan. It is not perfect, and it is still going to go through a couple of more changes. That is the way it works. We will get the Senate product; we will sit in conference committee; we will work out the math; but understand the sta-tus quo is disastrous for every Amer-ican, and I actually believe it is disas-trous for the world. The tax reform gives us an opportunity to grow and have an incredibly bright future if we do it the right way. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15NO7.138 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9374 November 15, 2017 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS  H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, November 15, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to clause 2(a)(2) of House of Representatives Rule XI, I am submitting the Committee on the Judi-ciary’s Rules of Procedure for publication in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . These rules were adopted by a vote of the Committee on Janu-ary 24, 2017. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
RULE I . The Rules of the House of Representatives are the rules of the Committee on the Judici-ary and its Subcommittees with the fol-lowing specific additions thereto. 
RULE II . COMMITTEE MEETINGS  (a) The regular meeting day of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary for the conduct of its business shall be on Wednesday of each week while the House is in session. (b) Additional meetings may be called by the Chairman and a regular meeting of the Committee may be dispensed with when, in the judgment of the Chairman, there is no need therefor. (c) The Chairman shall furnish each Mem-ber of the Committee or Subcommittee with the date, place, and a list of bills and sub-jects to be considered at a Committee or Subcommittee meeting, which may not com-mence earlier than the third day on which Members have notice thereof (excluding Sat-urdays, Sundays and legal holidays when the House is not in session). (d) At least 48 hours prior to the com-mencement of a meeting for the markup of legislation, the text of such legislation shall be made publicly available in electronic form. (e) In an emergency that does not reason-ably allow for the notice as requirements in (c) and (d), the Chairman may waive the no-tice requirements with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member (f) To the maximum extent practicable, amendments to a measure or matter shall be submitted in writing or electronically to the designee of both the Chairman and Ranking Member at least 24 hours prior to the consid-eration of the measure or matter. The Chair-man may use his discretion to give priority to amendments submitted in advance. (g) Committee and Subcommittee meet-ings for the transaction of business, i.e. meetings other than those held for the pur-pose of taking testimony, shall be open to the public except when the Committee or Subcommittee determines by majority vote to close the meeting because disclosure of matters to be considered would endanger na-tional security, would compromise sensitive law enforcement information, or would tend to defame, degrade or incriminate any per-son or otherwise would violate any law or rule of the House. (h) Every motion made to the Committee and entertained by the Chairman shall be re-duced to writing upon demand of any Mem-ber, and a copy made available to each Mem-ber present. (i) For purposes of taking any action at a meeting of the full Committee or any Sub-committee thereof for which a majority is not required, a quorum shall be constituted by the presence of not less than one-third of the Members of the Committee or Sub-committee, respectively. (j)(1) Subject to subparagraph (2), the Chairman may postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the ques-tion of approving any measure or matter or adopting an amendment. The Chairman may resume proceedings on a postponed request at any time. (2) In exercising postponement authority under subparagraph (1), the Chairman shall take all reasonable steps necessary to notify Members on the resumption of proceedings on any postponed record vote. (3) When proceedings resume on a post-poned question, notwithstanding any inter-vening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. (k) Transcripts of markups shall be re-corded and may be published in the same manner as hearings before the Committee (l) Without further action of the Com-mittee, the Chairman is directed to offer a motion under clause 1 of rule XXII of the Rules of the House of Representatives when-ever the Chairman considers it appropriate. RULE III . HEARINGS  (a) The Committee Chairman or any Sub-committee Chairman shall make public an-nouncement of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing to be conducted by it on any measure or matter at least one week before the commencement of that hearing. If the Chairman of the Committee, or Sub-committee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, or if the Committee or Subcommittee so deter-mines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business, the Chairman or Subcommittee Chairman shall make the announcement at the earliest pos-sible date. (b) Committee and Subcommittee hearings shall be open to the public except when the Committee or Subcommittee determines by majority vote to close the meeting because disclosure of matters to be considered would endanger national security, would com-promise sensitive law enforcement informa-tion, or would tend to defame, degrade or in-criminate any person or otherwise would vio-late any law or rule of the House. (c) For purposes of taking testimony and receiving evidence before the Committee or any Subcommittee, a quorum shall be con-stituted by the presence of two Members (d) In the course of any hearing each Mem-ber shall be allowed five minutes for the in-terrogation of a witness until such time as each Member who so desires has had an op-portunity to question the witness. (e) The transcripts of those hearings con-ducted by the Committee which are decided to be printed shall be published in verbatim form, with the material requested for the record inserted at that place requested, or at the end of the record, as appropriate. Indi-viduals, including Members of Congress, whose comments are to be published as part of a Committee document shall be given the opportunity to verify the accuracy of the transcription in advance of publication. Any requests by those Members, staff or wit-nesses to correct any errors other than er-rors in the transcription, or disputed errors in transcription, shall be appended to the record, and the appropriate place where the change is requested will be footnoted. Prior to approval by the Chairman of hearings con-ducted jointly with another congressional Committee, a memorandum of under-standing shall be prepared which incor-porates an agreement for the publication of the verbatim transcript. 
RULE IV . SUBPOENAS  (a) A subpoena may be authorized and issued by the Chairman, in accordance with clause 2(m) of rule XI of the House of Rep-resentatives, in the conduct of any investiga-tion or activity or series of investigations or activities within the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee, following consultation with the Ranking Minority Member. (b) In addition, a subpoena may be author-ized and issued by the Committee or its Sub-committees in accordance with clause 2(m) of rule XI of the House of Representatives, in the conduct of any investigation or activity or series of investigations or activities, when authorized by a majority of the Members voting, a majority of the Committee or Sub- committee being present. Authorized sub-poenas shall be signed by the Chairman or by any Member designated by the Committee. (c) At least two business days before issuing any subpoena pursuant to subsection (a), the Chair shall consult with the Ranking Member regarding the authorization and issuance of such subpoena, and the Chair shall provide a full copy of the proposed sub-poena, including any proposed document schedule, at that time. (d) The requirements of subsection (c) may be waived in the event of an emergency that does not reasonably allow for advance writ-ten notice. RULE V . BROADCASTING  Whenever a hearing or meeting conducted by the Committee or any Subcommittee is open to the public, those proceedings shall be open to coverage by television, radio and still photography subject to the require-ments of clause 4 of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
RULE VI . STANDING SUBCOMMITTEES  (a) The full Committee shall have jurisdic-tion over: copyright, and other such matters as determined by the Chairman, and relevant oversight. (b) There shall be five standing Sub-committees of the Committee on the Judici-ary, with jurisdictions as follows: The Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: constitutional amendments, constitutional rights, Federal civil rights, claims against the United States, non-immigration private claims bills, ethics in government, tort liability, in-cluding medical malpractice and product li-ability, legal reform generally, other appro-priate matters as referred by the Chairman, and relevant oversight. The Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet shall have juris-diction over the following subject matters: Administration of U.S. Courts, Federal Rules of Evidence, Civil and Appellate Procedure, judicial ethics, patent and trademark law, information technology, other appropriate matters as referred to by the Chairman, and relevant oversight. The Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: Federal Criminal Code, drug en-forcement, sentencing, parole and pardons, internal and homeland security, Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, prisons, crimi-nal law enforcement, and other appropriate matters as referred by the Chairman, and relevant oversight. The Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: immigration and naturalization, border security, admis-sion of refugees, treaties, conventions and international agreements, Federal charters of incorporation, private immigration bills, non-border immigration enforcement, other appropriate matters as referred by the Chair-man, and relevant oversight. The Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law shall have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.038 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9375 November 15, 2017 
jurisdiction over the following subject mat-ters: bankruptcy and commercial law, bank-ruptcy judgeships, administrative law, inde-pendent counsel, state taxation affecting interstate commerce, interstate compacts, antitrust matters, other appropriate matters as referred by the Chairman, and relevant oversight. (c) The Chairman of the Committee and Ranking Minority Member thereof shall be ex officio Members, but not voting Members, of each Subcommittee to which such Chair-man or Ranking Minority Member has not been assigned by resolution of the Com-mittee. Ex officio Members shall not be counted as present for purposes of consti-tuting a quorum at any hearing or meeting of such Subcommittee. 
RULE VII . POWERS AND DUTIES OF  
SUBCOMMITTEES  Each Subcommittee is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive evidence, and report to the full Committee on all matters referred to it or under its jurisdiction. Subcommittee chairmen shall set dates for hearings and meetings of their respective Subcommittees after consultation with the Chairman and other Subcommittee chairmen with a view toward avoiding simultaneous scheduling of full Committee and Subcommittee meetings or hearings whenever possible. 
RULE VIII . NON-LEGISLATIVE REPORTS  No report of the Committee or Sub-committee which does not accompany a measure or matter for consideration by the House shall be published unless all Members of the Committee or Subcommittee issuing the report shall have been apprised of such report and given the opportunity to give no-tice of intention to file supplemental, addi-tional, or dissenting views as part of the re-port. In no case shall the time in which to file such views be less than three calendar days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays when the House is not in ses-sion). 
RULE IX . COMMITTEE RECORDS  The records of the Committee at the Na-tional Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use ac-cording to the Rules of the House. The Chair-man shall notify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determina-tion on the written request of any Member of the Committee. 
RULE X . OFFICIAL COMMITTEE WEBSITE  (a) The Chairman shall maintain an offi-cial website on behalf of the Committee for the purpose of furthering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, in-cluding communicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee Members and other Members of the House. (b) The Chairman shall make the record of the votes on any question on which a record vote is demanded in the full Committee available on the Committee’s official website not later than 48 hours after such vote is taken. Such record shall identify or describe the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, the name of each Member voting for and each Member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, and the names of the Members voting present. (c) Not later than 24 hours after the adop-tion of any amendment to a measure or mat-ter considered by the Committee or its Sub-committees, the Chairman shall make the text of each such amendment publicly avail-able in electronic form. (d) Not later than 3 days after the conclu-sion of a Committee meeting, the transcript of such meeting and the text of all amend-ments offered shall be made available on the Committee website. (e) The Ranking Member is authorized to maintain a similar official website on behalf of the Committee Minority for the same pur-pose, including communicating information about the activities of the Minority to Com-mittee Members and other Members of the House. f ADJOURNMENT Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, November 16, 2017, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3178. A letter from the Senior Counsel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s Major final rule — Payday, Vehicle Title, and Certain High-Cost Installment Loans [Docket No.: CFPB-2016-0025] (RIN: 3170- AA40) received November 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3179. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Major final rule — Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation; Removal of Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces Rule [FAC 2005-96; FAR Case 2017-015; Docket No.: 2017- 0002; Sequence No.: 1] (RIN: 9000-AN52) re-ceived November 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3180. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s small entity compli-ance guide — Federal Acquisition Regula-tion; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-96 [Docket No.: FAR 2017-0051, Sequence No. 1] received November 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 4174. A bill to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to require Federal evaluation activities, im-prove Federal data management, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–411). Referred to the Committee on the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 659. A bill to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commis-sion shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attor-ney General exercises such authority (Rept. 115–412). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. WESTERMAN (for himself and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 4395. A bill to improve the coordina-tion and use of geospatial data; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. C
OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , and Mr. R ASKIN ): H.R. 4396. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the procedures provided under such Act for the investigation and resolution of allega-tions that employing offices of the legisla-tive branch have violated the rights and pro-tections provided to their employees under such Act, including protections against sex-ual harassment, to require the updating of programs of sexual harassment prevention and response training in employment, to in-stitute biennial employment discrimination climate surveys, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California (for herself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mr. M
CCARTHY , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. C
ALVERT , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. B
ERA, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. L EE, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. G
OMEZ ): H.R. 4397. A bill to provide tax relief with respect to California wildfires; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BARRAGA´N (for herself, Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. E VANS , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. S OTO, Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , and Mr. K IHUEN ): H.R. 4398. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to suspend immigration enforcement operations within an area for which the President has declared a major disaster or an emergency, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania (for himself, Mr. C
OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania, Mr. S
ARBANES , and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 4399. A bill to expand the monthly payments that may be eligible for public service loan forgiveness; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself and Ms. N
ORTON ): H.R. 4400. A bill to amend the Food, Con-servation, and Energy Act of 2008 to make improvements to the food safety education program carried out under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.039 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9376 November 15, 2017 
By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 4401. A bill to ensure prompt access to Supplemental Security Income, Social Secu-rity disability, and Medicaid benefits for per-sons released from certain public institu-tions; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 4402. A bill to amend section 479(c) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to clarify when the Secretary shall consider an inde-pendent student without dependents to have an expected family contribution equal to zero; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DENHAM (for himself and Mr. P
ASCRELL ): H.R. 4403. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to protect personally identifiable infor-mation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. EMMER (for himself, Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. P
ETERSON , and Mr. P
AULSEN ): H.R. 4404. A bill to amend title XXI of the Social Security Act to provide for an excep-tion to the reduction to State allotments under the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. D ONO-
VAN, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. F ASO, Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mrs. L
OWEY , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
ENG, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. R EED, Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. S UOZZI , Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Ms. T ENNEY ): H.R. 4405. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michaels Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. D ONO-
VAN, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. F ASO, Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mrs. L
OWEY , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
ENG, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. R EED, Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. S UOZZI , Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Ms. T ENNEY ): H.R. 4406. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airman Post Office Build-ing’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. R
USH, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. B
OST, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. K INZINGER , Mrs. B
USTOS , and Mr. L AHOOD): H.R. 4407. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3s101 Rockwell Street in Warrenville, Illi-nois, as the ‘‘Corporal Jeffery Allen Williams Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. KATKO (for himself and Mr. SUOZZI ): H.R. 4408. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to establish additional reg-istration requirements for prescribers of opioids, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 4409. A bill making supplemental ap-propriations for the Army Corps of Engineers for flood control projects and storm damage reduction projects in areas affected by flood-ing in the city of Jacksonville, Florida, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ap-propriations, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Budget, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 4410. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require additional re-porting on crime and harm that occurs dur-ing student participation in programs of study abroad, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 4411. A bill to direct the Secretary of State to make available to the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion copies of consular reports of death of United States citizens, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 4412. A bill to amend the Military Se-lective Service Act to provide that a reg-istrant for selective service may indicate at the time of registration a desire to be classi-fied as a conscientious objector; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 4413. A bill to amend the Uniform Code of Military Justice to prevent the re-ceipt of unpaid pay and allowances by Bowe Bergdahl and other members of the Armed Forces who are guilty of desertion and to re-serve such unpaid pay and allowances to pro-vide additional compensation to members of the Armed Forces who are killed, wounded, or injured while searching for a missing member of the Armed Forces who turns out to have deserted; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida (for himself, Mr. N
ORMAN , and Mr. A
LLEN ): H.R. 4414. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require students who do not complete a program of study to repay Federal Pell Grants; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 4415. A bill to establish the policy of the United States regarding the no-first-use of nuclear weapons; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. E
SPAILLAT ): H. Res. 621. A resolution impeaching Don-ald J. Trump, President of the United States, of high crimes and misdemeanors; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Miss RICE of New York (for herself, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. N
ORCROSS , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. B
ERA, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. T
AKANO , and Ms. H ANABUSA ): H. Res. 622. A resolution supporting the designation of the week beginning November 13, 2017, as ‘‘National Apprenticeship Week’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H. Res. 623. A resolution recognizing the importance of providing services to children of incarcerated parents; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self, Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. S
OTO, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois): H. Res. 624. A resolution expressing support for the designation of room G2-24 of the Ray-burn House Office Building as the ‘‘Stephen D. Vermillion, III, Room’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
146. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the House of Representatives of the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania, relative to House Resolution No. 576, urging the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to swiftly consider the United States Department of Energy’s proposed Grid Resiliency Pricing Rule and implement policies to ensure fuel- secure baseload electricity generation re-sources receive proper compensation for the positive attributes they provide our nation’s and our Commonwealth’s electric system.; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 147. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, relative to Senate Resolution No. 227, acknowledging the grid resilience and reliability benefits that fuel-secure baseload electricity genera-tion resources provide to the residents, busi-nesses and economy of this Commonwealth and asserting that fuel-secure baseload gen-eration resources receive proper compensa-tion for these positive attributes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. WESTERMAN: H.R. 4395. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 4396. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15NO7.100 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9377 November 15, 2017 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: H.R. 4397. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Ms. BARRAGA´N: H.R. 4398. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: the power granted to Congress under Arti-cle I of the United States Constitution and it subsequent amendments, and further clari-fied and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 4399. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following : Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion under the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 4400. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 4401. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 4402. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. 1, Sec. 8 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. DENHAM: H.R. 4403. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 4404. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 4405. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following : Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian tribes; By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 4406. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian tribes; By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 4407. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 4408. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, with respect to the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Du-ties, Imposts, and Excises,’’ and to provide for the ‘‘general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 4409. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 4410. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 4411. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 4412. Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 4413. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall have the power to provide for the common defense. By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: 
H.R. 4414. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 4415. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to ‘‘pro-vide for the common defense,’’ as enumer-ated in Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 38: Mr. C URTIS . H.R. 173: Mr. D
UFFY and Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 477: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 548: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 564: Mr. WOMACK . H.R. 662: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 772: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 807: Mrs. L
OWEY and Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 930: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina and Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 1040: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 1136: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 1153: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 1158: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 1164: Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 1178: Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. F LO-
RES, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 1192: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 1270: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 1415: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida and Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 1468: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 1472: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 1563: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 1606: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 1675: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 1811: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER and Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 1953: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 1963: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 1977: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2004: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 2152: Mr. R
UTHERFORD and Mr. G OH-
MERT . H.R. 2255: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 2327: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 2514: Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. S IRES, and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 2535: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2617: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 2690: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 2740: Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 2747: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 2790: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 2851: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 2884: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 2996: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 3106: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 3108: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3127: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 3128: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 3154: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 3179: Ms. T
ENNEY and Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 3227: Mr. O’R
OURKE and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 3394: Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 3460: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 3596: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida and Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 3642: Mrs. B
EATTY and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 3645: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 3695: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 3711: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 3751: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 3762: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 3767: Mr. O
LSON and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 3770: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 3780: Mr. R
USHand Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 3798: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 3842: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. P IN-
GREE , Ms. K APTUR , and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 3867: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 3940: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 3956: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 3979: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 3997: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 4006: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 4007: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. K
INGof New York, and Mr. T HORNBERRY . H.R. 4020: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 4022: Mr. L
ANCE , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. P
ITTENGER , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 4036: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 4078: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 4082: Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C
LAY, Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. M
CNERNEY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.032 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9378 November 15, 2017 
H.R. 4093: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4114: Mr. K
HANNA and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 4121: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 4124: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 4131: Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 4143: Ms. M
ENG, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. S TIV-
ERS, Mr. L ANCE , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Ms. D EGETTE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 4145: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4146: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 4155: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 4178: Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 4215: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4221: Mr. M
EEHAN and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 4229: Mr. BUCK, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. R OSS, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4235: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 4240: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. B ERA, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 4246: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4248: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 4263: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 4265: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 4277: Mr. S
OTOand Ms. M OORE . H.R. 4279: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 4290: Mr. P
ANETTA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 4311: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 4314: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 4340: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 4363: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 4370: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 4391: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. K
HANNA , and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 4392: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H. Con. Res. 90: Mr. MEEHAN and Mr. B
EYER . H. Con. Res. 93: Mr. P
EARCE , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. F RANKS  of Arizona, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. R OSS, Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. O
LSON , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, and Mr. N
ORMAN . H. Res. 188: Mr. S
OTOand Mr. L OWENTHAL . H. Res. 220: Mr. B
UCK. H. Res. 276: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. N
ORCROSS , and Ms. P INGREE . H. Res. 336: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H. Res. 401: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . H. Res. 407: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H. Res. 466: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. E VANS , and Mr. P
ALLONE . H. Res. 570: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H. Res. 604: Mr. K
ATKO and Ms. N ORTON . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO7.037 H15NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7225 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 2017 No. 187 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable J
OHN B
OOZMAN , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, our hope for years to come, we offer You a sacrifice of thanksgiving. We thank You for Your steadfast love that sustains our law-makers every hour. We thank You for surrounding our Senators with Your presence that permits them to dwell in peace. Lord, we are grateful for the joy we all receive by observing the works of Your hands, finding pleasure in the beauty of the sunrise and the glory of the sunset. We gaze with wonder at the majesty of the butterfly and the soar-ing eagle, knowing that the same hands that guide them in flight desire to direct our steps. Generous God, we celebrate Your love that provides redemption for hu-manity. You sacrificed Yourself for our salvation. Lord of all, to You we raise this our prayer of grateful praise. We pray in Your bountiful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, November 15, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OHNBOOZMAN , a Sen- ator from the State of Arkansas, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. BOOZMAN thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the need for tax reform has been obvious for a long time now. Many Republicans have said it. Many Democrats have said it. We certainly hope Democrats will continue to stand by their strong statements in support of tax reform today, because while the occupant of the Oval Office may have changed, the need for tax reform certainly hasn’t. Indeed, after many long years of an Obama economy that so often failed the middle class, its effects continue to be felt across the country for many: for single parents who still struggle to make ends meet; for moms and dads who still struggle to find a way to send their kids to college, make a car pay-ment, or save for retirement; and for small business owners who still find themselves frustrated when they try to hire more employees, reinvest in their business or pursue their dreams. There are many obstacles to tackle— an out-of-control regulatory state, for one. We have taken significant action to tame that already, and we will con-tinue to do so. Another huge factor is our seriously outdated Tax Code. Filled with com-plicated schedules, worksheets, deduc-tions, and loopholes, the code is easy for the wealthy and well-connected to game and almost impossible for almost anyone else to understand. If you are wealthy, you hire accountants and law-yers to navigate a complicated process. But the young, small business owner starting out can’t afford a team to do her taxes and bring on a new employee or raise wages. Moreover, the Tax Code actively pun-ishes those small businesses and the middle class with rates that are too high, provisions that are clearly out-dated, and incentives that are just plain ridiculous—like the fact that it actually encourages the shipping of American jobs and businesses overseas. Our Tax Code actually encourages that. That is why this Congress, in con-junction with the White House, is working hard to pass tax reform. Today the Senate Finance Com-mittee will continue to examine its tax reform proposal under Chairman H
ATCH ’s leadership. Members are con-tinuing to discuss the best path for-ward to deliver relief to the men and women we represent. This week’s hear-ings are just the latest in a years-long process to write a tax code that sup-ports the middle class. In fact, since Chairman H
ATCH has been the top Re-publican on the Finance Committee, it has hosted 70 hearings in the last 6 years. Each one of those hearings con-sidered how to improve the Tax Code to make it work better for all Americans. The committee has made numerous serious efforts to engage across the aisle to get this done. Members on both sides agree that a pro-growth tax plan will move our economy forward, help create more jobs, and help families keep more of their hard-earned pay-checks, or at least our Democratic friends used to, seemingly, until Presi-dent Trump came along. The plan before the committee ful-fills important goals that all of us 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.000 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7226 November 15, 2017 
should share. It aims to make taxes for families lower, simpler, and fairer. Ac-cording to the nonpartisan Joint Com-mittee on Taxation and recent news re-ports, the ‘‘Middle Class [are the] big-gest winners in [the] Senate tax plan.’’ It also aims to make it easier for small businesses to grow, invest, and hire. For Kentucky’s small businesses and for those across the country, this proposal will help to do just that by creating incentives to bring invest-ment and jobs home and keep them here. The plan before the Finance Com-mittee fulfills our main goal for tax re-form, which is taking more money out of Washington’s pockets and putting more money into the pockets of the middle class. Last evening, the committee released a modified chairman’s mark that, among other important elements, will effectively repeal ObamaCare’s indi-vidual mandate tax so we can provide even more tax relief to low- and mid-dle-income families. In short, the goal is to repeal an unpopular tax from an unworkable law in order to provide more tax relief to middle-class fami-lies. Now, as the committee continues its legislative markup through an open process, it will explore further ways to improve this good legislation. Both Re-publicans and Democrats have offered hundreds of amendments. Chairman H
ATCH is setting aside full days for the committee to consider them. Once the Finance Committee completes its work and reports its proposal to the Senate floor, all Members will have the chance to offer their amendments under the regular order. Another Senate committee is having an important markup today as well. The Senate Energy and Natural Re-sources Committee is beginning its consideration of an important proposal to support good jobs, our energy fu-ture, and our national security. So, once again, I commend Chairman M
URKOWSKI and the members of the committee for their work on this pro-posal to further develop Alaska’s oil and natural gas potential in an envi-ronmentally responsible way—more American jobs, more American energy, and more energy security and inde-pendence. I look forward to the Energy Committee reporting its legislation today. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-terday the Senate continued its efforts to confirm the President’s talented nominees to staff the Federal Govern-ment. We advanced the nomination of David Zatezalo to serve as the Assist-ant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health, an important position to the thousands of miners in States like Kentucky. I look forward to confirming his nomination early this afternoon, along with that of Mark Esper, who will be confirmed to another important position, Secretary of the Army. Also, we will turn to Joseph Otting, President Trump’s nominee to serve as Comptroller of the Currency. This posi-tion is crucial to protecting our na-tional banking system, and Mr. Otting has the experience necessary to excel there. Then, the Senate will continue our efforts to ensure that our Nation’s ju-diciary fulfills its proper role in our de-mocracy by confirming two more tal-ented nominees to serve as Federal dis-trict court judges. President Trump has continued to nominate individuals who will interpret the law as it is actu-ally written, not as they wish it were. Donald Coggins has been nominated to serve as district court judge for the District of South Carolina. He has been in private practice in South Carolina for over three decades. The Senate Ju-diciary Committee reported his nomi-nation by a voice vote. He is a talented nominee, and I look forward to con-firming him soon. Then the Senate will consider the nomination of Dabney Friedrich to serve as district court judge for the District of Columbia. Ms. Friedrich has a wealth of experience, having been in private practice and having served as assistant U.S. attorney in both the Eastern District of Virginia and the Southern District of California, and she has been confirmed twice by the Senate as a Commissioner of the U.S. Sentencing Commission. The Judiciary Committee also reported her nomina-tion by a voice vote. These nominees will respect the rule of law on the Fed-eral bench, and they should be con-firmed without delay. I would like to again thank Chair-man GRASSLEY for his commitment to bringing the President’s impressive ju-dicial nominees to the floor. These are both respected nominees who have the support of Members on both sides of the aisle, and I hope we can consider their nominations without any par-tisan procedural hurdles. We should confirm them soon. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion and resume consideration of the Zatezalo nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from South Dakota is recognized. Mr. THUNE. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, on Sunday, Politico offered this headline: ‘‘Middle class biggest winners in Senate tax plan, study says.’’ The article goes on to say: ‘‘Mod-erate-income people would consistently see the largest percentage declines in their tax bills, according to an analysis released late Saturday by the official, nonpartisan Joint Committee on Tax-ation.’’ It goes on to say: ‘‘In 2019, people in the middle spectrum, earning between $50,000 and $70,000, would see their taxes fall by 7.1 percent. Those earning between $20,000 and $30,000 would see a 10.4 percent decline.’’ This is what we set out to achieve with the Senate tax bill that we re-leased last week—real relief for Amer-ican families, and that is what our bill delivers. I don’t need to tell anyone that the American people have had a rough few years. Stagnant wages and a lack of op-portunities have left many American families stretched thin. A recent sur-vey found that 50 percent—50 percent— of people out there consider themselves to be living paycheck to paycheck. About one-third of those same people say that they are literally just $400 away from a financial crisis. Well, real help is on the way. Last night, Chairman H
ATCH released a revised bill that provides even more relief for middle-class families. I ap-plaud Chairman H
ATCH for his work on this revised bill that includes Repub-lican and Democratic amendments and reflects feedback we have received from the whole Republican conference. Our bill provides immediate, direct relief to hard-working Americans. Our bill doubles the standard deduction. That means, beginning in January, a family making $24,000 a year or less per year will not be paying any taxes, and families making more than $24,000 per year will be paying significantly less than what they are paying today. Our bill also doubles the child tax credit from $1,000 to $2,000 per child. We all know that raising children is expen-sive, and this provision provides a sig-nificant tax cut for families across the country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.001 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7227 November 15, 2017 
I wish to thank Senators S COTT, H
ELLER , RUBIO, and L EEfor their lead-ership on this issue. Their advocacy for expanding the child tax credit will re-sult in substantial tax relief for work-ing families, but that is just the begin-ning of what this tax bill is going to do for American families. We are not just going to ensure that Americans can keep more of their hard-earned money; we are also going to ensure that they can make more of it. Our bill is not just going to cut Americans’ taxes, as important as that priority is to all of us; it is also going to give Americans access to the kinds of jobs, wages, and opportunities that will set them up for a secure future. So how does that work? Well, in order for individual Americans to thrive economically, we need American businesses to thrive. Thriving busi-nesses create jobs. They provide oppor-tunities, and they increase wages and invest in their workers. But our cur-rent Tax Code is not helping businesses thrive. It is doing the opposite. It is strangling both large and small busi-nesses with high tax rates. Small businesses are incredibly im-portant for new job creation, especially in places like my State of South Da-kota. But right now the high tax rates that small businesses face can make it difficult for these businesses to even survive, much less thrive and expand their operations. Our bill will fix this. To start with, our bill implements a new deduction for businesses that will allow them to keep more of their money, which will allow them to rein-vest in their operations, increase wages, and hire new workers. Our bill also reforms a number of current provi-sions in the Tax Code that frequently leave small businesses with very little cash on hand. Under our legislation, small businesses will be able to recover the capital that they have invested in things like inventory and machinery much more quickly—and in certain cases, immediately—which will free up capital they can use to expand and cre-ate jobs. Our legislation also includes provisions I helped develop that will simplify accounting rules for small businesses, which will also help reduce their tax burden, leaving more of their earnings to reinvest in their businesses and in their workers. In addition to cutting rates for small businesses, our bill also reduces our corporate tax rate. Our Nation’s cor-porate tax rate is currently the highest in the industrialized world, which puts U.S. businesses at a major disadvan-tage next to their international com-petitors. By reducing the corporate tax rate, our bill will enable U.S. busi-nesses to compete on a more level play-ing field with their competitors, which will in turn free up money that U.S. businesses could use to create jobs and increase wages. The White House Counsel of Eco-nomic Advisers estimates that reduc-ing the corporate tax rate to 20 percent will increase average household income by $4,000 annually. Our bill also ends the outdated tax framework that is driving American companies to keep jobs and profits overseas. Our Nation currently oper-ates under a so-called worldwide tax system, which means that American companies pay U.S. taxes on the profit they make here at home, as well as on part of the profit they make abroad once they bring that money back to the United States. The problem with this is that American companies are al-ready paying taxes to foreign govern-ments on the money they make abroad. Then, when they bring that money back home, they can end up having to pay taxes again on part of those prof-its—and at the highest tax rate in the industrialized world. So it is no sur-prise that this discourages businesses from bringing their profits back to the United States to invest in their domes-tic operations, in new jobs, and in in-creased wages. Between 1983 and 2003, when the U.S. tax rate was much more competitive with those of other countries, there were 29 corporate inversions where U.S. companies moved abroad. Between 2003 and 2014, when other countries were dropping their corporate tax rates and shifting to territorial tax systems, there were 47 such inversions. Well, our bill addresses this drag on our economy by moving from our outdated world-wide tax system to a territorial tax system. By shifting to a territorial tax sys-tem—a move I should note that has been supported by Members of both parties—we eliminate the double tax-ation that encourages companies to send their investments and their oper-ations overseas. Combine that with the reduction in our high corporate tax rate, and our bill provides a strong in-centive for U.S. companies to invest their profits at home in American jobs and in American workers instead of abroad. All in all, the Tax Foundation estimates that in addition to increas-ing wages, our bill will create nearly 1 million new jobs for American workers. The legislation we unveiled last week is the product of years of work here in the Senate—work, frankly, by Mem-bers of both political parties. I hope, in the end, my Democratic colleagues will advance this bill, which is partly the result of their labors. This is the kind of chance we all dreamed of when we came to Wash-ington—a once-in-a-generation oppor-tunity to make a real difference in the lives of ordinary Americans, to sub-stantially improve their lives today and give them access to a brighter, more secure, and more prosperous fu-ture. I look forward to debating this bill over the next few weeks. We are going to a markup today, tomorrow, and Fri-day in the Senate Finance Committee, where amendments will be offered. They will be debated, they will be voted on, and then, of course, the bill will come to the floor of the U.S. Sen-ate where there will be an open amend-ment process, where individual Sen-ators will have opportunities to offer amendments, to debate those amend-ments, and to vote on those amend-ments. But when all of that is said and done, I hope we can send a bill to the President’s desk that will bring much needed relief to those Americans who are living paycheck to paycheck—to those Americans who are struggling to make ends meet, to raise their chil-dren, and to provide for a more secure retirement—by allowing them to keep more of their hard-earned dollars in their pockets, by making their pay-checks bigger, and by creating access to better jobs, higher paying jobs, and higher wages. That improves all Ameri-cans’ standard of living, all Americans’ quality of life. That is what this bill will do. We need to get it across the finish line. There is a lot of work ahead of us, but I am looking forward to the day when we can get this signed into law and give the American people access to a brighter and a more prosperous fu-ture for them and their families. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, the Republican tax plan, even before yes-terday, would exacerbate income in-equality at a time when it is already spiraling out of control, helping the rich get richer and big corporations get bigger while the middle class is left stuck in neutral. Many millions of mid-dle-class families would wind up paying higher taxes at the end of the day—13 million in 2019 and 20 million in 2027— under the Senate plan. That is the wrong approach for our economy. It betrays the American worker and the American family, who deserve tax relief, because it con-centrates more of our country’s wealth at the very top—just what the Amer-ican people don’t want, but so many of those who fund the Republican Party do. For most of my colleagues and most of the American people, that is reason enough to oppose the bill, and the American people do, by large num-bers. But yesterday Republicans made two last-minute changes to their bill that make it even worse. First, Republicans decided to throw the mother of all monkey wrenches into the bill: repeal-ing the individual mandate. My friend the majority leader called this provi-sion ‘‘helpful’’ to the bill because it raises revenue. I would remind him and all of my Republican colleagues that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.004 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7228 November 15, 2017 
the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said it would lead to 13 million fewer Americans with health insur-ance. So we are taking 13 million peo-ple off of health insurance to give tax cuts to the wealthy. Also, according to CBO, it would lead to a 10-percent increase in premiums. Each year, they would be 10 percent higher than they otherwise would be. So the Republican bill says: Raise the premiums on average Americans’ healthcare by 10 percent so we can give the wealthy a tax cut. This is the same thing they did in the healthcare bill until the public outrage forced them to back off, and, of course, it lost. Now they are doing it again be-cause the Republican belief is to reduce the healthcare safety net for middle- class Americans so they can give more tax cuts to the wealthiest and most powerful amongst us. If Republicans had their way, young-er, healthier people would flee the mar-ket, making the risk pool older and sicker. If you are 50 to 64, this is very bad news for you. That is why the AARP is against this bill and yester-day denounced the new change. I would remind my Republican col-leagues that the provision raises $400 billion in revenues because it throws Americans off insurance, and $179 bil-lion alone is saved because people wouldn’t sign up for Medicaid. So the Republican bill takes $400 billion out of help for healthcare and gives it to the wealthy and the powerful for even more tax breaks. Does any American support that? A handful maybe, but it seems a lot of people in this Chamber might. So when the Republicans say this provision in their bill is helpful, they don’t mean it is helpful to Americans. It may help Republicans in the Senate give a larger tax break to the rich, but it hurts millions of Americans seeking affordable health insurance. Many will lose insurance. Many more will pay an increase in their premiums, while our colleagues have always promised to make premiums lower. One other point. I have heard some on the other side say they would be willing to pass the bipartisan Alex-ander-Murray health compromise as sort of a salve after they repeal the in-dividual mandate. I am here to tell my colleagues that won’t work. You don’t attempt to blow up the healthcare sys-tem and then say: We are going to make a few tweaks to make it better. We are not falling for that, and my Re-publicans friends shouldn’t, either. They are completely contradictory ideas. Alexander-Murray is meant to stabilize markets and lower premiums; the Republican plan destabilizes mar-kets and raises premiums in a way that Alexander-Murray could never repair. Furthermore, Alexander-Murray would not survive under the rules of reconciliation. Too many of its provi-sions are under the HELP Committee, not the Finance Committee, so anyone who thinks they can justify the changes the majority leader has said he will put in the bill by saying: OK. We will then pass Murray-Alexander, is wrong on the substance and wrong on the politics because it will not pass. When Alexander-Murray was nego-tiated, it was in good faith by the chairman and ranking member of the HELP Committee as a compromised healthcare bill. Republicans cannot ex-pect to pass their own separate ideolog-ical healthcare provision and then turn around and ask Democrats to vote to pass Murray-Alexander. Again, you can’t create major injury to the healthcare system and hurt millions, and then say: Please give us a bandaid. That is not what is going to happen. That is not the right thing to do. Any Republican Senator who thinks they can pass the individual mandate and then turn around and get Murray- Alexander passed is dead wrong. It is clear the dark tradeoff at the center of the Republican policy agenda is back— cutting healthcare in order to fund tax giveaways to the very wealthy and very powerful. Democrats will not go for it. So that is one reason this provi-sion is a bad one. The second change the Republicans made to their tax bill was to have many of their tax provisions for indi-viduals expire while corporate tax breaks remained permanent. With this new proposal, Republicans have put themselves between a rock and a hard place. The provisions that help individ-uals—and not enough middle-class folks were helped—expire by 2025. The corporate tax cuts to the wealthiest of corporations above all are permanent. Why did our colleagues do this? For one, they favor the big corporate, pow-erful interests over the middle class, but the second is, they had a huge def-icit problem. They had to figure out where to reduce the deficit, and so they took it out on the crumbs they gave to the middle class in the earlier years in this bill. One of two things will happen. Some of our Republican colleagues are say-ing, ‘‘Don’t worry. We will extend the middle-class tax cuts after 2025,’’ but that will create a huge deficit. So I say to my colleagues—particularly the def-icit hawks—you can’t have it both ways. You cannot say we are going to protect the middle class after 2025, and we are going to reduce the deficit. This bill is a deficit budget buster. We all know what will happen. We all know the deficit will skyrocket after 2025. We can’t allow the sort of tricks that are put into this bill to dissuade us from the fact that this bill dramatically will increase the deficit. There are two problems with this tax bill. One is inside the confines of the bill, and one is with the public after the bill passes—should it pass, which I think it will not. Inside the bill, as I mentioned, Republicans are stuck be-tween raising taxes on millions of mid-dle-class families or busting the def-icit. There is no choice. You can’t have it both ways. The bill is a dramatic ex-position of being between a rock and a hard place. There are two choices the bill gives people: raise taxes on the middle class or dramatically increase the deficit. Outside the bill, with the public, Re-publicans have a dilemma as well. If they don’t pass the bill, they look feck-less and unable to govern—and that is what is motivating most of my col-leagues—but if they pass the bill, there is going to be public outrage, and they are going to pay a real price in 2018. They know it. Outside the bill, the Republicans have two bad choices too. Outside the confines of the bill, in broad-brush strokes, our Republican colleagues can fail to pass the bill and look unable to govern or they can pass the bill—dra-matically unpopular—and pay a price at the polls. These are not enviable choices. They are a Gordian knot that my Republican friends will not be able to slip out of. If they pull on one part of the knot, they tighten another part of it. The reason my colleagues are caught in this lose-lose situation is, they have elected time and time again to eschew bipartisanship. Passing legislation of this magnitude with the votes of one party is divisive and demanding. A small number—say the Freedom Cau-cus—can demand almost all the tax breaks go to the very wealthy or they will not vote for the bill. That gives the rest of the Republicans a difficult choice: hurt the middle class or blow a hole in the deficit. On the other hand, if our Republican colleagues had worked with us, that Freedom Caucus would have no say. They wouldn’t have the votes to kill the bill because there would be lots of Democratic support. Passing legislation of this mag-nitude, with votes of only one party is divisive and demanding. It has meant Republicans have produced legislation that appeals to only a small number of Americans, and, probably in their heart of hearts, even a minority of Re-publicans. We are a fiercely divided country. Legislation that is crafted to appease the extremes of only one polit-ical party is never going to be broadly popular with the American people and, frankly, will not work. That is why we should pursue bipar-tisan legislation, both parties accept-ing the credit of success and the blame of failure. The American people are clamoring for us to work together in such a fashion, and working together doesn’t mean a bill crafted behind closed doors under reconciliation, which basically says to Democrats: Take a hike. We don’t need you. I say to my Republican friends, there is a way out of this mess, and it is sim-ple: reject your Faustian bargains and come to work with Democrats on a real bipartisan reform bill. You will not have to choose between blowing up the deficit and hurting the middle class. You will not have to choose between unpopular legislation and legislative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.006 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7229 November 15, 2017 
failure. Just like Alexander-Murray proved, we can produce legislation on the thorniest of issues that will receive bipartisan support and improve the conditions of working and middle-class Americans. Why don’t we give this a try on tax reform as well—because the choices you are giving yourself now, you will regret. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I say to the Presiding Officer, I am glad you are here to replace me as the Presiding Of-ficer of the Senate. I spent the last hour of the Senate presiding, and for those of you in the Gallery who don’t know these things, I will pull back the curtain a little bit. It is called Pre-siding Officer duty, not Presiding Offi-cer privilege or honor, because it is re-served for the young Senators who are new to the Senate, such as Senator S
ULLIVAN and me. It also means that we actually have to listen to our col-leagues’ speeches, which doesn’t hap-pen very often around here anymore. This morning I had the privilege of listening to the Democratic leader’s speech about our tax bill and the fact that we are going to repeal the hated mandate of ObamaCare as part of this tax bill, and I just can’t let stand what he said without correcting the record. First, the Senator from New York said that we are ‘‘injecting healthcare into the tax bill.’’ Injecting healthcare into the tax bill? I would remind him and all the other Democrats who have been denouncing this decision on the Senate Finance Committee that the in-dividual mandate is a tax according not to me, not to Republicans, but to the Obama administration. That is what they argued in 2012 to the Su-preme Court, even though they con-tended throughout the debate on ObamaCare in 2009 and 2010 that it wasn’t a tax. In 2012, they argued to the Supreme Court that the ObamaCare mandate is a tax, and the Supreme Court upheld it as a tax. I am willing to bet that the Demo-cratic leader issued a statement in the summer of 2012 applauding that deci-sion which held that the individual mandate is a tax. After all, it is col-lected on your 1040. It is collected by the IRS. It doesn’t get more ‘‘taxy’’ than that. My second point is on the claim that 13 million Americans will lose their in-surance—lose their insurance—if we re-peal the mandate. Well, two-thirds of the American people want us to repeal the mandate, so they must be up to something. Secondly, let’s think about what the mandate repeal does. It doesn’t cut a single dime out of Med-icaid, it doesn’t cut a single dime out of insurance subsidies for people on the exchanges, and it doesn’t change a sin-gle regulation of Obamacare. All it says is that the IRS cannot fine you for being unable to afford the insurance that ObamaCare made unaffordable in the first place. That is right. Today, if you cannot afford your insurance be-cause ObamaCare made it unaffordable, the IRS will fine you and your family up to $2,000 a year, and that number goes up every year. Let me tell you, more than five out of six households who pay that fine make less than the median income in this country. That is right. That is a direct tax on working families and poor people because they can’t afford the insurance that ObamaCare made unaffordable. In Ar-kansas, there are over 55,000 families who already have to deal with the inse-curity and financial hardship of not having health insurance and who then have to pay a fine to the IRS. That is why two-thirds of the American people have wanted us to repeal the individual mandate of ObamaCare since the very day that law was passed, and that is why we are about to finally repeal that mandate. In the meantime, it is going to pay for more tax relief for working-class families. We are going to bring rates down for all of our families, preserve more popular or widely used deductions or credits that help people make ends meet, such as the home mortgage in-terest deduction credit. It will help them be a little more generous to their church or local charities through the charitable deduction. It will help them offset the cost of some of their prop-erty or State and local income taxes— all because we are going to repeal the hated ObamaCare mandate. I know the Democrats are in high dudgeon these days. Turn on C–SPAN, if you have nothing better to do, and watch the Senate Finance Committee, and they will say: Oh, we are injecting healthcare into the tax bill. Oh, 13 mil-lion people are going to lose their in-surance. What we are doing is repealing the most hated tax of ObamaCare and giv-ing the American people the freedom to choose insurance that is right for them without being threatened by a fine from the IRS if that insurance doesn’t meet some Washington bureau-crat’s definition of what is suitable. That is why two-thirds of the Amer-ican people support the repeal of the individual mandate, and that is why, when we repeal it, the American people are going to have a big victory, not-withstanding what the Democratic leader or any other Democratic Sen-ator has said. Mr. President, I yield my time. Have fun during Presiding Officer duty. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of the fol-lowing nomination, which the clerk will report. The bill clerk read the nomination of Mark T. Esper, of Virginia, to be Sec-retary of the Army. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will now be up to 10 minutes of debate on the nomi-nation, equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the nomination of Dr. Mark Esper to serve as the next Sec-retary of the Army. The Senate Armed Services Committee held a hearing on his nomination on November 2, and he was voted out of committee shortly thereafter. Dr. Esper is a proud graduate of the U.S. Military Academy. Following his graduation from West Point, Dr. Esper served as a rifle platoon leader and sub-sequently deployed with the 101st Air-borne Division during the 1991 Gulf war. He went on to command an air-borne rifle company that supported a NATO rapid reaction force. As such, Dr. Esper has learned the trade of a soldier from the very basics, leading other young Americans in combat. To me, that is probably the best training one could have to be a Secretary of any service. Following Dr. Esper’s active duty service, he transferred to the Virginia National Guard. He ultimately retired with the rank of lieutenant colonel. In addition to Dr. Esper’s military career, he also has a wealth of public policy service, having worked on Cap-itol Hill as Majority Leader Bill Frist’s national security adviser, as well as serving in the Department of Defense during President George W. Bush’s ad-ministration. Finally, for the past 7 years, Dr. Esper has worked at Raytheon, where he rose to the senior echelons of the company to serve as the vice president for Government Relations. The U.S. Army is one of our greatest institutions, and if Dr. Esper is con-firmed today, he will be leading an or-ganization at a time in which it is fac-ing many challenges. Most urgently, the Army must continue to improve full spectrum readiness while, at the same time, deploy soldiers around the world. The Army also continues to grapple with modernizing the force, to include how best to make targeted investments in programs and canceling those efforts that are underperforming or are cost prohibitive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.007 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7230 November 15, 2017 
Based on Dr. Esper’s qualifications and experience, as well as his testi-mony before the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee, I will vote in favor of his nomination to be the next Sec-retary of the Army. Dr. Esper’s unique perspective will enable him to tackle many challenges facing the Army head-on, and I trust that as the next Secretary of the Army, he will do his best to lead the men and women, and their families, who serve this Nation so ably and cou-rageously. Once again, I would like to say that with his experience as an infantry pla-toon leader at the front, with soldiers of the 101st Airborne Division, he knows—as few people do—the real cost of our national security and the real challenge of being in our Army. It is keeping faith with those men and women and it is doing everything they can and we can to protect this Nation. With that experience, I am very con-fident that he will be an extraordinary Secretary of the Army. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
NOMINATION OF DAVID ZATEZALO  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I wish to make a statement about the second vote we are going to have, and I urge my colleagues to vote against the nom-ination of David Zatezalo as the Mine Safety and Health Administrator. MSHA is responsible for protecting the safety and health of miners in this country and for holding companies that put their workers’ lives at risk ac-countable. So it really is disappointing to me that President Trump nominated one of the industry’s worst health and safety offenders to lead this critically important agency. This is, unfortunately, just another in a long list of decisions by President Trump that jeopardizes workers’ health, safety, and financial security in order to prioritize corporations and special interests. I really hope our colleagues will join me in rejecting President Trump’s ex-treme agenda and this nominee. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak on the nomination of Dr. Mark Esper to be Secretary of the Army. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MCCAIN. Mr. President, I rise today to support the nomination of Dr. Mark Esper to be Secretary of the Army. Perhaps more than any other service, our Army is experiencing the strain of 16 years of continuous con-flict. From our troops on the ground in Afghanistan and Iraq to recent head-lines about the tragic loss of four sol-diers in Niger, there are constant re-minders that we remain a nation at war. And with rising threats around the world, the operational tempo is not slowing down. We owe our young men and women in uniform leadership that fits their serv-ice. I am confident that Dr. Esper will provide our Army with that leadership. His record of service in the Army, in the Pentagon, and on Capitol Hill pro-vides the foundation for the leadership our soldiers deserve. I am also con-fident that he will call upon his experi-ence in the private sector to bring a re-form mindset to the many challenges facing our Army, such as the readiness crisis and the urgent gaps in capabili-ties and modernization. Dr. Esper began his career as an In-fantry officer in the 101st Airborne Di-vision, serving with distinction in the first Gulf war. He later served on ac-tive duty in Europe, and on the Army staff in Washington, DC, before transitioning to the National Guard and retiring after 21 years of service. He was an Airborne Ranger and recipi-ent of the Legion of Merit, Bronze Star, and Meritorious Service Medals, among other awards and qualifications. Dr. Esper also worked national secu-rity issues on Capitol Hill with many of my colleagues here. He was a profes-sional staff member on the Senate For-eign Relations Committee and the House Armed Services Committee. Later, he served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense. I will not hold it against him that he is a graduate of the U.S. Military Acad-emy at West Point. He also holds de-grees from Harvard University’s John F. Kennedy School of Government and George Washington University. Our soldiers continue to prove their commitment, courage, skill, and deter-mination. In return, we owe them the same kind of leadership. I believe Dr. Esper will provide that leadership. I am proud to support Dr. Esper’s nomination, and I ask my colleagues to do the same. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Esper nomination? Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. CRUZ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ) and the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) are necessarily ab-sent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 89, nays 6, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 274 Ex.] YEAS—89 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—6 
Gillibrand Harris Markey Merkley Sanders Warren 
NOT VOTING—5 
Booker Cruz Feinstein Menendez Tillis 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time is considered expired. The Senator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the votes fol-lowing the first vote in this series be 10 minutes in length. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Zatezalo nomi-nation? Mr. WICKER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) are necessarily absent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.010 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7231 November 15, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 275 Ex.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—46 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Booker Menendez 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that with respect to the Zatezalo nomination, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, with re-spect to the Esper nomination, the mo-tion to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table and the Presi-dent will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comptroller of the Currency for a term of five years. Mitch McConnell, John Barrasso, David Perdue, Tom Cotton, John Kennedy, Luther Strange, Roger F. Wicker, Roy Blunt, Cory Gardner, John Hoeven, Mike Rounds, Thom Tillis, John Bar-rasso, John Thune, James M. Inhofe, Bob Corker, John Cornyn. The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comptroller of the Currency for a term of five years, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 54, nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 276 Ex.] YEAS—54 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—44 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Booker Menendez 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 54, the nays are 44. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comptroller of the Currency for a term of five years. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN  
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, all year the majority has tried to ram through legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act and replace it with proposals that, in effect, cut healthcare for mil-lions of people to finance tax cuts for those who make millions of dollars in income. All year the American people have made it perfectly clear that this was the opposite of what they wanted. Fortunately, those repeal efforts failed. Now, instead of listening to the American people and learning from that failure, the majority has doubled down on its tax plan. Like healthcare, they have made no attempt to bring both sides together. In the Senate, we only saw the bill last Thursday. I am on the Finance Committee. I have been on there for years. It wasn’t even in legislative language on Thursday. I remember back in the healthcare debate, 9 years ago, when people were saying: Read the bill. Read the bill. We came to the markup yesterday to offer amendments. There still wasn’t a bill. There was not a bill. Thomas Jefferson used to say—and it didn’t happen—that he hoped that when these legislatures were put to-gether in the U.S. Congress, you would have to introduce a bill and, then, it would take 365 days before it could be enacted into legislation. Maybe that is where the tea party got the idea in 2009. Where are they now? We have not had a single hearing on this bill. Now they are marking up the most consequential tax policy in 31 years, one affecting every single American and moving around trillions of dollars in this economy. Remember back during the healthcare debate when it was 16 per-cent of our economy and people were saying: Read the bill. You had better read this bill. There is not a school board in Colorado that would accept this process. There is not a city council that would accept this process. We have more process for a small decision about where parking meters should go than we have had in this process. People are upset for good reason. When you rush big things, when you don’t listen to different views, you get bad policy. I have heard the majority leader say that on this floor. There is a reason why they are trying to rush it through. There is a reason why they don’t want America to have a chance to read the bill or for their rep-resentatives to this Chamber to read the bill. That is because, just like the healthcare proposals they made, the majority’s tax plan is fundamentally flawed. Over the course of the cam-paign, President Trump—then Can-didate Trump—promised the American people: ‘‘No cuts to Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid.’’ That is not fake news. That is what he said. He said that ‘‘everybody’s got to be covered,’’ speaking of health insurance. He said: Everybody’s got to be covered. . . . Everybody’s going to be taken care of much better than they’re taken care of now. 
He promised the public: ‘‘You’re going to end up with great healthcare for a fraction of the price.’’ That is what he told the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.002 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7232 November 15, 2017 
Yesterday, a year after the election, and after 8 years of saying repeal and replace, repeal and replace, repeal and replace, it turned out that, because there was no idea how to replace it— there was no consensus on the Repub-lican side about how to replace it; they failed twice to do it until yesterday— they added changes to a tax bill, lit-erally in the middle of the night, that would cause 13 million people, accord-ing to the Congressional Budget Office, to lose health insurance. It would in-crease premiums by up to 10 percent, according to the Congressional Budget Office, on the individual market each year. You can’t make it up. It would lead to a $25 billion cut in Medicare. That is what is happening here while people are distracted by what is going on in the Senate race in Alabama. How does this proposal in any way square with the President’s promises during the campaign? All year we saw tax cuts masquerading as a healthcare point. I went home to Colorado and people said: Michael, you work with people in a bipartisan way all the time. Why aren’t you working on this healthcare bill? There is no one in Colorado, in-cluding the critics of the Affordable Care Act, who said to me: Michael, I have a good idea for helping me with my healthcare: Give the wealthiest people in America a tax cut. Nobody came and said: Let’s cut Medicaid by 40 percent when we are facing the opioid crisis that we are facing. So they masqueraded it as a healthcare plan, and now we have a healthcare plan masquerading as a tax plan. On top of that, this plan doubles down on the claim that tax cuts for the wealthiest people in America and busi-nesses not only trickle down to every-one else but also pay for themselves. That part is not surprising because that has been the Republican answer for what ails our economy. When our economy was up and our deficit was down, they cut taxes for the top 1 percent of Americans, making an average of $2 million. When our econ-omy was down and our deficit was up, they cut taxes on the top 1 percent, making an average of $2 million. Now, they are embracing exactly the same game plan in their tax plan. The Senate bill overwhelmingly ben-efits people and businesses who have done extremely well in this economy. As a former businessperson myself, I have nothing against that success. In fact, I embrace that success. My issue is that trickle-down economics as a theory for economic growth has been entirely discredited by our own experi-ences. This is not a theoretical exercise anymore. It is not as if these argu-ments haven’t been made time and again and then proven to be false. That leaves me to wonder why this plan or at least the version we debated yester-day—I am not as sure about it today— gives roughly $50,000 in tax cuts to those making over $1 million. For Americans earning under $200,000, which is 19 million households, they would actually see a tax increase. Another 54 million households would see virtually no benefit at all. I agree that America needs tax re-form. It is not about a political impera-tive for doing tax reform. America needs tax reform. That is why I joined the Finance Committee. Tax reform means we should clean up special inter-est carve-outs. I have to stop for a minute and pause on that point. For years, as part of the Gang of 8, as the Simpson-Bowles Com-mission came through and was crushed, and as there were bipartisan discus-sions, always what people said was that, on the corporate side, what we are going to do is to lower the rate and broaden the base. That was the plan. The way we were going to do that was by getting rid of a whole bunch of spe-cial interest loopholes. What this bill does is to lower the rate, but it forgets about the second part of the equation. If you look at the broadening of the base, you actually have to take away someone’s loophole, and that is hard to do. So instead, what they are doing is lowering the rate and leaving the loopholes where they are— what a disaster. It took 31 years to get tax reform in this Chamber, and that is the answer? Today, if you don’t like the situa-tion, we have the highest published corporate rate in the world. I don’t like that because that is uncompetitive for the United States at 35 percent. But one of the things we know about it is that, because of all those loopholes, very few people pay the 35 percent. Some do, and that is very unfair. The average effective rate is more like 23 percent, not 35 percent, and that is be-cause companies can use loopholes. They can move money overseas. If you are a newspaper company or you are a trucking company here, you can’t do that. That is why you pay the 35 per-cent. That is not fair, but this bill does nothing to take on those challenges— nothing. We need tax reform to get rid of those special interest carve-outs. We should take steps to help our busi-nesses compete, to unlock our energy economy, and to modernize the electric grid. We need comprehensive and bipar-tisan reform. This cannot be done. I want to give Republicans the chance to blame Democrats for things they don’t like and Democrats to do the same, so we can actually get a result that is real reform, not something crammed through with 51 votes and a healthcare bill on top of it. It has been a terrible thing to see this Senate slide into the place where it is today. Mr. President, I say to the Presiding Officer, I know enough about you to know that you are not satisfied with the fact that we have been running this government on 30 continuing resolu-tions for the last 10 years and that we can’t pass a proper budget. We don’t have an appropriations process any-more in the Senate. It is disgraceful. We would not accept it for any other institution of government or business on the planet. Certainly, we wouldn’t accept it in Colorado. When I was superintendent of schools, if I had told people: Well, we have a little bit of a disagreement; so I am going to shut the government down until we can deal with this continuing resolution, they would have thrown me out. But that is what we have been doing here for the last 10 years. Now we have sunk to a new low. There has been no attempt to bring the parties together on this—none. The re-sult is a deeply flawed proposal, com-pletely at odds with what our economy needs. If you accept the logic of the Repub-lican plan, the problem with our econ-omy is that the wealthiest institutions and individuals in the United States don’t have enough money to invest and create high-paying jobs for everyone else. Sometimes I hear people at home say: I don’t have anything against rich people—neither do I. But the logic that somehow, if you give somebody at the top a tax cut, that is going to result in an increase to other people’s income is completely contradicted by the facts. Here is what has happened in Amer-ica since 1987, over the last 30 years. This is the median family income. This is middle class in America, which basi-cally for 40 years hasn’t had a pay raise—has not had a pay raise. This can’t be blamed on some Socialist who is named Barack Obama; this is 40 years of American economic history— no pay raise. Over that period of time, here is what has happened to corporate profits. If the logic were true, if the logic were correct or right, we would see the mid-dle-class income rising more and doing better as corporate income statements and balance sheets hit alltime highs, which they have. Shown here is the great recession. Here is where we are today. Here is where we were before the great recession. Here is median house-hold income—stubbornly flat. The balance sheets of the biggest companies in this country are awash in cash—awash in cash. It has not led them to help lift this line. The result of this has been a huge widening of the in-come gap in America. If trickle-down economics really worked, every American would do bet-ter as incomes at the top rose. Instead, what has happened is that the top 10 percent, which is roughly 11 million people out of a total of 330 million peo-ple in America, are earning an average of $475,000. That top 10 percent now rep-resents a larger share of America’s wealth than everyone else. Look at this. Here is the 10 percent. These are the folks who on average are making $475,000. Obviously, many peo-ple in here make a lot more than that, but that is the average. They now earn more than the bottom 90 percent of earners in America. That is not the way this country has been. You have to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.019 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7233 November 15, 2017 
go back to 1928—the year before the Great Depression—to see that level of income inequality in America. In be-tween then and now, what we saw was a rise in the middle class, an economy that benefited everybody and lifted up everyone and gave them a chance to save and provide for their families. That is not happening anymore. The top 1 percent are earning about 20 per-cent of the income. It seems to me that the challenge with our economy is not that the folks at the very top don’t have enough. They have more than they have ever had by a lot. The top 10 percent have over 50 percent of the income in Amer-ica. The bottom 90 percent—it seems crazy to even say bottom 90 percent. It is not the bottom 10 percent; it is the rest of America, it is 90 percent of America who earns less. That is the challenge we confront, the challenge that incomes for everyone else haven’t kept pace with the rising costs of hous-ing or healthcare or higher education or childcare. Several months ago, I met a mom in Rifle, CO, at an early childhood center. That is on the West Slope of Colorado. She and the other moms were so happy that they had this early childhood cen-ter because before that, they had to drive 30 miles to Glenwood Springs for childcare. This mom said to me during the course of our conversation: ‘‘I have a job so I can have health insurance, and every single dollar I earn goes to pay for this early childhood center so I can work.’’ There are families all over my State who are stuck in that place, where at the end of every month, they have to decide what they are going to go with-out. They can’t afford housing. They can’t afford college. They can’t afford early childhood education. Their not being able to afford housing is increas-ingly becoming a huge issue. There are too many Americans who are facing those unbelievably difficult choices. Those of you who are here might say: Well, just tough it out. That is your issue. Work harder. These folks are killing themselves. They are killing themselves, but they are having to make choices and deci-sions because our economy is not work-ing well enough for everybody and not working at all for everybody. They are having to make choices their parents and grandparents never had to make. Erin Barnes is another one of my constituents. She lives in Thornton, CO, with her husband and two kids. Both Erin and her husband have col-lege degrees and middle-class jobs. They are working. They are educated. Erin works in marketing, and her hus-band runs an IT department. Earlier this month, she wrote to my office, describing how they ‘‘don’t have luxuries like cable television, haircuts, lattes, manicures, or even new clothes. . . . My children all wear hand-me- downs from friends. And yet, we make $1,200 less per month than we spend. . . . It’s not that we’re irresponsible: our monthly mortgage payment is only 25 percent of our income. How are the pieces not fitting together?’’ As the Presiding Officer knows, in America, consumer spending drives 70 percent of our economy. When costs rise and middle-class families’ wages stay flat, families like Erin’s cut back, forgoing books for their kids, birthday presents, healthcare. Multiply that across millions of Americans—the 90 percent we are talking about here—and that has a dramatic effect on our econ-omy because they are the folks who drive the 70 percent of our economy that is driven by consumer spending. That is the problem we need to solve. That should be our focus for their sake but also to drive our economy, not folks who have done the best in the economy and who are doing great. I am glad they are doing great. One way to help families like Erin’s is the American Family Act, which I wrote with Senator S
HERROD BROWN , which triples the tax credit. Under our plan, Erin’s family would gain $300 per child each month. Not only does the Republican plan largely ignore families like Erin’s, it burdens her children with another $1.5 trillion in debt for the favor of doing nothing for them. You will hear over and over again the Republicans’ claim that their tax cuts pay for themselves. We heard that in the committee today. Anybody who has lived through what has happened since President Clinton was President of the United States knows that is false. It was the logic that was used in 2001, the logic that was used in 2003, and it is what took us from having a $5 trillion projected surplus—you don’t hear that word around here very often—when Bill Clinton finished being President to the record deficits we have today. Let me make sure I have the right chart up here. I do. In 1981, Ronald Reagan signed major tax cuts and claimed they would pay for themselves. By the end of his term, our national debt had risen 62 percent. In the 1990s, President Clinton raised taxes at the top and cut spending to balance the budget, and the economy boomed. That was with a Republican Congress, I was reminded today by Chairman H
ATCH —one of the truly de-cent people in this place. By 1999, the U.S. Senate, believe it or not, actually held hearings on what to do with a $5.6 trillion projected sur-plus. I am not making this up. I know that Democrats have a rep-utation for not caring about fiscal mat-ters and that Republicans have a rep-utation for taking them seriously. I don’t know how that happened, but that is not the history. That is not the history. When George Bush was elected Presi-dent, he passed two tax cuts, pros-ecuted two wars that were not paid for, and signed a $400 billion prescription drug benefit without paying for any of it. Medicare Part D—didn’t pay for a dollar of it. The reason that today we collect $1 for every $3 we spend in Medicare is largely because of what was done under President Bush. When President Obama assumed of-fice, from day one, he inherited a $1.2 trillion annual deficit and an economy in free fall. We were losing 800,000 jobs a month, and unemployment was climbing to 10 percent. Back then—and I was here—during the worst downturn since the Great De-pression, Republican leaders all of a sudden remembered their conservative fiscal discipline, just when the Amer-ican people needed their help the most. It was not when the economy was going well at the beginning of the Bush ad-ministration, not when we had a sur-plus, but when we had a $1.2 trillion deficit caused by the policies of the previous administration and a failure in the housing market. That drove us into the worst recession since the Great Depression. Citing the debt that we had then, which Barack Obama had not put on the balance sheets of the U.S. Govern-ment, every Republican opposed Presi-dent Obama’s economic recovery pack-age to stabilize our economy, and not only that, they called it a Bolshevik takeover of the United States of Amer-ica. Now, after inheriting a booming stock market and 4 percent unemploy-ment, Republicans propose to add $1.5 trillion to our debt to give roughly $50,000 in tax cuts to those making over $1 million in this country—again, to this line, as shown on the chart. Today, America’s debt is over $20 trillion. We could face another eco-nomic downturn 4 months from now or 6 months from now or an armed con-flict on the Korean Peninsula. The debt suffocates our ability to respond, just as it has suffocated our ability to deal with the opioid epidemic. When I got here, there was barely an opioid epidemic in America, and over the last decade, it has flooded our country. But if you live in a rural part of my State, if you live in the San Luis Valley in Colorado, your access to ad-diction treatment is the same as it was 10 years ago because we are broke, be-cause we can’t work in a bipartisan way to deal with these issues. It is dis-graceful, just as it was disgraceful to cut taxes in 2003 just after we sent our troops into Iraq. That was maybe the height of disgraceful. When we know there may be some-thing imminent on the Korean Penin-sula, when we know the Middle East is in the turmoil it is in, is this really the moment we want to do this? I will say this on this floor: If my col-leagues vote for this plan, they forfeit any right to claim they are fiscal con-servatives. And I am sad to say this— I really am; I think my colleague from Colorado would know I am telling the truth when I say I am sad to say this— but I have learned over the past 9 years that the only time the majority seems to care about fiscal responsibility is when they are not actually responsible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.020 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7234 November 15, 2017 
for it. In a sense, it is a devastatingly brilliant political strategy. You come to Washington arguing that the gov-ernment is incompetent, then you ex-plode the debt, then you point to the debt as evidence of Washington’s in-competence. And here is how it all ended in 2016: You elect a President who promised that he would eliminate our debt ‘‘over a period of 8 years,’’ that he would deliver ‘‘a giant, beau-tiful, massive’’ tax cut, pass ‘‘one of the largest increases in defense spend-ing in American history,’’ while say-ing, ‘‘I’m not going to cut Social Secu-rity . . . and I’m not going to cut Medi-care or Medicaid.’’ Why not, he told the American people, since our national debt can be solved by ‘‘eliminating waste, fraud, and abuse in the federal government, ending redundant govern-ment programs, growing the econ-omy,’’ and ‘‘renegotiating all of our deals.’’ Here is the real problem. And I real-ize my colleagues are here. I am going to take a few more minutes, if that is OK. Last year, two-thirds of the Federal budget went to Medicare, Medicaid, So-cial Security, and other mandatory spending. Of the remaining third, half goes to national defense. After interest on the debt, that leaves just 10 percent for all of our investments in the fu-ture—in our future and our children’s future—in infrastructure, research, in-novation, and education. Over the years, because of the insan-ity around this place, Washington has slashed that part of the budget—which is called the domestic discretionary part of the budget—by 35 percent as a percentage of GDP. We have been real-ly good at hacking on the stuff that is easy to get to. This should all seem deeply unfair to Americans in their twenties and younger to know that we are invest-ing—simultaneously, we are investing less in them than our parents and grandparents invested in us, and then we have the nerve to say you need to pay back the debt we accrued; we are not going to pay it back. We are not going to invest in you, and we are going to make you pay it back. We are going to live in the house, but you are going to be stuck with the mortgage. When I served as the superintendent of the Denver Public Schools, we had to make hard choices to close schools, to modernize curriculums, and to fix unfunded pensions. We had intense fights. Like here, people had strong and principled disagreements, but un-like here—unlike in Washington—in Denver, the next generation was cause enough for us to set aside our dif-ferences and move forward. We under-stood that our children had no voice in our townhalls. Their future had no votes at the school board meetings. They only had us to do it for them. We have forgotten that here in Wash-ington, in these marbled halls and on the carpeted floors of the Senate and the House. We have abdicated our duty completely to the next generation. In-stead, we impose on them all the hard questions we fail to answer in our time. We are burdening the future with our debts. We are burdening them with the hard choices we avoid, with the easy path we follow, with the baseless claims we accept that tax cuts for folks who are doing great somehow trickle down and pay for themselves. That is false. If this plan passes, Washington will once again encroach on the rights of our children and our grandchildren to enjoy the same freedom and oppor-tunity our parents and grandparents handed us. What a shameful legacy that would be. What a surrender of our responsibility as Americans. We have to set aside this flawed pro-posal and this broken process and in-stead have an honest, bipartisan effort that contends forthrightly with the substantive challenges of our fiscal condition and the political difficulties attendant to solving them. I may be wrong, but I suspect what history will prove is, no meaningful solution can be found by one party alone. I thank my colleagues for their in-dulgence, especially my friend from Missouri who is here. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Missouri. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, for 8 years, working families have seen their wages stay pretty much exactly where they were and, in some cases, they have seen their wages go down and their income go down. I will say again that the goal of this tax proposal should be to immediately do what we can to see an increase in take-home pay for those families and to do everything we can in the Tax Code to make us more competitive, to see that they have better jobs to start with and more competition for the good work they do. Our Tax Code clearly is broken. It is taking money out of the pockets of hard-working families and standing in the way of stronger economic growth, and we can and should and must do something about that. That is why the Senate is moving toward the passage of a bill that will address that Tax Code from both ends—more take-home pay now, better jobs with more pay to start with, and more take-home pay later. According to the Tax Foundation, under the Senate’s proposal, middle-in-come families in Missouri will see an estimated increase of about $2,400 in their aftertax income. When we con-sider the fact that nearly 6 in 10 Ameri-cans say they don’t have enough sav-ings to cover a $500 emergency or a $1,000 emergency, $200 a month really matters. There may be people talking about how the Tax Code doesn’t do enough of this and enough of that, and at the higher end we should do more or we should do less, but no family who is working hard every day in the middle range of income in our country doesn’t think that $200 a month makes a dif-ference to them. At another level—at the $50,000 level—I think for that fam-ily, it is about $1,100 a year, so $100 a month makes a difference as well. This proposal would make our Tax Code simpler and easier to understand by just simply cutting out all of the de-ductions that only a few people are able to take advantage of so everybody looks at the Tax Code and has more reason to believe that everybody is not only going to be treated fairly, but ev-erybody is being treated the same. There are deductions in this bill we should keep where they are. There are deductions like the child tax credit that we should increase. In fact, the Senate proposal that that committee will start, with the opportunity to amend further tomorrow—the Senate proposal doubles the child tax credit to $2,000 per child. Senator KLOBUCHAR , my friend from Minnesota and the cochairman of the adoption caucus, and I were on the floor yesterday, pleased to be talking about tax credits, and certainly I am pleased to see that the adoption tax credit continues to be in this bill. The new mark also reduces indi-vidual rates. The current rate of 22.5 goes lower. The 25-percent rate goes to 24 percent, and the 32.5 goes to 32 per-cent. What does that mean? That is all very complicated, but what people know, or at least their accountant knows, is that everybody sort of pays the same percentage on the first amount of income and then they pay a little higher percentage if they make it into the second bracket and a little higher if they make it into the third bracket. When all of those percentages go down, the total tax benefit for tax-payers is impacted by that. There are direct benefits in this bill but also benefits that continue to en-courage small business. The estimation for small business is that 97 percent of all business in Missouri are small busi-nesses, and the average tax cut for those businesses would be about $3,000 a year. These small businesses are the engines that drive the economy. They are the engines that drive growth. This bill understands that. This bill understands working fami-lies who haven’t had a break in their paycheck in 8 years now, and it is time for them to be able to take home more of the money they earn. It is also time for us to do everything we can to see that they are going to have more competition for the good work they do in the future. More com-petition and more ability to compete with other countries and other compa-nies mean better jobs. That is what this is about. It is a tax bill about fam-ilies and jobs. I look forward to everyone in the Senate having a chance to amend the bill on the floor and to watch what I think has been a significant improve-ment in the bill as the Finance Com-mittee has had a chance to look at it. They will have a chance to amend it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.021 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7235 November 15, 2017 
Then we have a chance—those of us not on that committee—to look at what they have done and see what we can do to make it even better before we go to conference with the House and put a bill on the President’s desk. We will do that. I am confident we will be success-ful here, and successful this year, in a way that matters to working families. I see my colleague from Colorado is here. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to join in a col-loquy with my freshmen colleagues. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I want to talk about the last time we did tax reform, in 1986. In 1986, I was in the sixth grade. I had just come back from Camp Cheley, from sixth grade camp. I think the Atari 7800 was the popular model that we all wanted for Christ-mas. I believe the Ford LTD station wagon was rolling off the assembly lines that year. ‘‘Top Gun’’ was No. 1 at the box office. That was 1986. It is important be-cause that is the last time we did tax reform in this Chamber. That is the last time we enacted meaningful, com-prehensive tax reform. This Congress has an incredible op-portunity before us today. Our col-leagues have an opportunity to grow this economy, to get wages growing again, and to create opportunity for the American people that they haven’t seen in far too long. Over the past decade, Americans have been working harder than they ever have before, but they have watched as the haves have more and the have-nots have less, and they are tired of it. We have seen stagnant wages and work hours growing. That is what this debate is about. It is about people who want to stand up for Colo-radans and people around this country to make sure we grow this economy so people can stop working two or three jobs that they have to now just to try to make ends meet, so they can finally start to see wages grow. I am going to be joined throughout this afternoon’s debate by the class of 2014, Members of the Senate who were elected in 2014 as a result of a message of economic opportunity—Senators from Georgia and North Carolina and West Virginia and Arkansas elected be-cause we believed in an America that was growing again. We believed in an America that didn’t have to settle for second place, it didn’t have to settle for mediocrity or decline, but an Amer-ica that with the right economic poli-cies, the right tax policies, we could lift the burdens off the backs of the American people, off the backs of American businesses, and get this country back to work. That is what this debate is about. Over the past several weeks, we have heard a lot of debate about what the Senate bill is going to be, what the House bill is going to be. Over the past several years, the Senate Finance Com-mittee has held over 70 committee hearings on the issue of tax reform, countless reports, paperwork done, eco-nomic models to show what this tax re-form needed to look like. We have had open debates from both sides of the aisle, a chance to say how do we reduce the tax burden on the American people and get this economy moving again. What the Senate has come up with is a package that is estimated to create 1 million jobs across this country—1 mil-lion jobs across this country—accord-ing to the Tax Foundation. In Colo-rado, that means a $3,000-plus increase in average aftertax income. If you don’t think $3,000 is a heck of a lot of money to people, look at the statistics. The statistics show that the average American family—a significant per-centage of them; percentages of Amer-ican families—don’t have 24-hour ac-cess to just a few hundred dollars. They can’t find—they don’t have access to just a couple hundred dollars in a 24- hour time period. One-third of Ameri-cans, if they had to come up with $500 today, it would be a fiscal crisis for their household. We are talking about an opportunity to grow wages. In fact, the Tax Foun-dation says a 4.4-percent increase in average aftertax income will occur as a result of the Senate bill. I will yield to my colleague from Georgia. We are going to get this easel out of his way, but first I want to show one chart that shows how wage growth can happen. If you look across the world and you see nations that have low statutory tax rates and you see nations that have high statutory tax rates, you will see that those nations that have the lowest statutory corporate tax rates see the highest wage growth. People who work in these countries with low statutory tax rates, they see the highest average wage growth. Countries with high stat-utory tax rates—this red line right here—their wage growth is less than 1 percent. Do you know where the United States falls? The United States falls as the highest statutory corporate tax rate in the industrialized world. Our wage growth is at the bottom. Low tax rates result in high wage growth. This fight is for the middle class of America. This fight is for hard- working American families. This fight is to grow wages across the State of Colorado, from the Eastern Plains to the Western Slope, and around the country. I hope all of us will be en-gaged in this fight. I am going to turn this debate over to our colleague from Georgia who has experience in business and who under-stands how taxes work and who under-stands how to make sure he is pro-viding for the people of Georgia. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I wish to thank my colleague from Colorado. I will not tell him what I was doing in 1986, the last time we adjusted the tax rate, but I just want to remind our col-leagues today that we are in a moment of crisis in the United States. Today we have a national debt crisis. I have been to this floor many times, and many of my colleagues have as well, to talk about this debt crisis. It affects our ability to do the things that we know are right to do—to deal with the victims of hurricanes, with na-tional security, and with our healthcare situation. Folks, we are losing the right to do the right thing. To solve this national debt crisis, we have to do many things. But one of the ways we can deal with this debt crisis— and one of the first things we have to do—is to grow our economy. The way to grow the economy is to roll back regulations, unleash our energy poten-tial, and, yes, finally, once and for all, fix this archaic tax system, which keeps us from being competitive with the rest of the world. In 1986, we had the third lowest cor-porate tax rate in history, in the world, and over the next 15 years we benefited from that. But at the same time, the more our economy grew, the lower the tax rates were taken in the rest of the world. Today, American businesses are taxed at one of the highest rates in the developed world: 35 percent. Mean-while, for example, Japan’s statutory corporate rate is just 23 percent; Ger-many is at 16 percent; Mexico is at 30 percent; the U.K. reduced theirs in 2009 from 30 percent to 19 percent, and they are about to go to 17 percent as we speak. As a matter of fact, the average rate in Europe is just 18 percent, while in Asia the average corporate tax rate is 20 percent. Why is the corporate tax rate so im-portant to an American worker? The corporate tax rate we have in America is the greatest burden the American worker has today. Why? Because it makes that American corporation less competitive with the rest of the world. It also makes that American corpora-tion vulnerable to foreign acquisitions of U.S. companies and then the moving of those headquarters and factories and jobs offshore. The No. 1 thing we can do for the American worker is to become com-petitive from a tax standpoint with the rest of the world. I have lived this. I have lived in Asia; I have lived in Eu-rope. I have worked here most of my career, and I know when this gets out of balance, and it is out of balance today. We are penalizing the American worker because of it. It is no secret, a lower corporate tax rate would make us more competitive globally. Our tax plan fixes this. We are one of the last countries that still has a tax on unrepatriated earnings. In other words, if we have a U.S. company that makes money overseas, it pays taxes over there; when they bring it over here, they have to pay tax here. We are the last country in the world that really has double taxation. We need to end that repatriation tax so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.023 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7236 November 15, 2017 
that we can free up almost $3 trillion of U.S. profits overseas and bring them back and invest in training, in plants, in facilities, and in research and devel-opment. Our plan makes that happen. We have an individual tax code that is 2.4 million words in length. Let me say that again: 2.4 million words in length. Wasn’t that the tax simplifica-tion law of 1986? I think it was. It is 2.4 million words in length. That is ridicu-lous, and it is entirely too complex. We all know that. Our plan will fix this. It is also estimated that, if we can get it enacted, this tax plan will create over 1 million new jobs because of the changes that we are enveloping into this Tax Code right now. In addition, it is estimated that the GDP growth will be more like 3.7 per-cent, instead of the 1.9 percent we have become used to over the last 8 years. Frankly, I believe there is no reason it can’t be significantly more. We are getting closer to getting this done, but I realize there is a lot more to do. It is more important now than ever that we don’t get bogged down in this Washington dysfunction and grid-lock. Last week, I mentioned that many Democrats supported the changes we are talking about in the Tax Code, right up until President Trump took office. In fact, over the last several years—in fact, over the last several decades—many Democrats on the other side of the aisle and people in their place before agreed. This is not a partisan issue. This is about national security, if you want to get right down to it. It is about making America competitive again. Who would be against that? There are decades of quotes from Democrats and Repub-licans about this issue. This should be a bipartisan issue. In 1963, a very famous American made this quote: 
A tax cut means higher family income and higher business profits and a balanced fed-eral budget. Every taxpayer and his family will have more money left over after taxes. . . . Every businessman can keep a higher percentage of his [or her] profits in his [or her] cash reg-ister or to put it to work expanding or im-proving his business, and as the national in-come grows, the Federal Government will ul-timately end up with more revenues. 
That noted American was President John F. Kennedy, in 1963. If he were here today, I think he would admonish all of us to put our partisan bickering aside and get something like this done for the American people. Another quote: 
I think [the corporate rate] should be low-ered. We should try to get it as close to the international average as we can, so we’ll [once and for all] be competitive. 
That was Bill Clinton last year, 2016. Another quote: 
Get rid of the loopholes. Level the playing field. And use the savings to lower the cor-porate tax rate for the first time in 25 years. 
That was President Barack Obama in 2011, believe it or not. This is not a par-tisan issue. There are more minority party lead-ers in the House and the Senate who have also come out and spoken on this point: Today, 28 OECD countries and every other G–7 country has adopted some form of terri-torial tax system—and all these countries have lower corporate tax rates than the United States. This means that no matter what jurisdiction a U.S. multinational com-pany is competing in, they are competing at a disadvantage. 
That was the current Senate minor-ity leader in 2015. This is not a partisan issue. Another quote: ‘‘It is long past time for tax reform that would lower the corporate tax rate.’’ That was House Minority Leader P
ELOSI last year. This is not a partisan issue. This tax bill is being done under reg-ular order, including a committee markup this week, with plenty of amendments, and it will go to the floor as soon as we can get it there for de-bate and more amendments. I urge all my colleagues: Let’s put partisan politics aside once and for all and collaborate through the amend-ment process to do something historic, something that American workers de-serve, and that is to become competi-tive with the rest of the world again. Renew your support for the same tax changes your party has supported for years. I want to close with another quote from an individual I have long ad-mired, President John F. Kennedy, in 1962. 
I repeat: our practical choice is not be-tween a tax-cut deficit and a budget surplus. It is between two kinds of deficits: a chronic deficit of inertia, as the unwanted result of inadequate revenues and a restricted econ-omy, or a temporary deficit of transition, re-sulting from a tax cut designed to boost the economy, increase tax revenues, and achieve, I believe—and I believe this can be done—a budget surplus. The first type of deficit is a sign of waste and weakness; the second re-flects an investment in the future. 
Again, these are words from Presi-dent John F. Kennedy, while he was President, in 1962. This is not a par-tisan issue. Our tax plan is an investment in our future, just as John F. Kennedy said. It is an investment that will help all Americans. I know there is a lot of disinformation going on: This is only a tax break for the wealthy, and so forth. When the facts come out—and they have already come out; four Pinocchios have been given to those comments. Our tax plan will prove that when we get into the details. Equally important, getting this tax plan done to help all Americans is a critical part of developing a long-term plan to solve the national debt crisis. I am proud to serve here with my col-league from North Carolina, Senator T
ILLIS . I think, in North Carolina, they actually did this, and they had the re-sults we are talking about here. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Georgia and my col-league from Colorado for their com-ments—and the future comments of some of my colleagues who are in the class of 2014. Ladies and gentlemen, I want to talk a little bit about facts and fiction and some of the things we will observe here. In fact, I think probably the Ken-nedy Center is the only place you can go to see a bigger theatrical perform-ance than what you are going to see on this floor over the next couple of weeks, because they are simply not consistent with what we are trying to do here, and I want to talk a little bit about it. Let’s start with some of the fiction. I was just presiding before I came off the dais about 30 minutes ago, and I heard a 30-minute speech from someone who said that they haven’t seen the bill, said that it had been passed in the dark of night, that it is not being dis-cussed in committee. But then they went on to have a 30-minute descrip-tion of why the bill is bad. How could you not have seen some-thing and have such a definitive posi-tion on the provisions of the bill? To me, it is just curious. Here is something that is even more curious. There are so many Members— many of them friends—on the other side of the aisle who are simply making a false claim that we are somehow going to raise taxes on working fami-lies, the middle class. Why would that make sense? What on Earth would the voters of the United States and my voters in North Carolina do to me next year if I came out and declared victory because I raised taxes on middle-in-come and working families? It doesn’t make sense, and it has been proven to be false. The Washington Post has a rating system they use. They call it the Pinocchio system. One Pinocchio means you are probably stretching the truth a little bit; four Pinocchios means there is not a shred of truth in what you are saying. These claims about raising taxes on working fami-lies and middle-income families earned four Pinocchios; they are fiction. What we are trying to do is provide a tax break to the people who need it the most—to the people who are trying to pay their bills, struggling to go to school, actually struggling just to pay the rent. That is what this tax bill is about. This tax cut is about getting the economy back on track so that we can also drive up wages. Not only do we want to provide you with more money in your pocketbook and in your wallet at the end of the month by reducing your tax burden, but we also want to make it more like-ly that you are going to make more money, you are going to get a better job, and you are going to have more in-come at the end of this process. I firm-ly believe that it will work. Let’s talk about the facts of this plan. The facts are that we have to have tax relief. We have one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world. There is no way the greatest economy that has ever existed should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.025 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7237 November 15, 2017 
be one of the least welcoming and least hospitable to job growth. That is why we have to reduce the corporate tax rate. We also have to reduce the tax rate on small businesses. Eighty percent of all jobs created in North Carolina are created by small businesses. The people whom the gentleman from Colorado re-ferred to as ‘‘the rich people’’ are small business owners who actually file their taxes through their individual income. So perhaps they have a fair amount of revenue, but a lot of it has to go to pay for the business, and a little bit is left behind for them and their families and their employees. We have to reduce the tax burden on small businesses so that they can create more jobs and, hope-fully, some day, become very large businesses—hopefully, corporations— creating more and more jobs and more opportunities for more workers. At the end of the day, the middle-in-come tax break is going to be some-where between $1,500 and $2,000 a year. It will vary a little bit from State to State, but that is a lot of money in these very difficult times. More impor-tant than that are the opportunities that will be created through economic growth. That is what I will leave you with. I have seen this happen. First, I have seen the false claims be-fore. They were waged against me when I was the speaker of the house in North Carolina, and we had the courage in the middle of a fiscal crisis to cut taxes and grow jobs. We had all the liberal media, and we had some of my good friends on the other side of the aisle whom I agreed with on many other issues but who disagreed with us on tax reform. But in North Carolina, no one is complaining about the tax reform re-sults. In fact, we have one of the fast-est growing State economies in the United States today, after being in the fourth quartile just 5 or 6 years ago. We have seen our median incomes go up, and we have seen a number of peo-ple lifted out of poverty at high levels. I know it works. It is not easy, but it is a promise we made to the American people last year, and it is a promise we are going to keep—this Congress is going to keep— in the coming weeks. When we do this, then we can start working on an econ-omy that can pay down the debt and make sure that these young people who are pages here and the young people here in the gallery right now—you may not know this, but you owe about $70,000, on average, to the Federal Gov-ernment. That is your share of the na-tional debt. I don’t want you to have to pay it back. I want an economy that is growing, that can ultimately resolve our debt problem. But you can do it only by pro-ducing growth, you can do it only by becoming economically competitive, and you can do it only by lifting the tax burden on businesses and working families so that money can flow back through the private economy and out of the coffers in Washington. I thank my colleagues for their hard work on this bill. I look forward to vot-ing for the bill. I know it is going to produce a result because I have seen it produce a result in my experience as speaker of the house. It will work for America. It will be one of the great things we are going to do in this Con-gress. At this point, again, I thank my col-leagues. I am going to pass it off to the Senator from Louisiana, Mr. K
ENNEDY . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, it does not take a genius to see that some-thing is stalling the American econ-omy. The economy has been better lately, I think, frankly, in anticipation of the Congress’s passing these tax cuts. The fact remains that 2016 was the 11th straight year that our econ-omy—the greatest economy in the his-tory of the world and the strongest economy in the history of the world, even when it has the flu—failed to achieve 3 percent annual growth, which has been our average every year since 1960. Something is wrong. The experts I have talked about tried everything. They tried monetary policy, changing interest rates. They tried deficit spend-ing. Do you remember President Obama’s stimulus program? The Fed-eral Reserve has tried quantitative eas-ing out the wazoo. The experts have tried everything except what they should have done first; that is, to let the American people keep more of the money they earn, because they can spend that money they earn better than the government can. We have two groups of policymakers in Washington, DC. I am sorry, but this is what it has come down to. I am not talking about liberals or conservatives. I am not talking about Republicans and Democrats. The two groups I am talking about are as follows. We have one group of policymakers in Wash-ington who believe in more freedom, and we have another group of policy-makers in Washington who believe in more free stuff. I am not criticizing policymakers for wanting to help people who are less for-tunate than us. The fact of the matter is that the U.S. taxpayers at the State and the local levels spend $1 trillion a year helping people less fortunate than us. That money didn’t just fall from heaven. We thank heaven for it, but it came out of people’s pockets. We spend $1 trillion a year in our country help-ing people who are less fortunate than us. In our country, if you are homeless, we house you. If you are hungry, we feed you. If you are too poor to be sick, we will pay for your doctor. I am very proud of that. I am not criticizing. In fact, I join my colleagues in wanting to help people who are less fortunate than us. The fact of the matter is, it takes money, and that money is generated by the American taxpayer. The American taxpayer is not generating very much because the American taxpayer is not making very much. Let me talk to you about the middle class. I can talk about the business side of this bill, and this is going to help every business in America. It is going to help C corps, LLCs, Sub S corps, family farms, and single proprietorships. It is going to help large businesswomen and businessmen, and it is going to help small businesswomen and businessmen. But I want to talk about the personal income tax side. This bill will give a tax cut to just about every American. Our opponents can probably find one or two people under certain cir-cumstances who aren’t going to get a tax cut, but the fact remains, if you look at the numbers of the joint com-mittee on the budget, if you make be-tween $20,000 and $30,000 a year on aver-age, you are going to get a 10-percent tax cut. If you make between $50,000 and $70,000 a year, you are going to get right around a 7-percent tax cut. If you make $1 million or more a year, you are going to get roughly a 5-percent tax cut. As for the middle class, we can debate what the middle class is, but I consider the middle class to be some-where between $30,000 and $100,000 a year. You can pick your own defini-tion. They are the ones that I am con-cerned about the most—not exclu-sively, but the most. Let me tell you what this bill is about in terms of the middle class: this, the wallet—their wallet—because the middle class is angry in this country, and they ought to be angry. Every day, they say: K
ENNEDY , I get up every day. I go to work. I obey the law. I pay my taxes. I try to do the right thing by my children. I try to teach my kids morals. I try to save for retirement. But I am getting fed up. They tell me: K
ENNEDY , I look around, and I see a rigged economy. I see too many undeserving people at the top getting bailouts, cutting corners, and making deals. I see too many undeserving people at the bottom get-ting handouts. I am in the middle, and I get stuck with the bill. I can’t pay it anymore, K
ENNEDY . My health insur-ance has gone up, thanks to the Afford-able Care Act, and my kids’ tuition has gone up. My taxes have gone up. I will tell you what has not gone up—my in-come. These are the American people, the middle class. They are busy earning a living. They may not read Aristotle every day, but they are smart and they get it. They know the median house-hold income today is basically the same as it was in 1999, and for that, every policy maker responsible for that fact in Washington, DC, and elsewhere ought to hide their heads in a bag. This bill is going to fix that, and that is why it is so incredibly important that we pass it. Yes, it is important for our business community. Yes, it is im-portant for the large corporations. Yes, it is important to repatriate those tril-lions of dollars. But at the end of the day, it is important primarily for ordi-nary people, you and me—the people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.027 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7238 November 15, 2017 
who get up every day and go to work, obey the law, pay their taxes, and made this country great. They have hurt long enough. Mr. President, I yield to my col-league from Colorado. We call him a silver-tongued devil because he is so el-oquent. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Louisiana for that, and I recognize the Senator from West Virginia for comments on why this is important to the country. Mrs. CAPITO. Thank you very much. Mr. President, I wish to thank the Senator from Colorado for his leader-ship in bringing us, the class of 2014, to the floor to talk about the common-sense tax reform measure that we have, the opportunity of decades to make a difference—a big difference—in many of the lives of the people we represent. I would even say most lives. This is about the sixth time I have been to the floor to talk about what I think is the best tax reform package I have seen in my time here and also the different aspects of tax reform that I think are great for the country and great for my State. I represent a small State, the small State of West Vir-ginia. I have talked about small businesses and families and what it means for them—simplification and creating a competitive environment. But there is nothing like going home and talking to people, whether we are at the grocery store or, as in this past week, when we were all in Veterans Day parades. Peo-ple are generally so respectful and very happy at a Veterans Day parade. I can’t say the same for every parade, but I will say that for the Veterans Day parade, they are generally pretty happy. I was really surprised because I had several constituents—not just one or two but several—say to me: Pass this bill; we want tax relief. It was totally unsolicited. So West Virginians are paying attention to what we are doing in the Senate. Right now, our colleagues on the Fi-nance Committee are working to ad-vance this bill as early as tomorrow. We are very hopeful that we will be able to consider this bill on the floor of the Senate the week we get back from Thanksgiving, as our colleagues in the House are passing their bill this week. Do you know what? It has been dis-appointing to me and really to every-body, I think, involved in this, as tax reform has become a partisan issue, an exercise. We have shared goals. We all want to go to the same place in this country—a prosperous place where ev-erybody can thrive and succeed—but to turn your back on what I think is a well-thought-out, much studied plan on tax relief, I think, is to turn a blind eye to every working American, every American business, and every Amer-ican family, and, personally, I don’t think it is fair. Our goals are shared by many Ameri-cans, regardless of their party, because we want to grow small businesses. I am in a State where 95 percent of our busi-nesses are small businesses. We want to allow those small businesses to make the decisions to grow employment op-portunities or raise wages. We want to make our bigger companies competi-tive globally. People say: You know, what is a big company really going to do for me, working and living here in West Vir-ginia? I think if we looked at the major companies that are invested in our State, we know that making those companies more competitive will re-sult in those companies creating more jobs, investing more capital, buying more products, and raising wages for workers. So making our companies competitive globally is exceedingly im-portant. I have heard many of my colleagues say that statistics show that many American families can’t even come up with $400 for an emergency expenditure in their family. That is almost a flat tire and the towing expense to get your car fixed so you can go to work or take your kids to school or get to your job and get to your church. I think the tax reform bill in the Senate meets many of these objectives. The nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation has found that the bill would provide tax relief to Americans in every single income category, with the largest percent—and this was after working the bill over several months— going where it should go, which is to the middle-income earner. The Tax Foundation has also found that with the Senate bill, as many as 925,000 new jobs can be created. That is significant. That is significant because, I believe, some of those jobs—and I would hope a great deal of them— would land in the great State of West Virginia. In West Virginia, the studies showed that the average middle-income family would gain $1,952 in after-tax income, and the job creation for the State of West Virginia would be 4,784 jobs in our State. For some people, that might not sound like very much, but in our State, that is significant. It is almost 5,000 more jobs. I will take them. We will take them, and we will provide good workers for them, too. And $1,900 more from your taxes is a major infusion of cash into a family, to make the deci-sions they want, which they make around their kitchen tables, not the de-cisions that we are making here on the floor. Yesterday I heard from members of the West Virginia Chamber of Com-merce. Steve Roberts, who is the presi-dent of that group, said that the cur-rent system is full of ‘‘negative con-sequences’’ and reduces a business’s ability to hire new workers, invest in inventory and equipment, and boost employee pay. These are the hallmarks. What he is saying here is that the ‘‘negative con-sequences’’ are the hallmarks of what we are fixing and what we are reform-ing in this bill. He noted: Employers are eager to grow, reinvest and reward employees with better wages. We hope Congress will act quickly to reduce and simplify taxes ensuring a stronger [and] more economically vigorous nation. 
This is something I don’t think we talk about, either. If we had economic security in our families and economic security in this country, we would be stronger in a lot of ways that go be-yond being stronger economically. In your family, if you have a decision that you have to make and you have to come up with some emergency funds, if you have to borrow or try to figure out a way to make ends meet, it makes you feel weaker. If you can do it yourself, you are stronger. That is what we are doing in this bill. Also, I want to talk about the trans-parency here. We are hearing criti-cisms that this is coming in the dead of night, that nobody has ever heard of it. Nothing could be further from the truth. The Finance Committee alone has held 70 hearings on this since the year 2011. Senators from both parties have had the opportunity to weigh in, experts from both inside the Capitol and outside the Capitol. Right now, it is undergoing a full markup in com-mittee, and the House has gone through the same procedure. This has been done in the total light of day. This is how legislation is made. So I am very pleased that these tax reform principles in this bill are moving through our Senate. We know that the President is very enthusiastic about this. He will sign a bill that will grow our economy and benefit whom he wants it to benefit and whom we all want it to—middle-in-come families. Each Senator has a choice here. We all have our choices. My friends from South Dakota and Oklahoma and Lou-isiana and Colorado, who are on the floor with me, as well as the Presiding Officer, who is from Arkansas, have choices every day. You can either cling to the status quo and say that, yes, ev-erything is working well or you could really grab this and say that this is good—this is good policy; this is good politics; it will make our country stronger and our families stronger. This will help our small businesses thrive, create more jobs, and raise wages. Above all else, this will benefit our families. I think that it allows for more growth and more opportunity. The people whom I represent want this. They want to have more of their money at the end of the day to be able to make their own decisions. They want their good, hard work rewarded. They want to see a country that grows and is optimistic and is strong and powerful. Economic strength can give us that. I just heard from a 70-year-old postal worker from Wheeling, WV. He wrote to me: ‘‘The Senate needs to get these tax cuts and tax reform done.’’ That is the simple way that most people com-municate in this country. I understand that. I hope our friends on the other side of the aisle understand that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.028 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7239 November 15, 2017 
It would be great to have us join to-gether as a Senate, as a country, to do something we know is going to have the right consequences and the right results of growing this country and providing the relief that people want with a well-studied process, with well- researched data, and with the power of the American people behind us. Thank you. I now yield to my colleague from Col-orado and thank him again for leading this. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from West Virginia. I ask unanimous consent that at 2:50 p.m., Senator R
OUNDS be recognized as the leader of the colloquy. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, our economy has been stuck between 1.4- and 1.9-percent growth over the last 10 years. Compare that to the 10-year cy-cles before that, over and over again, all the way back to the Great Depres-sion. Every group in a 10-year block was at 3 percent or more growth. Lit-erally, we have had half the growth in our economy over the last 10 years than we have had in any 10-year time period, going all the way back to the Great Depression. We have to be able to deal with that. I hear people over and over again say that regulations are choking our busi-nesses and are driving up the cost of products for consumers. Yet our Tax Code is full of loopholes, and it is full of confusion. It is complicated. When I go through to fill out my individual taxes, it seems as though there are de-ductions for everybody else but for me, and people want to get that fixed. Quite frankly, no one likes paying taxes, and everyone wants to make sure that whatever taxes they pay are spent efficiently and are the lowest possible. I cannot tell them that right now because the spending is not on track and is not efficient. I also cannot tell them that they are as low as pos-sible. We need to fix that. The tax reform that we are dis-cussing in the Senate right now deals with some very basic things. It begins with more take-home pay for individ-uals. You can either be paid more by an employer or you can be taxed less by the government. Either one of those in-creases the take-home pay. This solves the ‘‘tax less’’ by the government so that individuals can have more take- home pay—around $100 a month. That is serious money for most Oklahomans to have going back to their families. The way that happens is by starting with the standard deduction that dou-bles, which is $24,000. To say it flat, if you make between zero and $24,000 as a family, you wouldn’t have any tax at all on that first $24,000. That is a great help. Your tax does not even begin at all until after $24,000. You would be in that zero percent bracket. We double the Child Tax Credit. For families who are raising kids, it is ex-ceptionally helpful for them to have a larger tax credit. Then we take out the individual mandate in ObamaCare. We have already had folks who have asked: What does ObamaCare have to do with tax policy? Let me tell you, very simply, that the individual mandate is a tax. That is what the Supreme Court labeled it as, and that is what individuals under-stand it to be. If you don’t buy the type of insurance of which Washington, DC, approves—and you may sign up for dif-ferent insurance—you will get an addi-tional tax penalty on your taxes. Who pays for that? In Oklahoma, 81 percent of the people who pay the individual mandate tax penalty make $50,000 or less a year. It is a tax aimed directly at the middle class. I think that this is unfair. We want to remove that tax penalty from the middle class and say that they do not have that penalty and that they are al-lowed to buy insurance they can actu-ally afford. What does this mean for jobs? If small businesses have a better Tax Code and their passthroughs, then they are able to hire additional people. That means more jobs. Based on where our economy is right now, the unemployment rate has con-tinued to drop over the last several years. At the spot it is right now, that means that there is more competition; there is more hiring; and more people have to compete for those jobs. That means that employers have to pay a little bit more money to get the people to be able to do it. That raises wages for people all around the country and means additional people who are not working will actually get back to work. With more people working and actually paying taxes, it pays for itself. Getting a growing economy going is essential to us. The way you do that is you take care of the Tax Code for small businesses, and you take care of the Tax Code for corporate businesses. I have had folks who have asked me: If you drop the corporate rate from 35 percent to 20 percent, what does that really do? Again, it allows those big companies, as well as the small companies, to hire more people, to engage in more invest-ment, to build more factories, and to buy more machinery. That is what it allows them to be able to do to grow their businesses. Yet, on the inter-national stage right now, our Tax Code is 35 percent. Compare that to those in other countries that are somewhere around 22, 23, 24 percent. Some of them are less than that. Let me make this simple. If you are going online to buy a shirt and if you can see that shirt for $20 on one website or $35 on another website, where do you buy the shirt? It will probably be from the one that is selling it for $20. If you are starting a business or founding a business, and you can go to one spot where the tax rate is 20 per-cent or to another spot where it is 35 percent, guess where you will found the business. It will be where it is lower. We are the higher rate right now. If we don’t fix that, businesses are going to continue to move overseas. We can make fun of them in the news. We can yell at them and tell them that they are un-American, but they are going to continue to move where they pay less, exactly as every American does with his online shopping. That is fixable. In the middle of all of this, we have to deal with the debt and deficit. We cannot ignore that reality. The things that I am still going through in the proposal that we are working through right now are the things that are unre-alistic in the proposal because, at the end of the day, we have to get the econ-omy growing again, but we have to deal with half a trillion dollars in over-spending from this government right now. We can do both. We have to be able to do both. I am encouraging this body to take seriously a proposal to be able to deal with how we get our economy going again. Let’s figure out how to get it done, and then let’s actually solve this for the American people. I yield to the Senator from South Da-kota. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I thank our colleague from Oklahoma for his remarks. Once again, he has talked about some commonsense solutions to our tax challenges in the United States today. At this time, I recognize Senator C
ASSIDY , of Louisiana, for his thoughts concerning what we have to do to fix our tax challenges within our country. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, the last 8 years were really hard for a lot of families. They have seen their wages stagnate and their benefits not go up. Indeed, what they have been paying for health insurance and flood insurance and many other things has risen even though their wages have not. So the goal of this bill is to decrease taxes on those middle-income, working families in order to give them the opportunity to have better wages, better benefits, and to bring relief to situations that are peculiar. Are they peculiar to Lou-isiana? No, they are not peculiar to Louisiana, and I will elaborate on that in just a second. What could middle-class families in Louisiana do with better wages? They could pay off debt. They could provide more for their children. They could just live life a little bit more robustly and not have to, perhaps, move out of one home and into another because they can no longer afford the mortgage on the first. The goal of this is, first, to bring tax relief to working families and middle-class families. It is all part of an effort to cut taxes particularly for them. Now let’s talk about raising their wages. Folks want to have more money in their take-home pay after taxes, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.030 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7240 November 15, 2017 
they also want to have higher wages and better benefits. This bill definitely creates that. Our current Tax Code encourages companies to move overseas. When they earn money overseas, they keep it there and build plants and factories in other countries. They employ folks in other countries but do not bring that money home, employ Americans, or raise wages or give better benefits to those Americans. This changes that. Not only do we have tax cuts for the middle class, for working families, but we also encourage businesses to invest here, to create better paying jobs here. I have heard some say: Well, wait a second. Unemployment is low now. Why does it matter? Now is the time when workers most benefit if there is investment that cre-ates more opportunity for those here in the United States. If there is a worker who is a welder and if he can either work here or there, businesses are going to bid for his services. They are going to pay more to get him to work. As they do that, just from supply and demand, wages will go up for the aver-age American worker, for the average American family. Benefits will rise for those families, and the children of those families will have more oppor-tunity. This is what that is about. There is another way in which we bring relief to those middle-income families. Part of what we are doing here is repealing the mandate of the Affordable Care Act. Americans hate the government’s telling them what to do. Yet, as part of the ObamaCare man-date, it tells someone: Even if you can-not afford that insurance, even if you don’t buy it, we are going to make you pay a fine. In 2015, more than 100,000 folks in Louisiana paid a fine for not having health insurance, and 37 percent—al-most 40 percent—of those folks had an adjusted gross income of less than $25,000; 78 percent had less than $50,000. Think about this. The families who re-port incomes of $50,000 or less cannot afford insurance, and they are having to pay a fine because they have not. They are not millionaires or billion-aires. These are families who are try-ing to make ends meet, who make a de-cision because the exchange policies are too expensive for them to buy, and now they are getting fined. This is part of the relief we are bringing to those working families by getting rid of that mandate. Lastly, there is another form of re-lief. Louisiana had its great flood of 2016, which was similar to Maria, Irma, and Harvey, but this was an unnamed storm that affected tens of thousands of people. Through this bill, we bring disaster relief to the folks in Lou-isiana. They will be able to deduct their losses from their incomes, which will allow them to rebuild their homes and allow them to rebuild their busi-nesses. As they rebuild those busi-nesses, it will allow them to employ those who need jobs so that they may rebuild their homes and their lives. This bill will cut taxes for those fam-ilies. It will increase their wages and bring relief not only from economic stagnation but also from a natural dis-aster that was one of the most expen-sive storms in our Nation’s history. I am very pleased that this bill is ad-vancing, and I look forward to it being passed. I look forward, most of all, to the increased wages, lower taxes, and the relief that it will bring to those families in Louisiana. I now yield the floor to the Senator from South Dakota. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I thank Senator C
ASSIDY for his words. Senator C
ASSIDY is also a Member of what we call our bear den, the class of 2014. He came here with the idea of get-ting things done. Another Member of the class of 2014 who is with us today is the Senator from Alaska, Mr. S
ULLIVAN . Senator S
ULLIVAN comes with a fine and distin-guished career in his having worked in the U.S. military, but he also has a strong interest in seeing economic de-velopment in the United States con-tinue. He recognizes the need for tax relief. At this time, I turn to Senator S
UL-
LIVAN . Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I thank Senator R
OUNDS , and I appre-ciate all my colleagues coming down to the floor. A lot of my colleagues are from the class of 2014. Mr. President, there has been a theme in this colloquy. We have been talking about economic growth and about this challenge of what I have been referring to as a lost decade of economic growth. When talking about tax reform, we have to go back through the history and see what is meant by a lost decade. I have been coming down to the floor for a couple of years now with this chart. This chart says a lot. This chart looks at the history of the United States and where we have been with re-gard to economic growth. It is bipar-tisan—Democratic and Republican ad-ministrations—showing decade after decade, starting with Presidents Eisen-hower, Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon, and what this chart states is that right now, something is wrong. When we talk about GDP growth, GDP growth is a proxy for the health of the economy. Unfortunately, we have had a sick economy. GDP growth is a proxy for the American dream, and un-fortunately I think that a lot of people over the last 10 years started to worry about whether it was something that can be obtained. Let’s look at the chart. Every admin-istration, Democratic or Republican, shows strong levels of growth. My col-leagues were talking about at least 3 percent or higher since the Great De-pression. Some of these years, during Kennedy and Johnson, right here, the red line is at 3 percent, which is not great, but it is pretty good. Looking at Reagan and Carter, there were years in which we were growing at 4, 5, 6, and 7 percent. The pages are looking at this chart, and they don’t even know what that means. They don’t know what that means because of what has happened over the last 12 years. Boom. Look at this. Everything is under 3 percent for the entire Obama administration years. It never hit 3 percent GDP growth—not once. We want to talk about what makes America great. If we want to see what makes America great, look at these years of growth. It doesn’t matter whether it was Democratic or Repub-lican—3, 4, 5, 8 percent during the Johnson administration. Now look—3 percent. What is surprising to me is that no-body talks about this issue. Nobody talks about this issue of a lost decade of growth. Certainly, unfortunately, my colleagues—I have been here 3 years. I don’t think I have heard my colleagues once come down to the Sen-ate floor and say: Holy cow, we have to fix this lost decade of growth, this sick economy. The proxy for the American dream is going away, and nobody talks about it. Former Senator and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton recently wrote a book titled ‘‘What Happened.’’ Well, I think what happened is that there has been no growth for over 10 years, and nobody was talking about it. I think a lot of people in this country said: I am not going to throw away the American dream. I believe in the American dream. The American dream means we have to start growing at traditional levels of U.S. economic growth, at least above this depicted red line of 3 percent. I am optimistic because right now, for the first time in a long time, this body is very focused on this issue with policies that will hopefully get us there, includ-ing tax reform, regulatory reform, tak-ing advantage of our huge energy op-portunities, and many other measures. That is why this discussion and this de-bate we are having now with regard to tax reform is so critical—tax relief for middle-class families, tax relief for small businesses. And this bill, as we have heard, has many provisions that we think are going to help jump-start this economy and get us back to at least 3 percent growth, at least this number where the red line is that we haven’t seen in well over a decade. The kinds of policies that we are pur-suing now, that the White House is fo-cused on—tax reform, energy, permit-ting reform—I would think and hope that every Member of this body views this as probably the most important thing we can do—growing the U.S. economy with policies that have wide-spread support across the country. They certainly have support in my State of Alaska. I am also optimistic because the Trump administration is off to a good start. This chart goes to the end of the Obama administration, and we can see that we never came even close to 3 per-cent. But the last two quarters of 2017, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.032 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7241 November 15, 2017 
we actually hit 3 percent—3.1 percent and 3 percent. We are off to a decent start. But this body must do much more, and I am hopeful that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will come down and talk about how important this is because every American agrees with this. Growing the economy again and tax reform are going to be critical components of getting us there. I say to Senator R
OUNDS , I appreciate the opportunity to say a few words on this important topic. We will be down here again, but growth, growth, growth has to be what we are focused on. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I would like to take this opportunity to thank Senator S
ULLIVAN from Alaska. Once again, he comes in from the class of 2014. We have a specific request to basi-cally talk about what we see as being the appropriate way in which we create a healthy economy. I see that our colleague from Iowa has arrived, and if our colleague from Iowa, Senator E
RNST , would care to speak, we would love to have her do that as well. Part of what Senator S
ULLIVAN has shared with us today is the move to get back to a growth of 3 percent, and in doing so, not only does that begin to move back into what most Americans would consider to be a healthy econ-omy in which they can actually see their own families doing better, but we will also see better movement in terms of shortfalls in revenues coming into the Federal Government. With that, let me welcome to the floor Senator E
RNST of Iowa, who also is a Member of the class of 2014. Senator E
RNST . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, thank you very much. Mr. President, I appreciate the point made by the Senator from South Da-kota, and I am glad to join in this con-versation this afternoon. About a decade ago, the worst eco-nomic recession since the Great De-pression devastated our middle class households and families across the country. In its aftermath, our economy consistently underachieved. Last year, the United States saw less than a 2-percent increase in the amount of goods and services we produce. The reason is our stagnant economy, which suffers from an out-dated tax system that stifles economic growth through high tax rates and an unreasonable compliance burden. Small businesses, which I am partial to because they make up about 97 percent of employers in Iowa, are taxed as much as 44.6 percent on their profits. Every year, these job creators spend over $18 billion just to comply with Federal tax laws and regulations. Middle-class families and individuals around this country need some relief. By streamlining our cumbersome tax system and eliminating loopholes that primarily benefit the wealthy, Con-gress has an opportunity to lower tax rates for middle and lower income wage earners. Likewise, by creating a more competitive tax system for businesses, we can foster greater growth and in-vestment in the United States and boost wages for more Iowans. Tax reform also provides Congress with an opportunity to lead by example and offer up its own unnecessary tax break. That is why I introduced the Stop Questionable, Unnecessary, and Excessive Allowances for Legislators Act, also known as the SQUEAL Act. This legislation would eliminate a pro-vision of the Tax Code that allows Members of Congress to deduct up to $3,000 annually in living expenses that they incur while in Washington, DC. As we seek to achieve the ultimate goal of lowering rates for families and small businesses, Congress should start by eliminating handouts to our politi-cians. It is long overdue for our country to pursue a simpler tax code that provides much needed relief for hard-working Iowans and that puts our economy back on track. I look forward to work-ing with my colleagues on a path for-ward that reduces the burden of a com-plicated tax system—the burden that is placed upon our families, our hard- working individuals, and our small businesses. With that, I will turn the floor back over to the distinguished Member from South Dakota, and I thank him for ac-commodating the Members of our class. We are hopeful that we will be able to move forward with smart, effec-tive tax reform. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I would like to take this opportunity to express my appreciation to the Senator from Iowa for her remarks. Once again, we call this midwestern common sense. Let me finish this colloquy today with a few thoughts. First of all, we want tax reform, but what we want first is a healthier econ-omy. That is what the people of the United States want. They want the ability to compete. Over the last 10 years, there have been 4,700 businesses that have left our shores and moved overseas. The reason is that they can survive better by leaving our country and going someplace else because of the tax consequences of doing so. When we talk about the direction in which we want to go in this country, we want the people of America to un-derstand that our goal with this entire package is to make things better for the American public. That means a healthier economy for them. It also means, by doing so, that they will see the bottom line in their own pockets— more money that they can spend that otherwise would go to the Federal Gov-ernment. At the same time, businesses that may have left and taken their jobs and the opportunities to invest their dol-lars—we want them back in the United States again, hiring more people and paying better wages. We think that over the last 10 years, the American public hasn’t seen those higher wages because the competition for jobs has moved offshore into other parts of the world where there is a more competi-tive tax climate. There is something else we have to point out. We recognize at the Federal level that we have a deficit and that we have not been able to break that def-icit. Today we have a deficit that is in ex-cess of $500 billion. Out of the $4.1 tril-lion in total payments that are out there, that we spend on an annual basis, our omnibus bill, as we call it— that is for the defense and nondefense discretionary side of the formula—we vote on $1.1 trillion of the $4 trillion. There is about $3 trillion that is auto-matic, that is on auto pilot—Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, interest on the debt. If we want to close that gap, then we have to see an economy which is grow-ing, an economy which can support the programs that we believe are nec-essary, the safety nets that we in America have decided are very appro-priate for those who have no place else to go. If we want to close the deficit, we need to have more revenues coming in. The only way we can pick up more revenues is by having an economy that is strong enough to support that. By actually reducing taxes, we bring in more businesses, and those busi-nesses will make more profits. We are able to lower the rate of tax on profits, and that is returned to the American people in a number of ways—a lower tax burden through lower personal in-come taxes and through subchapter C and S corporations, through lower business taxes. Finally and just as importantly, in terms of how we support the operations of government, we support that be-cause with a growing economy, the rev-enue coming from that growing econ-omy can be utilized to eliminate the debt, which is a threat to our national defense. Mr. President, at this time, I thank my colleagues who have patiently worked their way through this process. I also thank the Senator from Colorado for beginning this colloquy. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The Senator from Rhode Is-land. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I was very pleased to be here for the re-marks of my colleagues and friends, and I would just respond by saying that we are all for growth. We are all for growth of the American economy. I think, on this side, we are just a little bit less sure that you grow the econ-omy by growing the share of the econ-omy that goes to the superrich and to big corporations or that you grow the economy by growing benefits to cor-porations that move jobs from America overseas, and I am pretty confident that on our side we don’t believe the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.033 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7242 November 15, 2017 
solution to the deficit is a tax bill that raises the deficit. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. President, I am here to talk about the U.N. Climate Change Con-ference that we just got back from in Germany, where the United States stood alone as the only Nation in the world—Syria and Nicaragua having left us—not a party to the historic Paris Agreement. Led by Senator C
ARDIN , my colleagues Senators M
ARKEY , SCHATZ , M
ERKLEY , and I went to Bonn to tell the nations gathered there that the Trump administration does not rep-resent American views on this issue, nor American determination to tackle the climate challenge. It was not just us who went there to say we are still in. American Governors, mayors, uni-versities, and major corporations all brought the same message that not-withstanding the Trump administra-tion’s efforts to separate us from the Paris goal, we are still in. The urgency of the experts at our Na-tion’s universities and Federal agencies is reflected in a major multi-agency climate report that was released last week and makes an astounding con-trast to the position taken by the Trump administration. The ‘‘Climate Science Special Report’’ will serve as the scientific backbone for the ‘‘Fourth National Climate Assessment’’ due next year. The authors list is a who’s who of top university scientists and Agency experts from NOAA, the EPA, NASA, our National Labs, the National Science Foundation, and the Depart-ments of Agriculture, Defense, Energy, Commerce, Interior, and State—in all, 13 Federal Agencies and Departments. This report was also peer-reviewed by our American National Academy of Sciences. The New York Times prop-erly described it as ‘‘the United States’ most definitive statement on climate change science.’’ The report wastes no time getting to the heart of what is causing climate change. It states: 
This assessment concludes, based on exten-sive evidence, that it is extremely likely that human activities, especially emissions from greenhouse gases, are the dominant cause of the observed warming since the mid- 20th century. 
It goes on to say: 
The magnitude of climate change beyond the next few decades will depend primarily on the amount of greenhouse gases (espe-cially carbon dioxide) emitted globally. 
Further it says: 
There is broad consensus that the further and faster the Earth system is pushed to-wards warming, the greater the risk of unan-ticipated changes and impacts, some of which are potentially large and irreversible. 
In a 2016 interview, President Trump said there is ‘‘some connectivity’’ be-tween human activity and climate change, but, he said, ‘‘you can make lots of cases for different views.’’ Well, the President ought to read his admin-istration’s own report. There is more than just ‘‘some connectivity.’’ To quote the report, ‘‘For the warming over the last century, there is no con-vincing alternative explanation sup-ported by the extent of the observa-tional evidence,’’ but this administra-tion’s industry hacks are not paying attention, and instead of helping, they are out busily doing things like delet-ing the words ‘‘climate change’’ from Agency websites. The Washington Post reported in September that EPA public affairs officer John Kronkus ‘‘told staff that he is on the lookout for ‘the dou-ble C-word’—climate change—and re-peatedly has instructed grant officers to eliminate references to the subject in solicitations.’’ Maybe they think if they crawl under the bed and scrub out the words ‘‘cli-mate change,’’ the scientific phe-nomenon will disappear, but in science it actually doesn’t work that way. Over at the Department of Energy is Secretary Rick Perry, who called cli-mate change a ‘‘contrived, phony mess’’ in his 2010 book. He backtracked his position in his January confirma-tion hearings but still said he ‘‘believe[s] some of it is naturally oc-curring, but some of it is also man- made activity.’’ Well, the Energy Sec-retary might want to read the report. Manmade activity is not some of it; it is the dominant cause. Then there is EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, who said about human activity causing climate change: ‘‘There’s tremendous disagreement about the degree of impact, so no, I would not agree that it’s a primary contributor to the global warming that we see.’’ The EPA Administrator needs to read the report too. He is wrong and wrong. ‘‘Dominant’’ is what the report says with ‘‘no convincing alternative.’’ If Perry or Pruitt bothered to look at the report their staffs helped write, they would see this graph: ‘‘Human Ac-tivities Are the Primary Driver of Re-cent Global Temperature Rise.’’ This is the human activity column, this is solar effects, and this is volcanic ef-fects. Every once in a while somebody says: Oh, it is the volcanoes that are doing it; it is not us. It turns out volcanoes are actually having a slight cooling ef-fect. People say: No, it is solar radiation; it is not us. You can barely see the amount of solar radiation warming. All of this is human-caused climate change. It is more than dominant. You can barely see other factors up against it. As for Pruitt’s claim that humans are not ‘‘a primary contributor to the global warming that we see,’’ well, you can turn to the report’s page 31: ‘‘Human activities are now the domi-nant cause of the observed trends in climate.’’ Flip forward to page 36, and it states: ‘‘Many lines of evidence dem-onstrate human activities, especially emissions of greenhouse gases, are pri-marily responsible.’’ So, Administrator Pruitt, humans are not a primary contributor. The ac-tual science shows ‘‘human activities, especially emissions of greenhouse gases, are primarily responsible for the observed climate changes in the Indus-trial era, especially over the last six decades.’’ You could flip to the next page where it says: ‘‘[T]here are no suggested fac-tors, even speculative ones that can ex-plain the timing or magnitude’’ of what is happening in the climate or ‘‘that would somehow cancel out the role of human factors.’’ Just last week, Kathleen Hartnett White rolled into the Environment and Public Works Committee out of the President’s climate denial clown car. White is a prolific climate denier from the fossil fuel-funded Texas Public Pol-icy Foundation. She wrote that carbon pollution in the atmosphere is ‘‘un-questionably a huge social benefit.’’ Unquestionably a huge social benefit? OK. She also compared climate science to a ‘‘cult,’’ which kind of lines her up a little bit with that Heartland Insti-tute that has compared climate sci-entists to the Unabomber, just to give you an idea of the intellectual rigor of the climate denial arguments. Now she is up for consideration as chair of the White House Council on Environmental Quality. In responding to our questions, Ms. White was, let’s just say, a little at a loss. She responded, for instance, that she has ‘‘a very superficial under-standing’’ of ocean issues. She said on ocean acidification that there ‘‘are dif-ferent perspectives’’ and that acidity ‘‘changes up and down are not inher-ently a problem.’’ Well, Kathleen Hart-nett White needs to read this report too. According to the Climate Science Special Report, ‘‘The world’s oceans are currently absorbing more than a quarter of the CO2emitted to the at-mosphere annually from human activi-ties, making them more acidic . . . with potential detrimental impacts to marine ecosystems.’’ How much more acidic are the oceans being made by the absorption of CO
2? The report goes on to say that ‘‘the rate of acidification is unparalleled in at least the 66 million years.’’ Sixty-six million years is way before humankind even existed. That is the kind of dice we are rolling with ocean acidification. I pressed Ms. White on how much of the heat greenhouse gas emissions add to the atmosphere is absorbed by the oceans. She couldn’t even tell me if it was more or less than half of it. Yet she insisted she knew there ‘‘are dif-ferences of opinion on that, that there’s not one right answer.’’ So, in a nutshell, she doesn’t know what the science is, but she sure knows that it is wrong. Well, there actually is one right an-swer, and wouldn’t you know it, it is in the Climate Science Special Report, which says: ‘‘Not only has ocean heat content increased dramatically, but more than 90 percent of the energy gained in the combined ocean-atmos-phere system over recent decades has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.035 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7243 November 15, 2017 
gone into the ocean.’’ In fact, to be more precise, it is 93 percent. By the way, that is heating the oceans at a rate greater than setting off a Hiro-shima-style nuclear bomb in the oceans and having all of the heat of the nu-clear explosion absorbed by the oceans, more than one explosion per second. So it is quite a heat transfer. I asked Ms. White about a basic sci-entific principle: Do you think if the ocean warms it expands? Does the law of thermal expansion apply to sea-water? After a long pause, she replied, ‘‘Again, I do not have any kind of ex-pertise or even such layman’s study of the ocean dynamics and the climate change issues.’’ For somebody who wants to lead the White House Council on Environmental Quality and help guide the science in this area, it is a pretty rudimentary scientific principle that water expands as it warms. If you can’t grasp that, good luck grasping the risks that sea level rise poses to coastal communities like ours in Rhode Island. The ‘‘Climate Science Special Re-port’’ states that ‘‘it is virtually cer-tain that sea level rise this century and beyond will pose a growing chal-lenge to coastal communities, infra-structure, and ecosystems.’’ Rhode Is-land has coastal communities, infra-structure, and ecosystems so this chal-lenge is very real for my home State. Climate change, sea level rise, and ocean acidification are challenges that require smart leadership and initiative. We need to take action to bolster our infrastructure, fortify our coasts, and help communities prepare for those challenges on the horizon. Instead, in this administration, we get the likes of Perry, Pruitt, and White. I wish ignorance were what is driving these administration officials. Igno-rance can be rectified with education, with information. We could assign them to read the ‘‘Climate Science Special Report,’’ for instance. They might find it illuminating and realize that what they have been saying is fac-tually false. Unfortunately, it is a much more nefarious condition than ignorance that afflicts this administra-tion on climate change, and it is a con-dition that cannot be cured with facts. This is about fossil fuel money. The malady of fossil fuel money in politics is what prevents the stark warnings in the ‘‘Climate Science Special Report’’ from being a call to action in Congress. In Bonn at the COP23 gathering, we saw that the rest of the world is not turning a blind eye to climate change. The rest of the world is confronting it head-on, along with many American States, many American cities, major American corporations, and virtually every major American university. Those are all very hopeful signs. While our President and his adminis-tration have bound themselves to the fossil fuel polluters, the American peo-ple have not. Rhode Islanders and Americans everywhere care deeply about getting ahead of this problem— about achieving the goals of the U.N. framework. And the American people will carry forward American leadership in combating climate change, no mat-ter how evil the continuing influence of the fossil fuel industry is in Congress. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Wyoming. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, the Senate Finance Committee is working this week on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. It is a very important piece of leg-islation that the country is looking forward to having passed. This is a Republican plan to give tax relief to the American people. Just as the name of the legislation says, it ac-tually addresses both issues: tax cuts and jobs. First of all, the legislation will cut the taxes for American workers. One of the biggest cuts in the plan is that it roughly doubles the standard deduction that people take. Right now, the stand-ard deduction for a married couple is about $12,000. If we double it, people will not pay any Federal income taxes at all on the first $24,000 they earn. That is a big tax cut. It is aimed squarely at lower income and middle- income families in this country. A lot of people will decide to take this deduction instead of going through the painstaking process of itemizing deductions on their income tax re-turns. It saves people a lot of time. It also saves them the cost of account-ants and lawyers who help them figure out the complicated taxes that they end up paying in this country each year. Republicans are also working to pre-serve other deductions that are impor-tant to American families. When we put all of these together, we are going to cut taxes for people and put money back in their pockets instead of send-ing it to Washington. The second thing to know about this tax relief legislation is that it is going to be a big boost for jobs in America. In fact, it will help America create more than 900,000 new jobs. It is also going to lead to higher pay. That is because the legislation will cut the taxes that small businesses have to pay. Small businesses create most of the jobs in America. If we let them keep more of their money, they can hire people and grow their businesses. That is what happens in this country. That is how our economy works; people hiring people matter to grow the econ-omy. They can also give workers a raise and offer better benefits. When Washington takes less and businesses keep more, workers are better off every time. Republicans also want to bring down the rates that Washington charges other businesses. A lot of people work for small businesses, but a lot of people also work for large businesses as well. If we are able to cut taxes for those businesses, then those workers can get the same raise. How much more money are we talking about? Well, according to the Tax Foundation, it amounts to about $2,600 for a typical middle-in-come family. That is what you get when you combine the tax cut and the pay raise that people will see across the country. For that family, an extra $2,600 is going to be a very big deal. A majority of Americans say that they don’t have enough savings today to cover a $500 emergency expense if one came up. Millions of American families will be far better off because of the tax relief that Republicans are working on this week. It will boost the economy, help individual workers, and help their fam-ilies. This is about tax cuts, and it is about jobs. That is how you keep the economy growing. That is how we keep American families thriving. 
PROTECTING VETERAN MEMORIALS  
Mr. President, I also want to speak about an issue that is very important to our veterans in Wyoming and across the country. The 2018 National Defense Authorization Act conference report includes a provision that allows Amer-ica’s veteran memorials to be used as a political bargaining chip. I think it is a very bad idea. There is a specific provision in this report that allows the Secretary of De-fense to dismantle a veteran memorial and move it to a foreign nation. We have one of these memorials at the F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Cheyenne, WY. This memorial honors American soldiers who were massacred more than 100 years ago in a town called Balangiga in the Philippines. On September 28, 1901, a group of 400 Fili-pino insurgents, armed with machetes, attacked American soldiers in Com-pany C of the 9th Infantry. It was a sneak attack while the Americans were mostly unarmed and having breakfast. The insurgents signaled the attack by ringing the bells of the local church. Company C had 75 soldiers, and 48 of them were killed in this attack or died of their wounds or went missing in ac-tion. It was the worst defeat for the American Army since the Battle of the Little Bighorn in 1876. These bells were used in an act of war against American soldiers. The Army legally brought the bells back to America to honor the troops of Company C who were lost in this mas-sacre. The 11th Infantry Regiment brought them to Cheyenne, WY, and today the bells of Balangiga are part of the memorial at F.E. Warren Air Force Base. Over the years, the Department of Defense and the State Department have tried a few times to move these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.036 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7244 November 15, 2017 
bells to the Philippines. In 2012, Presi-dent Obama’s Department of Defense even tried to cover up the fact that it was secretly making plans to move the bells. I have opposed these efforts every step of the way. The majority of veterans in Wyoming oppose dismantling this veteran memo-rial. The Wyoming Veterans of Foreign Wars and the American Legion have both passed resolutions against moving the bells. The American Legion has also taken a stand on the national level. It has opposed the removal and encouraged Congress to pass legislation to protect veteran memorials. During the confirmation hearing for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, I asked him specifically about the bells of Balangiga. He made a commitment to me that he would include Congress and our veteran organizations in any conversations regarding war memo-rials. I recently received a letter from the State Department, and they said that they are unaware of any plans to move the bells to a foreign country. We need to make sure that no plans ever de-velop. This conference report will take away any lines of communication be-tween the administration and the Con-gress on this issue. America needs to make clear that we will never stop honoring our war dead, no matter where or when they sacrificed. To dis-mantle this memorial would be an in-sult to the memory of the men who were massacred that day in the Phil-ippines. Wyoming has a strong tradition of honoring our veterans, especially those who gave their lives. The United States should not be using our veteran memo-rials as bargaining chips to negotiate with foreign nations. For these rea-sons, I oppose section 2864 of the con-ference report on the National Defense Authorization Act. I will continue my work to protect our veteran memorials. I will continue to use my voice for the soldiers of Com-pany C who have no voice of their own. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the following be printed in the R
ECORD : the names of the 48 sol-diers who were massacred in 1901; a let-ter from the Wyoming Veterans of For-eign Wars; a resolution from the Wyo-ming American Legion in opposition to moving the bells; National American Legion Resolution No. 56; a letter from the National American Legion in sup-port of Barrasso amendment No. 738; a letter from the State Department say-ing that they are currently not plan-ning to move the bells; and Secretary Tillerson’s commitment to include Congress and our veterans in any dis-cussion of our veteran memorials. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. A RMY CASUALTIES AT BALANGIGA , S
AMAR , PHILIPPINE ISLANDS , 28 S EPTEMBER  1901 Filipino insurgents overran Company C, 9th Infantry, at Balangiga, Samar, on 28 Sep-tember 1901. On that morning seventy-five soldiers were present with the unit (seventy- three members of Company C plus two men attached to the unit). Of these, forty-eight were killed, died of wounds, or were listed as missing and presumed dead (some bodies were burned beyond recognition). Key: KIA = killed in action; DoW = died of wounds; MIA = missing and presumed dead. Officers: Major R.S. Griswold, Surgeon, KIA; Captain Thomas W. Connell, com-mander, Company C, KIA; First Lieutenant Edward A. Bumpus, KIA. Non-Commissioned Officers: Quarter-master Sergeant James M. Randles, KIA; Sergeant John F. Martin, KIA; Sergeant Henry J. Scharer, KIA; Corporal Frank McCormick, KIA; Corporal Leonard P. Schley, KIA; Corporal Proal Peters, KIA; Corporal Thomas E. Baird, DoW. Privates: Gustav F. Schnitzler (cook), KIA; John L. Covington (musician), MIA; Joseph R. Marr (artificer), KIA; Harry Wright (hos-pital corpsman), MIA; Cornelius F. Donahue, DoW; Jerry J. Driscoll, MIA; Eli Fitzgerald, KIA; John D. Armini, KIA; Litto Armini, KIA; John W. Aydelette, KIA; George Bony, KIA; Robert L. Booth, KIA; John D. Buhrer, KIA; James L. Cain, KIA; Charles E. Davis, KIA; Byron Dent, KIA; Guy C. Dennis, KIA; Patrick J. Dobbins, MIA; Joseph I. Gordon, KIA; Joseph O. Kleinhampl, KIA; Richard Long, KIA; James Martin, KIA; James F. McDermott, KIA; John H. Miller, KIA; Dan-iel S. Mullins, DoW; August F. Porczeng, MIA; Charles Powers, KIA; Chris F. Recard, DoW; Floyd J Shoemaker, DoW; Evans South, MIA; Robert Sproull, KIA; Charles E. Sterling, KIA; Joseph Turner, KIA; Frank Vobayada, KIA; John Wannebo, KIA; Chris-tian S. Williams, MIA; Claud C. Wingo, MIA; Harry M. Wood, KIA. SOURCES  Annual Reports of the War Department for the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1902, Vol. IX (Washington, D.C.: Government Printing Of-fice, 1902), pp. 628–32. Fred R. Brown, History of the Ninth U.S. Infantry (Chicago, Ill.: R.R. Donnelley & Sons, 1909), pp. 621–22. 
VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS OF THE  U
NITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF  W
YOMING HEADQUARTERS , Casper, WY, June 12, 2012. Hon. J
OHNBARRASSO , MD, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR BARRASSO : At the Depart-ment of Wyoming VFW, 79th Annual State Convention, June 9, 2012, the membership voted on and passed a resolution concerning the Balangiga Bells currently located on F.E. Warren Air Base, Cheyenne, Wyoming. ‘‘Be it Resolved that the Veterans of For-eign Wars, Department of Wyoming strongly support keeping the Balangiga Bells here in Wyoming at the F.E. Warren Air Base, Chey-enne, Wyoming. Also, the membership is against any compromise that would in any way change the status or location of these or any ‘‘War Trophy’’ currently held by the United States of America’’. This Resolution will remain in effect un-less changed by the full membership at a State Convention. For the Commander, B
OBDEBERNARDO , Adjutant Dept. of Wyoming, Member National Legislative Committee. 
THEAMERICAN LEGION DEPARTMENT OF WYO-
MING HEADQUARTERS , CHEYENNE , WYOMING  
RESOLUTION  Subject: Protection, Preservation and Reten-tion of Federal and Military Monuments in the United States Whereas, At different times through his-tory there have been attempts by either the Filipino government or other groups to peti-tion the United States Government for the return of the church bells taken by Amer-ican military forces from the belfry of the church in Balangiga, Samar, Philippines; and Whereas, Any return of a Federal or mili-tary monument by the United States of America would set a negative and dangerous precedent on any and all Federal or military monuments; and Whereas, Military monuments honor those servicemen and servicewomen whose sac-rifice for the United States of America has preserved the nation and recognizes those who have sacrificed their lives in service to their country; and Whereas, Returning any military monu-ment should never be considered as contrib-uting to the enhancement or reaffirmation of any friendly relationship with foreign coun-tries; now, therefore, be it Resolved, by The American Legion, Depart-ment of Wyoming Executive Committee through mail in vote on 14 March 2012, that The American Legion, Department of Wyo-ming urge the Congress of the United States to establish such laws to preserve and pro-tect all Federal and military monuments within the United States from any foreign government or religious order who attempts to have any Federal and military monument removed from the United States of America. And be it Finally Resolved: That this resolution be forwarded to the National Executive Com-mittee for action in May 2012. NINETY -EIGHTH NATIONAL  C
ONVENTION OF THE AMERICAN LEGION , Cincinnati, Ohio, Aug. 30, 31, Sept. 1, 2016. Resolution No. 56: Protection, Preserva-tion and Retention of Federal and Military Monuments in the United States. Origin: Wyoming. Submitted by: Convention Committee on National Security (Consolidated with Reso-lution No. 27 (NE)). Whereas, At different times through his-tory there have been attempts by either the Filipino government or other groups to peti-tion the United States government for the return of the church bells taken by Amer-ican military forces from the belfry of the church in Balangiga, Samar, Philippines; and Whereas, Any return of a federal or mili-tary monument by the United States of America would set a negative and dangerous precedent on any and all federal or military monuments; and Whereas, Military monuments honor those servicemen and servicewomen whose sac-rifice for the United States of America has preserved the nation and recognizes those who have sacrificed their lives in service to their country; and Whereas, Returning any military monu-ment should never be considered as contrib-uting to the enhancement or reaffirmation of any friendly relationship with foreign coun-tries; now, therefore, be it Resolved, By The American Legion in Na-tional Convention assembled in Cincinnati, Ohio, August 30, 31, September 1, 2016, That The American Legion urge the Congress of the United States to establish such laws to preserve, protect and retain all federal and military monuments within the United States from any foreign government or reli-gious order who attempts to have any federal and military monument removed from the United States of America. 
THEAMERICAN LEGION , O
FFICE OF THE NATIONAL COMMANDER , Washington, DC, September 14, 2017. Hon. J
OHNBARRASSO , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATOR BARRASSO : On behalf of the 2 million members of The American Legion, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.038 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7245 November 15, 2017 
we express support for Amendment Number 738 proposed for inclusion in the 2018 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), as written. If adopted, this amendment would require Congressional authorization to move war memorials overseas and prohibit moving the Bells of Balangiga from F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Cheyenne, WY to the Phil-ippines absent such authorization, The American Legion was proud to support your amendment to the 2013 NDAA that requires Congressional authorization to move war memorials overseas. As you know, that pro-hibition expires September 30, 2017. For more than two decades, there have been attempts by either the Filipino govern-ment or other groups to petition the United States government for the return of the church bells taken by American military forces from the belfry of the church in Balangiga, Samar, Philippines in 1901 during the Philippine American War. Military monuments honor those servicemen and servicewomen whose sacrifice for this coun-try has preserved the nation and recognizes those who have sacrificed their lives in serv-ice to their country. Returning any military monument should never be considered as contributing to the enhancement or reaffir-mation of any friendly relationship with for-eign countries. The American Legion Resolution 56, Pro-tection, Preservation and Retention of Fed-eral and Military Monuments in the United States, passed at the 2016 National Conven-tion, urges Congress to establish such laws to preserve, protect and retain all federal and military monuments within the United States from any foreign government or reli-gious order who attempts to have any federal and military monument removed from the United States of America. Again, The American Legion supports Amendment Number 738, and we thank you for addressing this important issue facing America’s servicemembers and veterans. Sincerely, D
ENISE H. R OHAN , National Commander. 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF STATE , Washington, DC, November 2, 2017. Hon. J
OHNBARRASSO , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR BARRASSO : Thank you for your letter of September 6 to the President regarding the Bells of Balangiga. We were asked to respond on the President’s behalf. We celebrate the proud and distinguished service of Wyoming’s Sons and Daughters to our great nation, and we are humbled and grateful for the service and sacrifice Amer-ica’s Veterans have made in support of lib-erty and freedom at home and abroad. We understand and appreciate the impor-tance of war memorials, and we share your concern that memorials be properly man-aged and the service and sacrifice of fallen Americans and Veterans be recognized and honored appropriately. The Department of State is not aware of, nor involved in, any immediate plans to the remove or dismantle the Veteran’s War Me-morial, including the Bells of Balangiga, from F.E. Warren Air Force Base. There is a specific war memorial provision included in the House version of the FY 18 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), and the House and Senate versions of the NDAA bills are currently in conference com-mittee. For more information about that provision or activities on F.E. Warren Air Force Base we respectfully refer you to the Department of Defense. We thank you for raising this important issue. We hope this information is useful. Please do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of further assistance. Sincerely, CHARLES S. F AULKNER , Bureau of Legislative Affairs. 
SENATOR JOHNBARRASSO  In 2012, the U.S. Department of State and U.S. Department of Defense initiated a proc-ess to remove a war memorial in Wyoming, called the Bells of Balangiga. It honors the lives of 48 soldiers who were massacred in their sleep by insurgents in the Philippines on September 28, 1901. The U.S. Department of Defense in coordination with the U.S. De-partment of State intentionally withheld this information from Congress. The vet-erans in Wyoming overwhelmingly oppose taking down this veteran memorial. 1. Will you commit to me that you will not support any efforts to deconstruct our war memorials that honor our fallen soldiers and moving them to foreign countries? 2. What is your position on the U.S. De-partment of State withholding these actions from Congress? The Bells of Balangiga are an important war memorial that holds real significance for many Americans, especially our veterans. If confirmed, I will support an inclusive process with the U.S. Department of Defense to ensure that Congress is fully informed and the views of local communities and veterans are fully respected when evaluating the man-agement of war memorials. 
Mr. BARRASSO. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I came to the floor yesterday to speak on the devastating impact the Republican tax plan would have on working families in my home State of Illinois and other States across the Nation. It is no secret that the Republican plan would finance massive tax cuts for the wealthiest people in America. They just can’t help themselves. Every time they look at the Tax Code, they think there has to be a way to help the wealthiest people in our country. They usually look at the estate tax, which is paid for by 1 out of every 1,000 Ameri-cans, and say: We have just got to spare these poor people who have a net worth of over $11 million from paying any taxes to the government. We have to spare them from paying this govern-ment for the benefit that this great Na-tion has brought to them and their families and businesses. That is where they start. Then they do the alternative min-imum tax, which is a tax that was cre-ated so that if your accountants and bookkeepers and lawyers are the sharp-est on Earth and ended up finding that you had no tax liability, you still paid a fair share for sustaining this great Nation that you call home. They want to get rid of that, too, or at least dra-matically modify it. They start off with the premise of making these tax cuts for the wealthi-est people in America the beginning point of tax reform, these giveaways to people who are not even asking for them. They can’t help themselves. They always start there, and the Amer-ican people know it. When you ask the American people, what is this tax reform all about, they say it is tax cuts for wealthy people. That is where it always starts, and it does when the Republicans are the au-thors. That is what we face again. They try to argue that it is going to help working families. It will help some—let me be honest about that— and yet you are going to find many working families who are going to pay more instead of less because of this so- called tax reform. Why would we ever do that? Why would we give tax breaks to the wealthiest people in America—perma-nent tax breaks—and then turn around and say to working families: Sorry. Some of you will get help, but many of you will not. In my home State of Illinois, the elimination of the State and local tax exemption is going to be devastating to our State. We are in the top five of States where the people in my State who pay income tax, sales tax, and property tax can deduct those taxes from their Federal income that is sub-ject to taxation. That is not a new idea. It has been around for decades. It really is pre-mised on the following: Americans should not have to pay tax on a tax. If I pay $100 a month, and I pay my local property taxes, I shouldn’t be taxed on that $100. It is a double hit. It is not fair, but the Republican plan believes that is what we should do. I will tell the seven Republican Con-gressmen in my State, they ought to go home and ask the people whom they represent what they think about this one, the idea of double taxation that they would vote for and go home and try to defend. I think it is going to be tough, very tough. It is no secret that these tax cuts for the wealthy and large corporations will end up raising taxes on a lot of Ameri-cans and blowing a massive hole in the deficit. I am going to quote a fellow who has been retired a few years from Congress. His name is Dave Obey. He was a Con-gressman from Wisconsin. Dave Obey used to say over and over again—and I am going to repeat it, and I have cred-ited him with it: Too many times poli-ticians are posing for holy pictures, but when it comes to the deficit and the debt, many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle pose for holy pic-tures about the national debt whenever there is a Democratic President and then get a swift case of amnesia when-ever there is a Republican President. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.020 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7246 November 15, 2017 
Here we go again. They are ignoring the reality that the tax cuts they are promoting for the wealthiest and big-gest corporations are going to end up blowing a hole in the deficit—a hole in the deficit, which is going to have to be paid for by future generations. I used to watch as my Republican colleagues would get red in the face talking about our national debt, but that, of course, was under a Demo-cratic President. Under a Republican President, it doesn’t seem to be a major issue. Incidentally, there is a way to plug that hole, and somewhere along the way someone slipped and told us what it was. If you want to plug the hole of $1.5 trillion in tax cuts to the wealthy and big corporations, they propose cutting Medicare benefits and Medicaid bene-fits, cutting the basic health insurance plans that seniors and people in low-in-come categories use. Is that a sound policy, to try to patch a hole in the deficit by taking healthcare protection away from senior citizens in America— the 40-plus million who count on it—or those who are under Medicaid? I think it is not. It turns out that Chairman H
ATCH  had a new surprise for us this week. At 10:30 p.m. last night, Chairman O
RRIN H
ATCH released additional changes to this bill, which is evolving before our eyes. It is a bill which was not publicly announced until last Friday and is cur-rently being debated in the hopes that when we return a week after our Thanksgiving recess, we will take it up and vote on it. Does it seem like it is a hurried oper-ation? Of course, it is. They know that if these bills sit out long enough and people read them and consider them, there will be a lot of questions asked that they can’t answer. Chairman H
ATCH released additional changes to the bill, and they decided to fund permanent tax cuts for some cor-porations. That is a high priority for the Republicans—wealthy people, big corporations. So how do they pay for permanent tax cuts for the biggest cor-porations? It turns out that in addition to raising taxes on working families, the Senate Republican tax bill would also raise health insurance premiums on middle-income families. That is right. The Republicans propose that their tax bill would also repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act. As a result, the Congressional Budget Office tells us that an estimated 13 to 14 million Americans will lose their health insur-ance protection because of the Repub-lican tax giveaway plan. I thought that plan was supposed to help working families. It ends up taking away their health insurance. For those who can still remain in the market buying health insurance, they can anticipate their premiums for health insurance going up 10 percent. What kind of tax cut is this that ends up raising the cost of health insurance for working families and ends up elimi-nating health insurance for many mid-dle-income families? I find it hard to believe the satisfac-tion so many Republicans take to be able to boast and brag that they passed a bill that took away health insurance for Americans. You are proud of that? I wouldn’t be. We should be doing the opposite—expanding the reach of health insurance, making sure every American has the peace of mind and health insurance they need for them and their families. Remember when Republicans cam-paigned on the promise of increasing the number of people with insurance and decreasing premiums? This tax bill does just the opposite. Haven’t my Republican colleagues learned the lessons of the ACA—Afford-able Care Act—repeal by now? We spent the whole year in a vain effort by the Republicans to repeal and barely replace. The American people don’t want it. Overwhelmingly, they are against it. My hospitals in Illinois and across this Nation don’t want what the Re-publicans are proposing in their bill. Patients don’t want it. Nurses don’t want it. Clinics don’t want it. The dis-abled community doesn’t want it. The Republicans are determined to do it anyway. Senior leaders are against it, faith leaders are against it, the American people are against it, but this is going to be the feather in the cap for the Re-publican majority; that by the end of this year, they hope to pass a tax re-form bill that is going to give tax breaks to the wealthiest, give a perma-nent tax break to the biggest corpora-tions, make the middle-income fami-lies pay for it, eliminate 13 to 14 mil-lion Americans’ health insurance, and raise their premiums. What a package. You have to work overtime to put to-gether a package that damaging to working families in America, but that is what they are pushing. That is what they are determined to do. 
DRUG PRICE TRANSPARENCY  
Mr. President, maybe it is the time I turn on my television, but it seems to me I just can’t escape drug advertising on television. It just comes one after the other, all kinds of drugs—many of which I can’t even pronounce their names, can’t remember their names. I can’t remember why they are being ad-vertised, and then I listen to all of the things that follow when all these drug ads come on. My favorite—favorite of all time—is one of these drugs in which it says: Be sure to tell your doctor if you have had a liver transplant. Be sure to tell your doctor if you have had a liver trans-plant. Imagine going to your doctor for a checkup or physical and talking about your condition and failing to mention you had a liver transplant. That is what one of the ads say, and many of the ads are just as baffling as to the warnings and side effects. One ad says: Don’t take Xarelto if you are allergic to Xarelto. Well, how do I know if I am allergic if I don’t take it? So many questions and so many warnings. How many other countries in the world do you think go through this? How many other countries in the world are there where, when you turn on the television, you get ads for drugs? There must be a lot of them, right? No. It turns out there is only one other coun-try in the world that does this—New Zealand. The United States of America and New Zealand are the only two countries in the world that allow di-rect-to-consumer pharmaceutical ad-vertising. You ask yourself, when did this come about? It seems relatively new, and it is. This direct-to-consumer advertising was legalized in 1985, but it didn’t take off until 1997—that is about 20 years ago—when the Food and Drug Adminis-tration eased the requirements for de-tailing the side effects of the drugs that were being advertised. After the FDA made that ruling, the drug companies decided to dive into this in a big way. Now you see these fancy commercials with popular music, with celebrity actors, golf clubs, lofty treatment promises. Every hour on tel-evision—every hour on television—an average of 80 drug ads are aired. The average American sees nine of these pharmaceutical ads every day—nine of them. In fact, drug companies spend more each year on advertising and sales than the entire budget of the Food and Drug Administration. These ads saturate our airways so much that there is now a national conference on drug ads and a hall of fame for the best drug ads. Can you believe it? As common as these direct-to-con-sumer drug ads are, drug companies spend four times as much as the cost of these ads on an army of sales rep-resentatives who target doctors who write prescriptions. These companies in America spend $20 billion a year try-ing to get these drugs into the doctors’ offices and to get the doctors to pre-scribe them. I once talked to a young lady who did that for a living for a while. I said: How does that work? She said: I knew the birthday of every nurse in every doc-tor’s office in my territory. I had a standing order every day for birthday cakes, which I delivered on behalf of my drug company in the hopes that that nurse and that doctor would pre-scribe my drug, and therefore I would be financially rewarded. I said: How did you know if they ever prescribed it? Well, it turns out the drug companies can go to the local pharmacies, and although they can’t get the names of people receiving them, they can test the volume of sales at each of the pharmacies close to the doctors’ offices, and that is one of the ways they measure their success. So let me ask and answer an obvious question. Why do the biggest pharma-ceutical companies in America spend billions of dollars to promote and ad-vertise their drugs? For one reason—it increases sales. It increases their prof-its. You see, patients are more likely to ask their doctor for a specific drug 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.040 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7247 November 15, 2017 
when they have seen the ad for it, whether they need it or not. That is why most countries have banned di-rect-to-consumer drug advertising. As I mentioned, only New Zealand and the United States make it legal. Why is that a problem? One reason is, it promotes overuse of medication for often benign conditions. That bit of dry skin that you have on your elbow, that little stiffness in your knee, hooray. There is a drug for it, and you are going to find out on your television set tonight exactly what it is. They push pills for every natural condition or cosmetic issue, and we waste money on unnecessary drugs, costs that every one of us pays for when the overall cost of healthcare goes up. Over the past 20 years, since these di-rect-to-consumer ads have been al-lowed, the number of people with five or more prescriptions—five or more in America—has nearly tripled. A pri-mary problem with these ads is that they steer patients toward the most ex-pensive drugs, and that raises the cost of healthcare. Drugs with ads have nine times more prescriptions than those without. It just stands to reason. What are the most advertised drugs? Let’s take a look at a couple of them here. Humira—incidentally, a prescription for Humira, from the disclosure of the drug company, costs $3,743 a month. Here is one you probably had to write down three times before you could pro-nounce it, Xeljanz. That costs $3,100 a month, a Pfizer drug. Humira costs $3,700 a month; Xeljanz, $3,100. Both are for rheumatoid arthritis. The drug industry spent over $100 million in advertising for each of the top 16 brand-name drugs in 2015, which means 50 percent of all direct-to-con-sumer advertising was just for these 16 medications. Do you ever see an advertisement during the Super Bowl for a generic, lower cost medication? Of course not. It is the same story when it comes to the $20 billion the same companies spend to butter up doctors so that they will prescribe these drugs. Doctors are more likely to prescribe a specific brand-name drug if they have been marketed by drug companies, while they are more likely to prescribe cheaper generics if not targeted with these ads. These ads often urge patients to ‘‘ask your doctor if this drug is right for you.’’ Well, we asked the doctors whether direct-to-consumer drug ad-vertising was right for America, right for the health of America. We went straight to the American Medical Asso-ciation, the largest medical society in the United States. The American Med-ical Association has called for a ban on direct-to-consumer prescription drug advertising. Here is what they said: ‘‘Direct-to-consumer advertising in-flates demand for new and more expen-sive drugs even when these drugs may not be appropriate.’’ If a patient finally figures out how to spell Xeljanz or Xarelto on the third try and comes to the doctor demanding these drugs, the doctor often has a choice. He or she can spend valuable time explaining why the patient doesn’t need the drug or why there is a cheaper generic or just write the pre-scription. It is sad that too many doc-tors just write the prescription. Sometimes, with these drug ads it is hard to tell whether the commercial is for a pharmaceutical or a sports car, except you know the price of a BMW before you go buy it. With billions in targeted spending on drug advertising, patients and doctors are bombarded with information—all of those side ef-fects, and ‘‘be sure and tell the doctor if you had a liver transplant’’—but they are kept in the dark about one major, important element: What do these drugs cost? Ultimately, some-body is going to pay for them—maybe your insurance company, if you are lucky. If not, maybe it is you and your family. Price disclosure is absent from virtually all of these drug ads. So when a patient sees an advertise-ment for Xeljanz or Xarelto, or his family doctor writes a prescription for it, the moment of truth may only occur when the patient finally goes to the pharmacy and sees for the first time what they are facing. No other in-dustry conceals its prices when it comes to consumer goods this way. I think that needs to change. I think American consumers have a right to know—in front, on the ads. That is why I will be introducing a bill, the Drug-price Transparency in Communications Act, or DTC Act, to require the disclosure of prices in di-rect-to-consumer ads and promotions to doctors. The American Medical Association recently adopted a resolution sup-porting me. In addition to that, my bill is endorsed by the American College of Physicians and the Consumers Union. It is a simple thing: Do American con-sumers have the right to know when it comes to the cost of these drugs? Do they have the right to know that if you take Xeljanz for rheumatoid arthritis, you are going to spend $3,100 per month? This bill would have the FDA and the Federal Trade Commission oversee these communications, requir-ing drug makers to disclose the whole-sale acquisition cost, known as the WAC, of the drug. Now, I am sure the response from Big Pharma, which makes a lot of money, will be to say: Well, that is just not the right price for every patient. I agree, but when we ask the pharma-ceutical companies for better price in-formation, they clam up. They will not answer. As long as they refuse to dis-close the true cost of drugs and refuse to provide any transparency in the shell games they run between charging different patients different amounts, we have to stick with the one industry- reported, verified number—the WAC— and that price is what we have put in as the required advertising on each of these drug ads on television. I have asked a lot of stakeholders for their suggestions about other ap-proaches. I am open to them, but ev-eryone understands this price estab-lishment—this price bottom line—and that is why we used it. Further, my legislation allows drug companies to explain that patients would pay less than the amount they advertise. But let’s also remember that somebody has to pay this high cost. If patients don’t pay the WAC price out- of-pocket to the pharmacy, their insur-ance company just might, which is why health premiums keep going up. Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois told me that they spend more on prescrip-tion pharmaceuticals than they do on in-patient hospital care. This is one of the big drivers in the cost of healthcare. Is it important that we disclose to consumers what the real costs are of the drugs they are being bombarded with on television? I think so. Doctors, patients, and families agree. If drug makers can fill the airways with phar-maceutical ads, then they should tell the whole story and provide clear infor-mation about drug costs. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, our Constitution starts with those three beautiful and powerful words: ‘‘We the People.’’ Our Founders envisioned a na-tion with a form of government that wouldn’t result in a government by the powerful and the privileged but instead would really deliver for the American people a form of government that is the foundation for every American to thrive. What a contrast that is to many of the governments of Europe that they had seen function on behalf of the priv-ileged and the powerful. Well, we have an issue before us that certainly is about government of, by, and for the people. It is the issue of the Children’s Health Insurance Program, often referred to as CHIP. This pro-gram has been expired for 46 days—46 days—putting children’s healthcare at risk throughout our country. Why isn’t this bill on the floor right now? Why isn’t it being passed by unanimous consent right now, or at least being debated and amended and passed? We have five States—five States—that are running out of money in this quarter. Oregon, my home State, is one of them. We are going to be out of money next month. We have another 25 States that are going to be running out of money in the first 3 months of 2018, disrupting the con-tinuity of essential services for our lit-tle ones. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.041 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7248 November 15, 2017 
For 20 years, the Children’s Health Insurance Program has ensured that no children fall through the cracks of our healthcare system. It has covered checkups, immunizations, dental vis-its, and doctors’ visits, assisting our struggling and low-income families who make too much to qualify for Med-icaid but not enough to be able to actu-ally purchase health services or healthcare for their children. Every single State in America—50 States out of 50—has a program. Now, they tend to operate at different levels. Forty-six States cover children up to or above 200 percent of poverty. We have 24 States that cover families up to incomes of 215 percent of poverty. So 24 States go a little further. We have a handful of States that expand coverage up to 300 percent of coverage. In my home State of Oregon, 140,000 children rely on the Children’s Health Insurance Program. It is just not acceptable that Mem-bers of this body come to this floor to talk about how to do trillions of dol-lars of tax benefits for the very wealthiest of Americans while we are failing to get a bill on the floor for health insurance for America’s poor and struggling children. There is a lot I could say about that tax bill. It is really a bank heist. It is designed to deliver trillions of dollars to the rich-est 1 percent of Americans, while doing virtually nothing for the middle class and absolutely nothing for the bottom third of Americans. But doesn’t there seem to be something wrong in a ‘‘we the People’’ democratic republic when we have a bill on the floor that is a bank heist on the Federal Treasury to deliver benefits—trillions of dollars—to the richest Americans and we can’t have a debate on this floor on healthcare for the poorest children in America? Well, certainly, I think it is a perversion of the principle of a gov-ernment that serves the people to put the privileged and powerful ahead in line. We have seen, certainly, many ren-ditions of this. We have seen a broader bill, a set of bills, including the TrumpCare, zombie healthcare bill that came to this floor. It was going to wipe out healthcare for 22 million Americans. Then it came back in a dif-ferent form that was kind of the fake insurance form, and it was defeated again. Then it came back as the skinny bill, and it was defeated again. All of these bills wiped out healthcare for millions and millions of America’s families. Well, now we have a tax bill coming to the floor that, once again, has a pro-vision put in it to wipe out healthcare for millions of American families. That is why we call it the zombie bill—the fact that we kill this thing, try to put a stake through its heart, knowing that we are supposed to be here serving the people—not the most privileged, the people. That is what is in our Con-stitution. That is the vision of this Na-tion, but apparently it is not the vision for those who control the bills that come to this floor because this bill has been waiting for 46 days to be ad-dressed. There is a bipartisan bill ready and waiting to be brought to the floor right now. Senator H
ATCH and Senator W
YDEN have worked together. They passed this bill out of their committee. It would extend the Children’s Health Insurance Program through 2022. We could take up that bill right now and pass it. It had the full support of the committee. The Republicans and the Democrats were on board. So why isn’t it here? Why are we disrupting healthcare for America’s children? To my colleagues: Set aside your am-bition of ripping off the Federal Gov-ernment to deliver benefits to the top 1 percent of Americans and pay some at-tention to America’s children. That is our responsibility. That should be our mission. That is the purpose of our Constitution. Let’s get it done. Nine million American children are waiting. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise to speak in opposition to the nomination of Joseph Otting to be Comptroller of the Currency. I appreciate Mr. Otting’s willingness to enter public service. That said, he is not the person we need in this very im-portant financial watchdog roll. We have learned lessons from the quality, the attitude, and the work of the per-son in this office, and I am virtually sure he is not the right person. We have made a lot of progress in the last 7 years since we passed Wall Street re-form. The last thing we need is some-one leading the Office of the Comp-troller of the Currency working to weaken or eliminate important safe-guards, instead of looking out for workers, borrowers, and the stability of our financial system. The financial watchdogs, including the previous Comptroller, Thomas Curry, took significant steps to right the wrongs that led to the 2008 finan-cial crisis. It is important that we not have this collective amnesia that seems to permeate this body about what happened to this country 10 years ago. Working together, Comptroller Curry and other financial watchdogs strengthened rules for the largest banks. Independently, the OCC en-hanced the supervision and examina-tion of these banks, took enforcement actions against bad actors, and took steps to address concerns that the agency had been captured by the indus-try. There was clear evidence of that by previous people in this job. This administration is putting the banking industry back in charge of po-licing itself. We should have learned from that a decade ago. Mr. Otting is yet another bank executive who prof-ited from the financial crisis and is being rewarded by the Trump adminis-tration with a powerful job overseeing our Nation’s banking system. This is a man who worked at OneWest and made a fortune kicking military service-members, seniors, and working fami-lies out of their homes, all while pock-eting $2.5 billion—that is billion with a ‘‘b’’—from the FDIC to protect his bank from any losses. The bank, OneWest, in this behavior, in this money from FDIC, in this ac-tion of kicking military servicemem-bers and seniors and working families out of their homes—this all might sound familiar to my colleagues; it cer-tainly sounds familiar to the people in the Finance Committee and the Bank-ing Committee. It is the same place that Mr. Mnuchin—now-Secretary of the Treasury—worked, doing the same kinds of things and work that Mnuchin did. Mr. Otting and his former boss, Sec-retary Mnuchin, refused to provide Senators State-by-State data on OneWest’s foreclosures on seniors, servicemembers, and other borrowers. They refused to answer questions about OneWest loan modifications. I think Ohioans—and I hope enough of my col-leagues to constitute a majority— would like to know what they are hid-ing. It was pretty amazing to sit in the Finance Committee and listen to Sec-retary Mnuchin and watch Secretary Mnuchin—then-Secretary-Designee Mnuchin—refuse to release informa-tion, refuse to disclose information. In fact, he had forgotten about a $100 mil-lion investment he had when he testi-fied in front of the committee. We found out later that he had this invest-ment that he forgot to disclose; $100 million is a lot of money. Even to Sec-retary Mnuchin I think that is a lot of money. Even to this administration, that is a lot of money. What we do know, thanks to impor-tant work by our independent press, is not pretty. What we do know about what OneWest did is not pretty. In Jan-uary, the Columbus Dispatch—the most conservative newspaper in my State, the second largest paper in our State—ran a front-page story on that bank’s abuses. Their investigative jour-nalism found that OneWest used so- called robosignings on mortgage docu-ments. According to the Dispatch, in its fine investigative work, under Mr. Otting’s watch from 2009 to 2015, nearly 2,000 Ohioans in our six largest coun-ties were foreclosed on by OneWest. The abuses were so bad that Mr. Otting signed an OCC consent order—a legal agreement that a bank and its regu-lator enter into when illegal practices at the bank force the government to step in. If you are signing an OCC consent order, it is a pretty serious problem. In any other administration, this would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.043 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7249 November 15, 2017 
have been disqualifying. In any other administration, Mr. Otting—or for that matter, Mr. Mnuchin, who was engaged in the same kind of practices—would have withdrawn their name. In any other administration, if the nominee didn’t withdraw their name, the admin-istration would have told them to withdraw their name, but not in this White House. Frankly, when you walk into this White House, it looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives and people like OneWest executives and people who foreclosed on home after home and, frankly, have almost no con-trition and paid almost nothing, suf-fered almost no consequences for their action. The consent order documented OneWest’s breathtaking list of fore-closure abuses, gouging borrowers with excessive fees and unfairly evicting servicemembers on Active Duty. Think about that. They not only evicted serv-icemembers, they evicted servicemem-bers on Active Duty. In some cases, I assume the wife was serving overseas and the husband was evicted because he couldn’t make the payments, partly because his wife is paid so little as a member of the Armed Forces. Mr. Otting was held accountable for one of the major abuses, robosigning, by the bank’s regulator in 2014. But during his Senate Banking Committee confirmation hearing, he continued to deny wrongdoing, even when faced with a legal document proving otherwise. One of the things that amazes the American public is that nobody went to jail for what they caused in the last decade, what they caused in 2007, 2008, and 2009—the pain and the hardship, the pain of plant closings and lost jobs, the hardship of losing your home, the terrible consequences of losing much of your retirement savings. The people who caused this suffered almost no consequence. The American public, first of all, can’t believe none of them went to jail. Maybe they are not so sur-prised anymore that there is no contri-tion. Then, we reward these people by making them Secretary of the Treas-ury or Comptroller of the Currency. Mr. Otting was held accountable. In all of these legal proceedings—and I am not a lawyer so maybe I don’t exactly understand this, but these people signed some document, but they never really admitted they did anything wrong. Mr. Otting followed that proc-ess. Even though we had this docu-mentation, he continued to deny wrongdoing, even when we presented him with that legal document. Instead of helping families recover from the financial crisis as CEO of Sec-retary Mnuchin’s—not Secretary then—OneWest Bank, Mr. Otting con-tributed to devastation. So this admin-istration has chosen him to be in charge of one of the key agencies pro-tecting ordinary Americans from Wall Street. I will say that again. He was a big part of the problem, as CEO of OneWest Bank. He has committed wrongdoing; we presented him with a legal document proving that. Yet the administration chooses him to be Comptroller of the Currency. It is a job most of America doesn’t know much about. I didn’t either until I came here. I acknowledge that. It is a job that most Americans don’t think much about. It is a job that most Americans don’t think has a great im-pact in their lives, but Americans know what happened 10 years ago. I live in ZIP Code 44105, Cleveland, OH. My ZIP Code in 2007 had more fore-closures than any ZIP Code in the United States of America. I can’t leave my house, if I go more than about 300 yards, without seeing the devastation caused by people like Mr. Otting—peo-ple who lost their homes, people who lost their jobs, people who have suf-fered and lost their life savings because of Wall Street malfeasance, because of companies like OneWest. I am guessing that Mr. Otting doesn’t think about this, and I am guessing that most peo-ple here don’t think about this. Pope Francis, soon after assuming the Papacy, admonished parish priests to go out and smell like the flock. It wouldn’t hurt all of us to do that a lit-tle more around here, to talk to some-body who has lost a job. It typically happened, in my neighborhood near Slavic Village, Cleveland, OH, where the spouse lost her job, and then the husband’s plant closed, and then they couldn’t keep up with the payments. Then they had to tell their teenage daughter: Honey, we are going to lose our home. First, they had to give away their family dog, probably, because owning a dog costs money, and they were squeezed. They knew they were in trouble. Then they had to explain to their daughter that she is going to go to a different school district—and all the things of life have turned upside down. Your life turns upside down if you are foreclosed on or if you are evicted. I am guessing Mr. Otting doesn’t think a lot about that. I am guessing Secretary Mnuchin doesn’t think a lot about that, as he travels on private planes and his wife brags about her ex-pensive clothes. I am guessing very few in this White House think about that, but maybe they should. If he is con-firmed—and I assume he will be be-cause the Republicans in this body gen-erally do whatever Wall Street and whatever companies like OneWest want them to do in confirming nominees like Mr. Otting, but I wish Mr. Otting would think about a little bit more about the devastation to which he con-tributed. Right now at the OCC, Keith Noreika—previously, a big bank law-yer—has spent his time rolling back rules to protect Americans from preda-tory payday lenders. He has worked against a Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau rule that would have al-lowed customers to take their banks to court when they were cheated. Mr. Noreika has done all this as Act-ing Comptroller. He wasn’t confirmed by this body. Get this: His temporary role as a special government employee means he doesn’t have to live up to the same ethics or conflicts of interest rules as everyone else. He takes this job as Acting Comptroller while we wait for Mr. Otting; he takes this job as Acting Comptroller, and he does the bidding of all of these financial service interest groups, all of the payday lend-ers, and all of the people who are prey-ing on working families and preying on low-income people. He leaves and joins some of these companies, and he is very amply rewarded, and he doesn’t have to live under any ethics rules. The people who run watchdog agen-cies are supposed to be independent voices who protect workers in the economy from financial crisis, not banking industry lapdogs who help their former boardroom buddies on Wall Street. If his record is any guide, certainly Mr. Noreika didn’t serve the public. He served as a lapdog. He served the banking industry. If his records are any guide, I am concerned that Mr. Otting will be no different, that the OCC’s independence will be com-promised under his leadership. He worked side by side with Secretary Mnuchin at OneWest Bank. Mr. Mnuchin hand-picked Mr. Otting for this job. We are already seeing signs of Wall Street influence at some of the agen-cies, consistent with Secretary Mnuchin’s agenda. They have pulled back on Wall Street reforms. They have attacked other agencies for doing their jobs. For wealthy bank executives and pri-vate investors like Mr. Otting, the cri-sis wasn’t a life-changing event. Think about that. The crisis for Mr. Otting wasn’t a life-changing event, but those people who live in ZIP Code 441, in Slavic Village in Cleveland, for those people whose homes I drive by every day, people who lost jobs because of the financial crisis, people who lost homes because of the financial crisis, people who lost their life savings because of the financial crisis, those weren’t just life-changing; those were life-destroy-ing kinds of events. Yet Mr. Otting and Mr. Mnuchin go forward, and they pocket their tens of millions of dollars, and then they are appointed by the President of the United States to watch over these financial watchdogs. They saw the crisis. The crisis was life-changing to my neighbors. They saw a crisis as an opportunity to profit by flipping failing banks bought at rock-bottom prices, but not before foreclosing, as the Columbus Dispatch said, all while raking in taxpayer dol-lars. If confirmed, Mr. Otting will be in charge of ensuring that all national banks, including Wells Fargo—we cer-tainly heard about Wells Fargo’s abuse of millions of its customers. His job will be to ensure that all national banks, including banks like Wells Fargo, are complying with the law, that they operate in a safe and sound 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.045 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7250 November 15, 2017 
manner, and that they protect cus-tomers. To be real, do we think we can trust him to do that after the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, the financial crisis that devastated Ohio, Colorado, and Massachusetts families? After people lost their jobs, their homes, and their savings, Mr. Otting clearly isn’t the right person for this job. Yesterday, the Chair of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Marty Gruenberg, said: 
I confess to having a certain sense of deja vu. Banking conditions today are strong and the possibility of a serious downturn any-time soon is generally viewed as remote. That was certainly true during the pre-crisis years as well. If I have one key point to make today, it is that we should guard against the temptation to become compla-cent about the risks facing the financial sys-tem. 
I would comment on Mr. Gruenberg’s comments that 11 years ago or so—10, 11, 12 years ago—it didn’t seem all that likely to many, at least to those in the Bush administration, that there would be an implosion of the economy and an implosion of the banking system, a cri-sis; that there was, in fact, the new head of supervision at the Federal Re-serve who pretty much said, as late as 2007: We really shouldn’t be concerned about a housing crisis. It is only going to hit the higher, upper end of home-owners, and it will not affect the econ-omy. Those are the people this Presi-dent has put in charge to be the watch-dogs of our financial system. Again, Mr. Gruenberg said: If I have one key point, it is this. We should guard against the temptation to be-come complacent about the risks fac-ing our financial system. We need to take Chair Gruenberg’s warning seriously. Confirming a bank-er to the OCC—a banker who will give Wall Street its wish list—is a high price for working families to pay who are still feeling the impact of the last financial crisis. I urge my colleagues to vote no on Mr. Otting. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Ohio for his leader-ship in impressing on the American people to take a look at Mr. Otting, who has been named to be the head of the OCC. I rise and join my voice with his in saying that this is a bad nomina-tion for America. Donald Trump promised during his inaugural address to fight for the ‘‘for-gotten men and women of our coun-try.’’ Yet, even before his bags were un-packed at the White House, he started bringing Wall Street to Washington, importing the worst of the worst bank-ers who had gambled away the econ-omy, putting them in charge of regu-lating the same companies they once worked for. It is a long list. It is the former Goldman Sachs presi-dent, Gary Cohn, to lead the National Economic Council and Wall Street fat cat Wilbur Ross to lead the Commerce Department. Randal Quarles went straight from his private equity fund to the Federal Reserve, where he is now responsible for regulating our big-gest banks. Maybe the most important and most ridiculous of all of the Wall Street im-ports is Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. Mnuchin spent 17 years at Goldman Sachs. As the financial crisis was sweeping across the country, Mnuchin organized a team of billion-aires to purchase IndyMac Bank out of Federal receivership. He rebranded the bank as OneWest and put himself in charge. Then Mr. Mnuchin and OneWest acted swiftly and decisively to boot more than 36,000 families out of their homes all over the country. The Senate should never have con-firmed that kind of person to run the Treasury Department, but it did. Now, among other things, he leads the Coun-cil that is responsible for making sure Wall Street does not blow up our econ-omy again. I know it actually sounds like a joke, but the risks for the rest of us are way too serious. Republicans don’t seem to have any problem with any of this. In fact, they are doubling down. Today, they plan to confirm Mnuchin’s former OneWest business partner, Joseph Otting, to lead the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and take another seat on that same Council. The OCC is one of the most impor-tant regulators you have probably never heard of. It is the main bank overseer of the United States. It char-ters, regulates, and supervises more than 1,400 banks. The OCC writes rules to make the economy more secure, and it puts examiners inside the big banks in order to catch new tricks and scams before they harm consumers or, worse, before they crash the economy, and when banks mess up, it is the OCC’s job to enforce the law. Mr. Otting is buddies with the Treas-ury Secretary from their days of lead-ing OneWest Bank. I guess that is why he got this nomination, but if you care about making sure regulators watch out for families, businesses, and our economy, it is hard to think of anyone worse for this job other than Steve Mnuchin. We all know a segment of the banking industry specialized in squeez-ing American families, particularly after the financial meltdown, but OneWest may have been the worst of the worst, especially when Otting was president and CEO from 2010 to 2015. What happened on Mr. Otting’s watch? OneWest ran a notorious foreclosure mill that threw thousands of families out of their homes and illegally—un-derline ‘‘illegally’’—foreclosed on doz-ens of servicemembers. The OneWest crew didn’t just hurt families; it de-stroyed whole communities when it foreclosed on dozens of properties in the same neighborhoods, making it even harder for families to start over and rebuild. OneWest stole homes out from underneath families, lying to homeowners who were legally entitled to modify their mortgages and keep their homes under a government pro-gram and telling them the only way forward was through foreclosure. OneWest treated all of its home-owners like garbage, but its treatment of minority homeowners was particu-larly disgusting. OneWest was nine times more likely to foreclose on a homeowner who was in a community of color than to offer him a mortgage. All of this went down while the bank was busy vacuuming up more than $1 billion in taxpayer bailout money dur-ing the financial crisis. These scams at OneWest devastated a lot of American homeowners and, at the same time, put Mr. Otting in the same room with a lot of regulators. After an investigation by the Treas-ury Department found that OneWest systematically cheated in foreclosure proceedings, including by lying in sworn statements to judges, cutting corners, and failing to check to make sure they had the right documents be-fore foreclosing on families, Mr. Otting signed a consent decree with the gov-ernment to agree that OneWest would pay more than 10,000 people for improp-erly throwing them out of their homes, but that is not all. In 2015, OneWest forked over more than $89 million in fines to the Department of Justice for defrauding the government and ille-gally putting taxpayers on the hook for the loans if they went bad. So what happened to Mr. Otting after hurting all of those families, after lying to judges, after admitting to de-frauding the U.S. Government? He got a nice $12 million severance check and a call from Donald Trump, asking if he wanted a corner office right here in Washington. It is crazy to expect a banker who has broken the law to turn around and fight to enforce it. It is like putting criminals in charge of the police sta-tion and expecting them not to look the other way while their buddies keep stealing. There is nothing in Mr. Otting’s record to suggest he would protect consumers from financial fraud or take the steps needed to rein in the banks or avoid future financial melt-downs. You may not have heard of the OCC, but I promise you that when this agen-cy refuses to stand up to the big banks and enforce the law, American families get hurt. It is as simple as that. Before the financial crisis, the OCC buddied up with the banks they were supposed to regulate, and everybody knew it. The result was the 2008 financial crisis that cost our economy $14 trillion. Millions of families lost their homes. Millions lost their jobs. Millions lost their sav-ings and their retirement money. Near-ly a decade later, many American fam-ilies are still hurting. Now the Trump administration is ready to take us back to the bad old days, in which banks made gobs of money off risky bets while the regulators just looked the other way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.046 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7251 November 15, 2017 
Confirming Mr. Otting is kicking dirt in the faces of every one of OneWest’s victims. It is a gut punch to every American who was hurt in the finan-cial crisis. Even if none of that matters to you, it is a terrible idea because leaving Mr. Otting in charge of bank regulation will endanger our economy. American families and businesses need and deserve a cop on the beat who will fight hard to keep them safe. Every-thing we know about Mr. Otting says he will be out there fighting for the big banks. I will be voting no on Mr. Otting’s nomination, and I urge all of my col-leagues to do the same. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, we are at a critical juncture in our in-vestigation into Russia’s interference in last year’s election and potential collusion by Americans with Russia’s meddling and obstruction of justice that may have occurred. Those issues are under investigation by the Judici-ary Committee, which has a unique re-sponsibility because we exercise over-sight concerning the Department of Justice and the FBI. So the firing of James Comey, among other actions that raised issues regarding potential collusion and obstruction of justice, is very much appropriate and necessary for our inquiry to determine. We also have a unique responsibility because only the Judiciary Committee can make public for the American peo-ple to know and understand what hap-pened that may involve obstruction of justice and, equally important, what can be done to prevent it in the future. The Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate can legislate. There are other investigations ongo-ing involving the special counsel, who will determine criminal culpability, and the Intelligence Committees of both the House and the Senate, which have a counterterrorism responsibility, but they rarely legislate in the way that the Judiciary Committee does. I am proud to serve on the Judiciary Committee. I greatly respect the lead-ership of our committee: Chairman G
RASSLEY , who is a straight shooter, cares deeply about the integrity of our judicial process, and has a long-standing and distinguished record of protecting whistleblowers; and our ranking member, Senator D
IANNE FEIN-
STEIN of California, who has been a steadfast champion of judicial integ-rity. Every week we are seeing cascading disclosures that reflect potential collu-sion or cooperation between the Trump campaign and Russian officials. These disclosures reflect on the obstruction of justice that is front and center of the Judiciary Committee’s investiga-tion. Just this week, through a stunning expose´in The Atlantic, later confirmed by Donald Trump, Jr., himself, the American people learned of secret ex-changes between WikiLeaks and Don-ald Trump, Jr., during the 2016 Presi-dential campaign. The exchanges began in September 2016—2 months before the election. Over the course of those ex-changes, WikiLeaks sent literally doz-ens of messages to Trump Junior, who sent back at least three messages. He acted at WikiLeaks’ behest at least one time, tweeting out a link to the hacked emails of John Podesta, Jr., at WikiLeaks’ suggestion. He told other high-ranking officials on the Trump campaign that WikiLeaks had reached out to him in an extraordinarily re-vealing message. At no point did he re-buff the advances—in fact, just the op-posite. At no point did he reject those overtures from WikiLeaks. And what we are seeing, particularly in the fa-miliar tone, almost intimate nature of these exchanges back and forth, is the possibility that what we have discov-ered is just the tip of the iceberg in those exchanges. These revelations are stunning. They are jaw-dropping. The son of the Presi-dent of the United States—then can-didate—actively engaged and may have coordinated strategy with a group that the current CIA Director has called a ‘‘hostile intelligence service.’’ The present Director of the CIA, appointed by the President of the United States, Donald Trump, characterized WikiLeaks as a ‘‘hostile intelligence service’’—and that is a direct quote— and then observed that it is often abet-ted by hostile Nation states like Rus-sia. Without subpoenaing Donald Trump, Jr., to testify in public, we cannot be sure we have the full record. One of the most stunning aspects of this exchange, indeed, was its very per-sonal tone. Many who read the cov-erage may sense and feel, understand-ably and rightly, that we are reading fragments of a longer and larger con-versation that may have involved other participants or relied on other means of communication. We are inevitably and inexorably left with some very key questions: How did Donald Trump, Jr., know of WikiLeaks’ plan to leak Podesta’s emails before they were even released? Why did WikiLeaks feel confident it could inform Trump Junior that they had hacked Podesta’s emails without worrying that he would turn this infor-mation over to law enforcement? Hack-ing is a crime. How could WikiLeaks be in the least bit confident that Donald Trump, Jr., would not report that crime to the proper authorities? And he did not. Perhaps most crucially, why would Trump Junior see an invitation from WikiLeaks to coordinate efforts as anything other than inappropriate, un-ethical, and a potentially illegal act? Given the stakes, my expectation was—and the American people could likewise expect the same—that our committee would act quickly and transparently to answer those ques-tions raised by these messages as well as the interview conducted by our com-mittee staff of Donald Trump, Jr. That is what I was expecting when these messages were first provided to the Ju-diciary Committee roughly 2 months ago. My expectation was that Donald Trump, Jr., would be compelled to tes-tify and that he would be subpoenaed to provide a full record of his commu-nications relating to Russia’s inter-ference in our elections. Surely those subpoenas that were discussed, even issued over the summer, would now be reissued and enforced. The lack of action has been frus-trating to me. Likewise, I have been disappointed that we have made vir-tually no progress toward scheduling a public hearing with Donald Trump, Jr., and other key individuals involved in this investigation. The subpoenas have not been reissued. I have called repeat-edly for that action to be taken. The documents have not been subpoenaed. Those key documents that are so rel-evant and necessary to our investiga-tion have not been subpoenaed, as I have asked to be done repeatedly. That is why I am here today to raise concerns about the Senate Judiciary Committee’s investigation into Rus-sia’s interference in our election, pos-sible collusion by the Trump campaign, and obstruction of justice. The threat is that the investigation is stalling. The danger of lack of progress is depriving the American peo-ple of information they deserve. I rec-ognize that congressional investiga-tions must operate methodically, sys-tematically, and in some cases con-fidentially until the committee is ready to release its findings. But that confidentiality can serve an important purpose if it aids an investigation—not if it engenders the kind of lack of trust that is clearly a possibility here, not if it engenders that lack of trust, not if it endangers confidence and trust in the process. There may be a need for con-fidentiality to encourage cooperation of witnesses, but ultimately the Amer-ican people deserve disclosure. There is a need for impetus and ur-gency in this investigation. The Amer-ican people must be made aware of key facts and issues raised by these docu-ments and the interviews conducted so far. My hope is that colleagues will join me in asking for more progress, more disclosure, and more trans-parency, because the American people need and deserve that kind of disclo-sure. Without the exposure provided by a free and independent press, justice de-layed could have extended into justice denied. That is the danger. Secrecy threatens to stall the investigation, and my hope is that we will have the kind of transparency in greater meas-ure that is necessary for trust and con-fidence in this investigation. I hope my colleagues on the Senate Judiciary Committee will join me in demanding that Donald Trump, Jr., and other key figures in the investiga-tion testify under subpoena, in public, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.052 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7252 November 15, 2017 
under oath, and that documents be sub-poenaed as well. The Senate Judiciary Committee has a particularly critical role in exposing the truth. Even if criminal charges are never brought, the American people have a right to know whether their public officials have held themselves to the standard of honesty, loyalty, and integrity that they have a right to expect. This body is in the best position to provide that measure of truth—hopefully the whole truth—to the American people. There are many Members whose lead-ership on this issue I appreciate. As I mentioned, Senator F
EINSTEIN is send-ing a second tranche of letters this afternoon on this investigation. But we are allowing time to pass without progress. That opportunity, once lost, cannot be recovered with the measure of importance that it deserves. We must issue subpoenas. We must hold public hearings. We must get to the truth, and it must be done now. Thank you. I will refer these remarks to my col-leagues with great respect for them and for the leadership of this com-mittee. And I will come back to the floor. I will return to this subject be-cause I think it is so critically impor-tant. The American people deserve more information, and they deserve better. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN  
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, we are having a chance now to take a look at the House and Senate Republican tax plans. Both of these plans were cooked up largely in secret, and as more information comes out, we see more and more how much damage they are going to do to our country. The plans have many features that overlap, and one of those overlapping features is that both of them provide a massive tax giveaway to big corpora-tions and powerful special interests. The Wall Street Journal, in an article just a little while back that was look-ing at the House plan, talked about a provision that is also in the Senate plan. They said that, at a 20-percent corporate tax rate, banks stand to be among the biggest winners from tax re-form according to S&P Global Market Intelligence. The five biggest diversi-fied U.S. banks alone might have had tax savings of $11.5 billion in 2016 at that rate. In other words, if that 20 per-cent rate had been in place back in 2016, those big banks—the biggest banks—would have seen that huge windfall, that huge additional profit. A recent analysis from Bloomberg Law estimates that banks could see a 12-percent drop in their effective tax rates and an 18-percent increase in their profits. This is at a time that the biggest banks in the United States— not the community banks, but the big-gest banks in this country—are already making huge profits, and this just pro-vides them with an extra tax windfall that is going to be paid by millions of middle-class taxpayers and paid by in-creasing our national debt. Of course, as the national debt goes up, people will come around and say: OK, let’s also pay for them by cutting Medicare and Medicaid. In fact, that is right there in the Senate Republican budget. So the bottom line is that both the House and the Senate Republican tax plans are big giveaways to big cor-porations, paid for by many other Americans. Now, this is not the only way the Trump administration is working to provide big giveaways to the biggest banks. We remember back during the financial crisis and the meltdown that taxpayers had to be brought in to save big financial institutions in order to protect the larger economy. It was a terribly difficult decision people had to make to protect the economy, and at that time we said: Never again are we going to allow the big banks on Wall Street to gamble in a way that leaves taxpayers—all of our constituents—on the hook. They can take risks, but they shouldn’t be taking risks with taxpayer money. That was the whole purpose of the Wall Street reforms. Now comes the Trump administra-tion, and in addition to a tax plan that wants to provide big corporate breaks to the biggest banks, they want to take down a lot of the guardrails that pre-vent banks from taking big risks that taxpayers will end up paying for. One of the ways they are trying to bring down those guardrails is by appointing people to very important positions within the government who oversee the big banks but who have a history of very cozy relationships with those big banks, so that they can bring down the guardrails which, once again, will ex-pose taxpayers to the risks of gambling on Wall Street. Mr. President, that brings me to the nomination that is before the Senate today, the nomination of Joseph Otting to be the next Comptroller of the Cur-rency. With so much going on right now, I wish to take one moment to step back and talk about what the Comp-troller does, because the Comptroller of the Currency plays a critical role in ensuring the stability of our national banking system. It is there to make sure that our banks don’t blow up our financial system in the kind of way we saw happen in 2008 and the years lead-ing up to that. The OCC has been an independent agency since the Civil War. The Comp-troller has to be confirmed with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate, and the reason that process was put in place was to make sure we preserved the agency’s independence and safeguarded our financial system from the whims of the executive branch. You don’t want somebody at the head of the OCC who is simply the lackey for the adminis-tration—whatever administration might be in power. Now, the OCC is responsible for the supervision of more than 1,400 national banks and Federal savings associations and about 50 Federal branches and agencies of foreign banks in the United States. These institutions together comprise nearly two-thirds of the as-sets of the commercial banking sys-tem. They require prudent, smart, rea-sonable regulation to ensure that they comply with the laws that Congress has passed to prevent another financial crisis—to prevent another financial crisis in which it was not Wall Street executives who, at the end of the day, were left holding the bag, but it was the American people who had to pay the bill and who took it on the chin in the form of a collapsing economy and lost jobs and wages. Yet we see this President and the Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Mnuchin, continuing down the path to lower those guardrails and expose tax-payers to greater risk. One of the things they need to do that is to have somebody at the head of OCC who is not going to be an independent person but somebody who is willing to do the bidding of the Secretary of the Treas-ury and the President of the United States. As I said, normally the OCC leader is supposed to go through the confirma-tion process to preserve that independ-ence, but under the Trump administra-tion, they wanted to get going right away in lowering the guardrails and giving big banks more running room even if that put taxpayers at risk. So rather than offer a Senate nominee early in the year, the President and Secretary Mnuchin used an under-handed tactic to install a person by the name of Keith Noreika as Comptroller. By using this procedure, they sidestepped the Senate confirmation process and, by the way, also allowed Mr. Noreika to sidestep the Trump ad-ministration’s ethics pledge and ethics requirements. So that is who is there right now—Mr. Noreika—and he has spent most of his career, prior to tak-ing that position, telling big banks how they can avoid regulations that are de-signed to protect taxpayers and protect the economy. In fact, if you look at the ethics forms that he did file, he had to recuse himself from virtually all the major banks that the OCC regulates. His work in the private sector created an unprecedented series of conflicts of interests far more than any other per-son in that position and underscoring the need for someone to have to go through the Senate confirmation proc-ess, rather than trying to short-circuit that process with underhanded tactics. I was very concerned about the use of this runaround and asked the Sec-retary’s inspector general to initiate an investigation into the means and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.054 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7253 November 15, 2017 
manner of that appointment, because what happened was that Mr. Noreika was designated what is called ‘‘a spe-cial government employee,’’ or an SGE. When you use that mechanism, you are only supposed to have the person serve in that position for 130 days of the year. It is a very unusual type of ap-pointment and almost never used when it comes to the head of an agency. In fact, this may be close to the first time. Well, that 130-day deadline, if you count by calendar days, expired in Sep-tember. Yet now we have a new inter-pretation of the law, which is a wild stretch, saying: Well, it is not calendar days. We are going to count it as busi-ness days. But the whole point here is that this mechanism—this under-handed mechanism—has been used to allow this new person, Mr. Noreika, at the OCC. In that period of time, by looking at what he has done, we can see he wasn’t installed there just to be a caretaker. He has been very active in those early months in working very hard to lower many of the protections we have put in place for taxpayers and for our finan-cial system. He was in the middle of the effort to repeal the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau’s manda-tory arbitration rule, to roll back the OCC’s Community Reinvestment Act supervisory guidance, and to eliminate the deposit advance guidance rule, which is a rule that makes it more dif-ficult for national banks to provide payday loans at outrageous rates that are unaffordable to the people who take them out. Since Mr. Noreika has been at the OCC, the OCC has been involved in helping one of his former clients cir-cumvent Federal guidance intended to prevent banks from shopping around for hands-off regulators who will not scrutinize their activities—in other words, forum shopping for bank regu-lators. Just this morning, the Wall Street Journal reported that on November 7 the Bank of Tokyo converted the li-cense of its New York State branch from a State license to a Federal li-cense. So why did they do that? Why did they do that at this time? Well, this decision to change regulators came in the middle of an ongoing in-vestigation by the New York Depart-ment of Financial Services into that bank’s lack of scrutiny of its clients, some of whom are suspected of evading U.S. sanctions on Iran and North Korea. Now, the OCC’s licensing manual says that it draws heavily on informa-tion received from the Office’s current U.S. supervisor and other confidential and supervisory information available to the OCC when considering the appli-cation from a financial institution that wants to switch from State supervision to Federal supervision. That courtesy and that guideline were not applied in this case. That information and that notice were not provided to the New York Department of Financial Serv-ices, and the OCC has refused to act in response to this effort by the financial institution to evade oversight. As a result, the Bank of Tokyo— which is a former client of the current head of the OCC, Mr. Noreika—is now going to be supervised by his office. It appears to have successfully dodged an active investigation into its clients’ potential evasion of U.S. sanctions on foreign adversaries—in this case, North Korea and Iran. So that is the person who was installed by the Trump admin-istration during these first months, from the beginning of the year until now, using this underhanded method. Finally, we now have the nomination put forward for the person who will permanently be proposed to head up the OCC, Joseph Otting. In Mr. Otting, we have another example of somebody whose entire career has been spent working with banks and other major fi-nancial institutions to try to evade im-portant consumer protections and tax-payer protections. In fact, Mr. Otting and his bank were able to profit very handsomely from the mortgage crisis. The CEO of OneWest during part of that crisis was the person who is now Secretary of the Treasury, Stephen Mnuchin. He was the head of OneWest during the fore-closure crisis. During that time, OneWest had what many have called a foreclosure machine in place. Mr. Otting, who is going to be the head of the OCC—and whom we would hope would be more independent, as required by the charter of the OCC—was there working for the Secretary of the Treas-ury, Steve Mnuchin, at OneWest. Mr. Otting was there working at OneWest when the bank foreclosed on nearly 40,000 Americans. OneWest received more than $1 billion in taxpayer money to cover OneWest’s losses. Those are exactly the kind of losses we are trying to avoid in the aftermath of the crisis; that we are trying to avoid by adopting the Wall Street re-form bill Dodd-Frank so taxpayers— our constituents—aren’t left holding the bag for decisions made by people like Mr. Otting or Mr. Mnuchin. According to one media summary, OneWest Bank ‘‘rushed delinquent homeowners out of their homes by vio-lating notice and waiting period stat-utes, illegally backdated key docu-ments, and effectively gamed fore-closure auctions.’’ In the reverse mortgage business, OneWest-controlled firm Financial Freedom engaged in practices that led to more than 16,000 foreclosures, a far greater number than would be expected based on the company’s market share. Elderly individuals who had recently suffered the death of a spouse were vic-timized. In one case, Financial Free-dom attempted to evict a 90-year-old woman from her home over a 27-cent error on her insurance payment. In another case, a New York State Supreme Court judge called OneWest’s foreclosure practices ‘‘harsh, repug-nant, shocking, and repulsive.’’ Yet the person who has now been nominated to lead the OCC—Office of the Comp-troller of the Currency—a person who is supposed to be looking out for con-sumers’ and taxpayers’ interests and providing for a sound banking system that doesn’t melt down our economy, is Mr. Otting. He was the person who was in the middle of these OneWest fore-closure transactions. I hope this body will not support that nomination. 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN  
Mr. President, I started by talking about the tax bill. I want to get back to making a few more remarks about that tax bill. There is one thing that is in common between the nomination of Mr. Otting to oversee much of the banking system and the tax bill. Both of them are part of an effort to provide big gifts to big banks and to corporate America. We are seeing the Trump ad-ministration trying to use government power to help these large financial in-stitutions at the expense of consumers and at the expense of taxpayers. Let’s just take a look at what hap-pened yesterday and is continuing to happen in the Senate Finance Com-mittee. Republicans on that committee and the Republican tax plan couldn’t have sent a clearer message than they did just yesterday; that the Republican tax plan puts big corporate interests first and leaves the rest of the country behind, including millions of people in the middle class who will be left hold-ing the bag. Under the new tax plan, the tax cuts for corporations—those big tax cuts, reducing the rate from 35 percent to 20 percent—go on forever. They go on for the first 10 years. They go on for the next 10 years. They go on forever, but for everybody else, for those other Americans who get some tax cut under this bill, all those tax cuts go away after 10 years. They get sunsetted. If you are one of the folks in the mid-dle where Republicans say: Hey, this bill is for you; you will get some ben-efit, it is going away, but the corporate tax cut is there forever. I want to be clear. There are lots of folks in the middle—millions—who aren’t going to get to see any initial tax benefit. In fact, they are going to be paying more in taxes. We also saw, as part of this bill yesterday, an effort to repeal important provisions of the Affordable Care Act, changes that will result in 13 million Americans losing access to the Affordable Care Act and premiums being jacked up by 10 per-cent on the individual market. Let’s do the math here. Thirteen mil-lion Americans lose access to the Af-fordable Care Act; premiums go up by 10 percent; middle-class families—mil-lions of them—pay higher taxes, all to finance a permanent corporate tax cut. Let’s take a moment and look at who these multinational corporations are because ultimately the benefits, the profits, go to the CEOs, the executives, and of course they go to the share-holders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.056 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7254 November 15, 2017 
Let’s look at who some of these shareholders are who are going to get this whopping big tax benefit from cut-ting the corporate tax rate. When you dig under here a little bit, you discover that 35 percent of U.S. corporate stock is owned by foreigners—people who aren’t Americans. So 35 percent of the people who get the benefit of that gi-gantic corporate tax cut are foreign stockholders. According to the Insti-tute of Taxation and Economic Policy, those foreign stockholders are going to get a $31 billion windfall from the Re-publican tax plan in 2019 alone. You have the sunset of the individual taxes, but corporate tax breaks go on forever. Millionaires and billionaires are the biggest winners under the plan. President Trump reportedly made this phone call to a number of Senators just the other day, saying: Hey, guess what. I am going to be a ‘‘big loser’’ under this Republican tax plan. That is what President Trump said. Well, Mr. President, prove it. President Trump, release your tax returns, as Presidents have routinely done for decades, and show the American people that this plan doesn’t enrich the Trump family and the Trump businesses because here is what the Chicago Tribune says: ‘‘Trump says he’s a ‘big loser’ in GOP tax plan; experts say it could save him tens of millions.’’ In fact, just one part of the Repub-lican tax plan—cutting the taxes on large estates—could give President Trump’s heirs a windfall of $4.4 million. That is because the plan doubles the amount of money that is exempt from estate taxes. I am talking about the Senate plan. The Senate plan can pro-vide that $4.4 million windfall because the exemption today is for estates under $11 million. In other words, if you are a couple with an estate under $11 million, you don’t pay a single penny in Federal estate tax. The Sen-ate Republican plan takes that up to $22 million, and in doing so will provide President Trump’s heirs with a big windfall. In fact, if you use the House plan—which repeals it entirely—we are talking about a windfall of over $1 bil-lion. The Republican plan also eliminates the alternative minimum tax. That was a provision put in the Tax Code to provide some equity because a lot of wealthy people with good lawyers are able to take advantage of lots of deduc-tions that many Americans in the mid-dle are not able to claim. We wanted to make sure folks who made a ton of money couldn’t escape all of their re-sponsibility to the rest of the country and paid their fair share of taxes. That is why we adopted the alternative min-imum tax. Well, we know that back in 2005, President Trump, when he filed his tax returns, had to pay a tax in that year because of the alternative minimum tax. In fact, in that year it was $31 mil-lion. So let’s get rid of that provision. That will help a lot of very wealthy people escape any tax obligation—even as folks in the middle pay theirs. There is another way the Trump en-terprises will benefit from this Repub-lican tax plan, and that is through the so-called passthrough business provi-sions. These are businesses that don’t pay corporate taxes. Their profits are passed through and taxed on the indi-vidual returns of their owners. A lot of people want the public to think all these passthroughs are small mom-and- pops. I want to be there. We want to help mom-and-pops. We should be providing some tax benefits and relief to mom- and-pops, but everyone who looks at this knows a lot of those passthroughs are not mom-and-pops. Many of them are on the Fortune 500 list in the United States—the 500 wealthiest enti-ties. In fact, some of these passthrough entities are in the Fortune 100 list—not mom-and-pops. Guess who owns more than 500 passthrough entities—the Trump Organization. They will get a big windfall. President Trump, show the American public your tax forms before you go around telling people you are going to be a ‘‘big loser’’ from this plan. Now, it is not just about President Trump; it is just one example of the very wealthy Americans who are going to get a windfall under this plan. A provision that was put into the Senate Republican plan will help a lot of very well-heeled lobbyists here in Washington, DC. Under the Senate Re-publican plan, if you are a married lob-byist making up to $500,000 a year, you get to claim a deduction for 17.4 per-cent of your income. That is an $87,000 tax deduction if you are making $500,000 a year. But if you are the sec-retary working for that lobbying firm or if you are somebody hired to help clean up the firm, sorry—you are out of luck. You don’t get that special lob-byist passthrough tax rate. The question is, Who is going to pay for all of this at the end of the day? We are providing this huge tax giveaway to big corporations. We are providing tax breaks to the very wealthiest es-tates in the country—which, by the way, are only about 2 out of 1,000 tax-payers. There are fewer than 5,000 tax-payers in the country each year who end up paying that estate tax, the very wealthiest in the country. Who is going to pay for all of this? Well, millions of middle-class taxpayers are going to pay under this plan. We know from the Joint Committee on Taxation that in 2019, the Senate Republican plan will raise taxes on more than 13 million middle-class fam-ilies, people with incomes below $200,000. By 2025, more than 21 million middle-class families are going to get a tax hike. This is a plan that is being sold to the public as something that provides middle-class tax relief, but the Joint Committee on Taxation—the pros, the nonpartisan experts here in Congress—tells us that plan is going to raise taxes on 21 million middle-class families. One of the biggest sources of this in-crease in taxes for middle-class fami-lies is the complete repeal in the Sen-ate bill of people’s ability to deduct State and local taxes. More than 100 million American families use this de-duction today. Repealing it is double taxation, pure and simple. Those tax-payers now pay a dollar in tax to their State, whether it be the State of Mary-land, the State of Oklahoma, whatever it may be. Now they are going to be paying Federal taxes on the dollar that they sent to support the State govern-ment. The Senate bill is even worse than the House bill. The House bill is bad on this issue, but it is hard to believe that the Senate actually made this provi-sion even worse. If you look at this chart, it is inter-esting because what you find is that the huge corporate tax cut helps a lot of foreign investors. In fact, as I indi-cated, approximately 35 percent of all the stockholders are foreign investors. So that is going to give them, in just the year 2019, a $31 billion tax break. This is money we are sending to for-eigners, foreign stockholders. In that same year, we find out that Ameri-cans—many folks who are in the mid-dle, middle-class Americans—are going to pay $34 billion more in taxes. So you are asking middle-class American fam-ilies to finance big tax cuts for for-eigners who own stock in American corporations. What a gift to American middle-class taxpayers. That is a direct transfer from them to foreign stock-holders. When you deny people the ability to deduct their State and local taxes, you are also taxing decisions by State and local governments, which is ironic since our Republican colleagues have always said that it is best to leave most decisions to our local and State leaders because they are close to the people. Now you are taxing the deci-sions that they make to support their schools, to support their firefighters, to make investments locally. Now tax-payers in those communities have to pay their local government or pay their State, and then they have to pay the Feds on that same money that they just paid to their city or to their State for important services, such as schools for our kids. Here is the crazy thing about this Re-publican tax plan. Even after you ask middle-class American families to pay more—millions and millions of them— so that foreign stockholders get can get a tax break, even after you do you all that, it raises the national debt by $1.5 trillion. For many years, I served as the sen-ior Democrat on the House Budget Committee. At that time, the current Speaker of the House, P
AULRYAN, was the chairman of that committee, and he talked all the time about the dan-gers and risks of adding to our national debt. You know what. That is actually an area in which we found some agree-ment, because we shouldn’t have an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.058 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7255 November 15, 2017 
ever-rising national debt. Yet this Re-publican tax plan is calculated to in-crease the national debt by a whopping $1.5 trillion. People cared about our national debt when that was used as a reason to pro-pose cuts to Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security, but when it comes to financing tax breaks for foreign stockholders and big corporations, ap-parently that debt doesn’t matter. I have a prediction to make. I have a prediction that if this tax bill goes through and we blow up the national debt by $1.5 trillion, Speaker R
YANand everybody else who told us about the risks and dangers of a big national debt—all of a sudden, they are going to rediscover their commitment to reduc-ing the national debt. They forgot about it when it came to financing big tax breaks, but you know what—gosh, really, it is a big deal. And then they are not going to talk about rolling back the tax breaks they just gave the big corporations; they are going to go about cutting important investments— cutting Medicare, cutting Medicaid, cutting education. Do you know why I am very con-fident that we can predict that is what is going to happen? Because our Repub-lican colleagues have told us. It is right there in the budget. It is in their budget that passed the Senate and passed the House. Just open up those budgets. There is almost a $500 billion cut to Medicare—$473 billion to be exact. There is a $1 trillion cut to Med-icaid in the Republican budget. There are big cuts to domestic investments, and that is the category of our budget that funds education, modernizing our infrastructure, and medical research. It is all right there in the Republican budget. I hope that the American public is going to have a chance to focus on this. I understand why people are trying to speed this through—speed it through the House before Thanksgiving, speed it through the House and Senate before the end of the year—but people are be-ginning to wake up to this. I can assure my colleagues that when they find out exactly what is in this Republican plan, they are going to be very, very angry because all those middle-class families who were sold a bill of goods, thinking they are going to get this big tax cut—uh-uh. Millions of them are going to see a tax increase to finance tax breaks for big corporations and very wealthy Americans and will pay for it by rising national debt and ulti-mately cuts to important health and retirement and security programs, as well as education. I hope people will turn back now. The way to do this is the way tax reform was done in 1986—in a bipartisan, transparent fashion. Let’s get back to doing this the right way. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, that at 11:30 a.m. on Thursday, November 16, there be 30 minutes of postcloture time remaining on the Otting nomination, equally di-vided between the leaders or their des-ignees, and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the confirmation of the Otting nomination; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. I further ask consent that following disposition of the Otting nomination, the Senate vote on the pending cloture motions on the Coggins and Friedrich nominations in the order filed, and that if cloture is in-voked, the postcloture time on the nominations run consecutively. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 486 and 487. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Bobby L. Christine, of Georgia, to be United States Attorney for the Southern Dis-trict of Georgia for the term of four years; and David J. Freed, of Pennsyl-vania, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Pennsylvania for the term of four years. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Christine and Freed nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SPENCER MAGNET Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to celebrate an institution in Spencer County marking 150 years of community journalism in Kentucky, the Spencer Magnet. Since the weekly newspaper began operations in 1867, it has covered celebrations, tragedies, wars, elections, and so much more. Today the Spencer Magnet is the oldest continuously operated business in Spencer County and reaches more than 4,000 homes each week. Over the years, the paper has oper-ated under different names with dif-ferent owners. In 1925, the paper came under the ownership of Katie Beauchamp, and she changed its name from the Spencer Courier to its current title. She justified the new name be-cause it matched her mission for the paper, to serve as a means to draw the people of Spencer County together. For 150 years, the paper has done just that. The publication covered national and international news, but the Spen-cer Magnet’s focus on community jour-nalism has endeared it to many of my constituents in the area. As the Spencer County community looks back on its history, it recognizes great successes and painful challenges, but the journalism from this newspaper has been a constant presence in com-munity through it all. To properly mark its sesquicentennial anniversary, the Spencer Magnet is rededicating itself to its mission to draw the com-munity together. The population of Spencer County continues to grow and change. Now, many residents work in Louisville and then come home to the rural Spencer County to escape the city. Whatever the future may bring, the Spencer Mag-net stands ready to deliver the news to its readers. Kentucky is home to many commu-nity newspapers, which have their fin-ger on the pulse of their readers. Orga-nizations like the Spencer Magnet are incredibly important for chronicling our past and for shaping the news of to-morrow. I am proud to help the Spen-cer Magnet celebrate this anniversary. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Spencer Magnet on many years of reporting. Mr. President, earlier this year, the Spencer Magnet published an article reflecting on its years of community reporting. I ask unanimous consent that excerpts of the article be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Spencer Magnet, March 29, 2017] M
ARKING 150 Y EARS OF THE SPENCER MAGNET  (By John Shindlebower) This community has been through a lot over the past 150 years. We picked ourselves up after a devastating Civil War that was es-pecially brutal on a border state like Ken-tucky. We survived economic hardships in-cluding a great depression and a great reces-sion and we saw our young men die in far off 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.059 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7256 November 15, 2017 
lands in two world wars and other conflicts across the globe. Through it all, the Spencer Magnet kept the community informed. This community has survived droughts, blizzards, floods and tornadoes. We’ve even felt the earth shake a time or two. We’ve endured divisive and bitter elec-tions, political scandals both small and large and we’ve had families devastated by violent crime and tragic accidents. The Spencer Magnet was here to report that news. There have been grand times as well. New businesses have started and flourished and the progress that changed so much of Amer-ican life did not bypass Spencer County. We’ve seen the stage coach give way to the railroad and the railroad give way to the automobile. Modern day luxuries often taken for granted, such as running water, electric lights, radio and television were greeted with fanfare when they made their initial appear-ance in our community. The Spencer Magnet was here to chronicle those changes and the ones that have followed. Students worked their way through school and annually marched to receive their diploma. Local citizens have accomplished monu-mental achievements and various churches and organizations have worked tirelessly to serve the community, their neighbors and their fellow man. The Spencer Magnet has been here to help the good. Today, Spencer County continues to grow. Many families from Louisville, seeking a slower pace of life and a rural atmosphere, have chosen to make this their home. Many of these new families simply lay their heads here at night as they continue to work, shop and socialize in Louisville. But increasingly, more and more of the newer residents are be-coming active in this community that they now proudly call home. The Spencer Magnet understands the role we play in this pivotal era of Spencer Coun-ty’s history. Perhaps more than ever before, this newspaper is practicing community journalism by covering more meetings where decisions that impact you and this commu-nity are made. More and more Spencer Countians are expressing an interest in being involved citizens, and it is our role as a newspaper to help those same people be in-formed citizens. Over this latest chapter of our history, the Magnet has been honored on numerous occa-sions by the Kentucky Press Association for our efforts to publish an informative, quality newspaper that serves our residents. But more important than awards, is the feedback we get from our readers. There’s nothing we like hearing better than the words ‘‘We read it in the Magnet.’’ The Spencer Magnet is now 150 years old. We’re the oldest continuously operated busi-ness in Spencer County. We’re proud of that distinction, but we also do not take it for granted. That longevity had to be earned by gaining the trust and respect of readers like you. We don’t take that lightly and we will continue to strive to earn that trust each and every week as we begin our next 150 years. The next century and a half will surely be filled with a mixture of tragedy and triumph. There will be achievements and there will be failures. We will write stories about great ac-complishments, and we’ll most certainly have to report on heartbreak as well. But that’s the nature of the newspaper. It’s what William T. Burton set out to accomplish in 1867, and it’s what we hope those who follow us will continue to do decades from now. f 
ILLINOIS STUDENT LOAN BILL OF RIGHTS Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last week my home State of Illinois took a major step forward in protecting stu-dent loan borrowers. On November 7, the Illinois House of Representatives voted 98 to 16 to over-ride Governor Rauner’s veto of the Illi-nois Student Loan Bill of Rights, which was designed to protect student loan borrowers from the well docu-mented abuses of Federal student loan servicers. The Illinois Senate pre-viously voted 37 to 19 to override. With the house’s action, the bill became law. I would like to thank all of those in the general assembly who voted for this bill, including Senator Daniel Biss and Representative Will Guzzardi, who sponsored the legislation. I would also like to thank the legislation’s author, Attorney General Lisa Madigan, for her leadership and tireless efforts to in-vestigate and hold Federal student loan servicers accountable. Federal student loan servicers are contracted by the U.S. Department of Education to handle the billing and other services related to the repayment of a Federal student loan. Too often, these contractors make it more dif-ficult for students to repay their loans by giving them incorrect or incomplete information and guidance, refusing to provide benefits to which students are entitled under Federal law, or incor-rectly processing payments. I have heard complaints about servicers from countless of the 1.5 million Illinoisans holding a cumulative total of $51 bil-lion in Federal student loan debt. Attorney General Madigan has heard those complaints too. In response, she initiated an investigation which re-sulted in an ongoing lawsuit against the Nation’s largest student loan servicer, Navient. Navient has become the poster child for poor customer serv-ice and abusive practices that make it more difficult for struggling borrowers to repay their Federal student loans. The Illinois Student Loan Bill of Rights will help to protect Illinois bor-rowers from these practices. Among other things, the law requires servicers to inform borrowers about their eligi-bility for income-driven repayment plans and other affordable repayment options. It also prohibits servicers from misleading borrowers, requires them to correctly process payments, and re-quires servicers to inform borrowers about their eligibility for loan forgive-ness due to a disability or harmful ac-tions by the school. I have worked at the Federal level to provide similar protections for all stu-dent loan borrowers. I authored the Federal Student Loan Borrower Bill of Rights, which I will reintroduce in the coming months. This bill was the basis for reforms to student loan servicing contracts initiated by President Obama. Unfortunately, much of that work has been rolled back by Secretary Betsy DeVos. Thanks to Attorney General Madigan and the bipartisan actions of the Illi-nois General Assembly, borrowers in our State will now have new rights and protections that neither Governor Rauner nor Secretary DeVos can take away. f 
TRIBUTE TO EARL ‘‘RUSTY’’ POWELL Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, for 25 years, Earl ‘‘Rusty’’ Powell has served as the director of the National Gallery of Art, making him the longest serving director in its history. Rusty will re-tire in early 2019, concluding a tenure that has marked growth and develop-ment at one of our Nation’s great gal-leries. Rusty’s life of public service began with 3 years of service in the Navy, during which he served as a navigator in Vietnam. Upon his return, Rusty embarked on what would become a dec-ades-long career as a curator, histo-rian, and aficionado, earning a doc-torate from Harvard before beginning his first assignment at the National Gallery of Art. His experience there led to a 12-year tenure as the director of the Los Ange-les County Museum of Art, after which he returned to the National Gallery for what would become the longest tenure of a director in its 75-year history. He has worked tirelessly at the National Gallery of Art to increase the accessi-bility of the arts by expanding the Na-tional Gallery’s projects, exhibitions, and endowment. Rusty’s approach to expanding and enriching the National Gallery has been as collaborative as it has been vi-sionary. Rather than govern with a sin-gular vision, he included his staff and board in moving the museum forward. From the construction of the stunning sculpture garden, to the renovation of the gallery’s west wing, no detail has been overlooked throughout his tenure. He has also overseen several other projects that received less attention but are of no lesser value to the cur-rent success of the gallery. All these improvements have enhanced the expe-rience of the more than 5 million visi-tors that pass through the gallery every year. Rusty’s great passion for the mission of the National Gallery and his unwav-ering efforts to bring storied art collec-tions to its millions of visitors each year are unparalleled. With his retire-ment next year, he will leave a legacy at the gallery that will never be forgot-ten. Marcelle and I have treasured the evenings we have spent with Rusty and his wife, Nancy, at exhibits and events we will always remember. I ask unanimous consent that the No-vember 7, 2017, Washington Post article detailing Rusty’s time and accomplish-ments at the National Gallery of Art be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.021 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7257 November 15, 2017 
[From the Washington Post, Nov. 7, 2017] T
HEQUIET, PRODUCTIVE TENURE OF RUSTY  P
OWELL TOCOME TO AN END (By Geoff Edgers) National Gallery of Art Director Earl ‘‘Rusty’’ Powell, whose tenure has been marked by the collection’s growth, the ren-ovation of nearly every space and a startling lack of controversy, will retire in early 2019 after more than 25 years in charge. Powell, 74, planned to tell the National Gallery’s staff Tuesday during informal meetings. Next year, the trustees will begin the process of finding a successor for the longest-serving director in its 76-year his-tory. ‘‘I think I have run a pretty good race here, and it seems sort of a logical time,’’ Powell said in explaining the decision. ‘‘I turn 75 next year. And this will be after that. I still have some gas in the tank. I’m not particularly interested in sitting on the porch looking at sunsets.’’ What he’ll do, he said, is not clear. But what he has accomplished at the National Gallery is easy to chart. Over Powell’s ten-ure, the institution, with a $200 million oper-ating budget and 5 million visitors a year, has been reshaped, from the addition of a sculpture garden in 1999 to the dramatic ren-ovation of the East Building, completed last year to add stunning galleries devoted to Mark Rothko and to Barnett Newman’s ‘‘Stations of the Cross.’’ Powell has also overseen projects less buzzworthy but just as essential. Six years and $19.3 million were spent ren-ovating more than three acres of leaky sky-lights in the West Building, part of a de-ferred maintenance disaster once considered so dire it inspired a local TV news series ti-tled ‘‘Gallery of Shame.’’ Powell’s tenure has also been notable for something it lacked: controversy. ‘‘He’s had that balance between being able to make decisions and yet not offend every-body,’’ said John Wilmerding, the former Na-tional Gallery deputy director who later served as chairman of its board of trustees. Powell would never use words such as ‘‘consummate leadership,’’ as his supporters do, to describe himself. He can be witty, have strong opinions, but these often come as asides, spoken softly and without naming names. He is not one to call out other mu-seum directors, even though he does note that he doesn’t agree with everyone in the field. About what? With whom? He won’t say. This is in contrast with J. Carter Brown, the blue-eyed impresario he replaced in 1992. Brown loved blockbusters, mingling with royals—he brought Prince Charles and Prin-cess Diana to the National Gallery in 1985— and tended to spend less time on issues such as infrastructure. Wilmerding remembered that when Powell started, he noticed a stiff-ness when Powell had to speak in front of groups. ‘‘He relied too much on his notes,’’ Wilmerding said. ‘‘I remember saying to him, ‘You’ve got the personality—do more. Wing it. Tell jokes. Be yourself.’ That awk-wardness rapidly began to change.’’ Born in South Carolina, Powell was just 4 when his father died of injuries sustained during World War II. The family moved to Rhode Island, and his mother eventually re-married. Powell went to Williams College, where he played linebacker and, after strug-gling to conquer chemistry class, found him-self studying art history. As a boy, he had fond memories of hanging around his grandfather’s lithography busi-ness. In college, he found inspiration in S. Lane Faison Jr., a legendary professor who would help train many members of the ‘‘Wil-liams mafia,’’ a group of graduates that in-cluded future museum directors Glenn D. Lowry of the Museum of Modern Art; James Wood of the Art Institute of Chicago; and Powell’s onetime roommate, John Lane, who led the Dallas Museum of Art and San Fran-cisco Museum of Modern Art. Other Williams graduates to become directors include Mi-chael Govan of the Los Angeles County Mu-seum of Art and Joseph Thompson of the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art. Powell credits his next stop—three years in the Navy, from 1966 to 1969—with helping him develop the skills to become a leader. Lane also went from Williams to the Navy. The time served helped them step into direc-torships while only in their mid–30s. ‘‘We had already had the happy burden of being responsible for a huge piece of machin-ery and a lot of fellow shipmates,’’ Lane said. ‘‘And in what were particularly dan-gerous circumstances. You were well equipped to take on responsibility.’’ The service also, unexpectedly, led Powell to Harvard. One afternoon, Powell stopped by the art history department at Harvard to ask for a course catalogue. Professor Sey-mour Slive, a World War II veteran, noticed he was wearing his Navy whites, struck up a conversation, and then urged him to attend graduate school in Cambridge. This started a long list of opportunities that opened up for Powell, who noted that ‘‘I’ve never had to apply for a job.’’ In 1976, not long after Powell earned his PhD, Brown hired him for his first stint at the National Gallery as a curator and special assistant. And in 1980, Powell took his first trip to California to interview for the Los Angeles County Museum of Art’s top job. At 36, he began a 12–year tenure marked by tremen-dous growth, with the museum’s budget jumping from $8.5 million to $31 million and attendance more than doubling to close to a million visitors a year. Comedian Steve Martin, who served on the Los Angeles County Museum of Art’s board of trustees, marveled at Powell’s ability to embrace a wide range of art, his cordial na-ture and his ability to understand how to manage the many perspectives on the board. What’s more, Martin found it notable that Powell’s tenure was conflict-free. ‘‘I never heard anybody say an unkind word about him,’’ said Martin, an art col-lector. Powell, when asked about his leadership style, gives credit to others—curators, other administrators, staff—for making him feel comfortable delegating authority. He uses email but says many of his meetings are in-formal, taking place as he walks from his car to his office in the morning. ‘‘I’ve always believed in a collegial, organi-zational structure,’’ he said. ‘‘I think com-munication is a really important thing. I learned to look at the big things. Not get bogged down with the little things. We make collective decisions about most of the things we do here. Our exhibitions program. It’s not ‘Rusty says we’ll do this, we’ll do that.’ We talk about it. We meet and discuss things rather than do things from the top of it.’’ Powell can be so understated, it’s hard to know when he’s asking for anything. Even millions. That’s what longtime board presi-dent Victoria Sant found when the National Gallery was raising money for the renova-tion of the East Building. ‘‘You sort of don’t know when Rusty’s put the touch on you,’’ she said. ‘‘He’s not an ag-gressive fundraiser. He tries to bring things to people that they want, that was in their interest area. And I think one of the things that Rusty has stressed is that when you give a gift to the National Gallery, you’re really giving a gift to the nation.’’ Sant and her husband, Roger, ultimately gave $10 million to the East Building project, which added more than 12,000 square feet of gallery space and an outdoor sculpture ter-race overlooking Pennsylvania Avenue. That was just one of the most recent ac-complishments during Powell’s tenure. The list of art acquisitions, exhibitions and building projects that have taken place since 1992 runs for pages, from the construction of Dutch cabinet galleries in 1995 to the endow-ment campaign launched last year after a $30 million matching grant from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation. Powell’s announcement means there will no longer be a director who spent time with Paul Mellon, the late philanthropist who stood next to President Franklin D. Roo-sevelt when the family’s money and art col-lection sparked the National Gallery’s open-ing in 1941. It was in Powell’s first week as director that Mellon invited him for lunch. Later, the philanthropist shared his passion for a pro-posed sculpture garden. Powell remembers showing Mellon the plans. ‘‘How big are the trees?’’ Mellon asked. ‘‘We’re going to have them as big as we can get them,’’ Powell said. ‘‘Good, because I don’t have that much time left and I’d really like to see this,’’ Mel-lon said. ‘‘Mr. Mellon, we’re not going to give you a starter kit for the sculpture garden,’’ Powell said. The garden, in fact, opened in May 1999, four months after Mellon’s death at the age of 91. Powell said he never considered leaving the National Gallery, even when head-hunting firms called to see whether he might be interested in other jobs. (Powell’s total compensation was comparable to those at other major institutions. He earned $1.17 million in the most recent public filing available, compared with the $1.44 million earned by then-Met Director Thomas Camp-bell.) He appreciated not having to spend so much time trying to raise money, as is the case when you’re running the Metropolitan Museum of Art or Boston’s Museum of Fine Arts. Nearly three-quarters of the National Gallery’s $200 million annual operating budg-et comes from the federal government. He also feels a deep connection to the Dis-trict. ‘‘If you do what I do, it’s the best job in the field,’’ he said. ‘‘The standards are very high. The collections are exemplary. The programs are great. You’re not out with a tin cup rais-ing money to keep the building open. The federal funding obligations are to keep it maintained. It’s got a center for advanced study. I came out of the academic side, and this is the most academic place that can exist. It’s a unique place in the context of American museums.’’ f 
TRIBUTE TO RON POWERS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I would like to take a moment to recognize the moving work of Ron Powers of Castleton, VT—a Pulitzer Prize-win-ning author who has written about ev-erything from Mark Twain to the sol-diers of Iwo Jima to broadcast news and sports. Ron’s latest book, ‘‘No One Cares About Crazy People,’’ concentrates on a topic that he promised himself he would never write about: the social his-tory of mental illness in America. This story is poignantly told through his own deeply personal story of his two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.023 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7258 November 15, 2017 
sons’ struggles with schizophrenia, which tragically claimed the life of one of them. The book’s informative yet intimate approach raises awareness about a sub-ject that most are too uncomfortable to broach. When reading it, you can hardly hold back tears. I cannot imagine the pain Ron and Honoree went through while working on this book. It is a truly personal journey and a triumph. I am proud of him for publishing this important work. He understands that mental ill-ness is not an issue that will simply go away if pushed into the darkness of ne-glect and denial. One cannot lock it up in an institution and expect to be rid of the problem. Mental illness in America needs to be discussed openly, by those who suffer from it, the friends and fam-ilies of those affected, medical experts, and those of us Senators. We must all follow the footsteps of Ron and con-tinue to shine a light on this extremely sensitive issue. I ask unanimous consent that the Oc-tober 8, 2017, Vermont Digger article honoring Ron Powers and his family and recognizing his great work be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Vermont Digger, Oct. 8, 2017] A V
ERMONTER QUESTIONS THE NATION ’S M
ENTAL HEALTH  (By Kevin O’Connor) Pulitzer Prize-winning author Ron Powers’ past works have eagerly explored everything from the 1800s literary lion Mark Twain to the flag-raising World War II soldiers at Iwo Jima and the present-day pioneers of broad-cast news and sports. The Vermonter’s current focus is different. ‘‘This is the book I promised myself I would never write,’’ Powers begins its pref-ace. ‘‘I have kept that promise for a decade— since our younger son, Kevin, hanged himself in our basement, a week before his 21st birthday in July 2005, after struggling for three years with schizophrenia.’’ The author, born 75 years ago in Twain’s hometown of Hannibal, Missouri, can boast of a prolific career that has seen him in a columnist’s chair at the Chicago Sun-Times and a commentator’s seat on the CBS News program ‘‘Sunday Morning,’’ as well as on the best-seller list for more than a dozen books that include collaborating on the late U.S. Sen. Edward Kennedy’s memoir ‘‘True Compass.’’ But after the death of one of his two boys, the Castleton resident could barely think about, let alone tackle, another project. He and his wife, Honoree Fleming, were finally starting to heal (‘‘adaptation, really,’’ he says) when they saw their surviving son, ex-periencing a psychotic break one Christmas, tell neighbors he was the messiah before po-lice took him to a hospital. And so Powers began to research mental illness—not just the schizophrenia his family has faced but also all the other issues the World Health Organization estimates will af-fect one-fourth of the world’s people at some point in their lives. ‘‘I realized that my 10 years of silence on the subject,’’ he says, ‘‘silence that I had jus-tified as insulation against an exercise in self-indulgence, was itself an exercise in self- indulgence.’’ And so Powers is talking up his new book, ‘‘No One Cares About Crazy People: The Chaos and Heartbreak of Mental Health in America.’’ The 384–page Hachette hardcover shares his family’s story alongside a historic and often horrific survey of mental illness in larger society. ‘‘Studies by the National Institute of Men-tal Health show that among Americans age 18 or older, more than 62 million (26 percent of the population) require (but are not al-ways given) counseling and medical treat-ment,’’ he writes. Powers could cite too many reasons for not wanting to tackle the topic: What about his family’s privacy? The appearance of exploi-tation? The fact he isn’t an expert? ‘‘Book writing is hard work,’’ he continues. ‘‘And, really, end of the day, who the hell wants to read about schizophrenia anyway?’’ Plenty of people, the author would dis-cover. Nearly a decade after their son’s death, Powers and his wife accepted an invi-tation to testify at a 2014 Vermont legisla-tive hearing on whether acutely mentally ill patients should be medicated against their will. ‘‘At first glance, speedy ‘involuntary treat-ment’ might seem the least objectionable of measures, given that people in psychosis are virtually never capable of making rational decisions,’’ he writes in his book. ‘‘And yet opponents of the process bring passionate counterarguments to the debate. Among the most formidable is that ‘involuntary treat-ment’ is by definition a violation of one’s civil liberties.’’ Powers testified in support of shorter waits on decisions about involuntary intervention, which the Legislature went on to adopt as law. But the author was moved by opponents of the measure. ‘‘They were there: the faces and souls of the mentally ill, emerging from their pre-vailing invisibility to declare themselves,’’ he writes. ‘‘The sheer presence of them, their actualization in the room, had affected me in the gut, not because I hadn’t expected them, but because of the profound, elemental hu-manity of them.’’ Three weeks later, Powers read news of a Wisconsin political aide who, responding to headlines of state mental health mismanage-ment, emailed a colleague: ‘‘No one cares about crazy people.’’ That’s when the author started writing— for himself, his household, other families, friends, neighbors and psychiatric profes-sionals. ‘‘My aim with this book is not to replace or argue with the existing vast inventory of important books on mental illness,’’ he writes. ‘‘Rather, I hope to reamplify a simple and self-evident and morally insupportable truth: Too many of the mentally ill in our country live under conditions of atrocity.’’ Powers has taken his message to National Public Radio’s ‘‘Fresh Air’’ program and is seeing it shared in publications nationwide. ‘‘He writes with fierce hope and fierce pur-pose to persuade the world to pay atten-tion,’’ fellow Pulitzer Prize-winning jour-nalist Ron Suskind wrote in a review for The New York Times. ‘‘I’m not sure I’ve ever read anything that handles the decline of one’s children with such openness and sear-ing, stumbling honesty.’’ Readers can learn for themselves when Powers speaks at the Brattleboro Literary Festival on Saturday at 11 a.m. at the down-town Centre Congregational Church. If simi-lar appearances are any indication, he’ll share a few of the book’s humorous family stories, too. ‘‘Why do I include these?’’ he told an audi-ence in Manchester. ‘‘Because they make me smile and bring the two boys to life. I want-ed to avoid a kind of cliche´—the afflicted loved ones described only in the context of their victimhood. It’s hard to feel compas-sion for an abstract. My sons were wonderful spirited boys before this affliction struck.’’ That said, Powers isn’t seeking to enter-tain. ‘‘I hope you do not ‘enjoy’ this book,’’ he writes. ‘‘I hope you are wounded by it; wounded as I have been in writing it. Wound-ed to act, to intervene.’’ ‘‘America must turn its immense resources and energy and conciliatory goodwill to a final assault on mental illness,’’ he con-cludes. ‘‘My sons, and your afflicted children and brothers and sisters and parents and friends, deserve nothing less.’’ f NATIONAL ARCHIVES EXHIBIT ‘‘REMEMBERING VIETNAM’’ Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, long be-fore his confirmation as the 10th Archi-vist of the United States, David Ferriero proudly served our Nation in a different capacity, as a Navy corpsman in Vietnam. Today, with the help of Mr. Ferreiro’s unique personal perspec-tive and professionally informed guid-ance, the Lawrence F. O’Brien Gallery at the National Archives Museum in Washington, DC, is currently exhib-iting a new collection of remarkable documents that illustrate some of the Vietnam war’s biggest controversies. Mr. Ferriero and his team are to be thanked for painstakingly determining which of the countless relevant texts housed in the National Archives best told this often misunderstood story. We can be sure, however, that few if any archivists are better suited with experience and vision for this task than Mr. Ferriero. With this exhibit, Mr. Ferriero and his team honor the memory of those who served in Vietnam, while also ful-filling a sacred obligation to accu-rately preserve even our most conten-tious history so that we may strive to avoid repeating past mistakes. Today I would like to pay tribute to the Archi-vist of the United States, David Ferriero, and his team and ask unani-mous consent that a Washington Post article titled, ‘‘A Veteran’s View of Vietnam,’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, Nov. 8, 2017] A V
ETERAN ’SVIEW OF VIETNAM  (By Michael E. Ruane) At night, after Navy corpsman David Ferriero finished his clerical duties aboard the hospital ship off Vietnam, he would vol-unteer to help triage the wounded being helicoptered from the battlefield. Some had been shot. Others were missing limbs. Some needed treatment right away. Others were dead when they arrived. It was 1970, and Ferriero was a 25-yearold college dropout from Beverly, Mass., who suffered from seasickness and was a dedi-cated, if at times inexpert, corpsman. Today he is the archivist of the United States and the impetus behind the sweeping new exhibit, ‘‘Remembering Vietnam,’’ that opens Friday in the Archives’ flagship build-ing in the District. The free exhibit, which runs through Jan. 6, includes some of the most striking docu-ments relating to the war: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.050 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7259 November 15, 2017 
A 1944 memo from President Franklin D. Roosevelt stating that Vietnam, formerly ruled by France, should not be returned to the French after World War II. ‘‘France has milked it for one hundred years,’’ Roosevelt wrote. ‘‘The people of Indo-China deserve something better than that.’’ A 1946 telegram from Vietnamese com-munist leader Ho Chi Minh to President Harry Truman begging for U.S. support on Vietnamese independence and opposition to the reintroduction of French control. (The CIA withheld it from Truman, Ferriero said.) The last page of President Lyndon B. John-son’s stunning 1968 speech announcing that, as a result of the war, he would not run for reelection. ‘‘Accordingly,’’ the president con-cluded, ‘‘I shall not seek—and will not ac-cept—the nomination . . . for another term as your President.’’ He had crossed out ‘‘would’’ and replaced it with ‘‘will.’’ The exhibit also includes three Vietnam- era helicopters courtesy of the North Caro-lina Vietnam Helicopter Pilots Association. The aircraft were installed Monday night on the lawn outside the Archives on Constitu-tion Avenue. Ferriero, 71, said he wanted the institution to mount a Vietnam exhibit in part because so many of the war’s issues remain sensitive and unresolved. In a long career that took him to big jobs at major universities and libraries, ‘‘no one— no one—wanted to talk about it,’’ he said. ‘‘No one asked me any questions,’’ he said. ‘‘No one acknowledged it. . . . Never was it the topic of conversation.’’ Ferriero, in a recent interview in his office, said he also knew that the Archives had ‘‘in-credible material in the records—photo-graphs and all of the military records, the unit records. We have a lot of stuff.’’ ‘‘And for me it was important to tell the story from both sides,’’ he said. One fascinating document in the exhibit is a Viet Cong propaganda poster that echoes, from the enemy’s point of view, the noto-rious U.S. obsession with numbers and body counts. The poster claims, among other things, that the Viet Cong in 1962 and part of 1963 killed 28,108 South Vietnamese and 222 Amer-icans—double the actual figures. ‘‘So that in-flated body count was happening on both sides,’’ said curator Alice Kamps, who assem-bled ‘‘Remembering Vietnam.’’ The exhibit includes CIA models of what appear to be an interrogation room and cell in the North Vietnamese prison known as the Hanoi Hilton, which held many Amer-ican POWs. There are transcripts of once secret Amer-ican helicopter communications as Saigon, the chaotic capital of South Vietnam, was evacuated by the Americans in 1975. ‘‘Bring ur personnel up thru th building,’’ reads one communication. ‘‘Do not let them (the South Viets) follow too closely. Use mace if necessary but do not fire on them.’’ Although the exhibit covers the war from Ho Chi Minh’s appearance at the Paris Peace Conference in 1919 to architect Maya Lin’s 1981 design for the Vietnam Veterans Memo-rial, Ferriero’s war had a single goal. ‘‘We were all under the impression that the threat of communism was the biggest chal-lenge,’’ he said. ‘‘We were all playing a part in protecting us against communism.’’ Near the end of Ferriero’s enlistment, he was shipped to Vietnam as a corpsman in a psychiatric ward. ‘‘There were a lot of what we called at that point ’character disorders’—kids who were having trouble with authority,’’ he said. ‘‘Then there were other folks who had more serious psychotic kinds of things . . . await-ing transfer back to the States.’’ Eventually, he was transferred to the 700- bed hospital ship USS Sanctuary, only to find the ‘‘psych’’ ward had been closed be-cause too many patients had been jumping overboard. But Ferriero could type, and he became an administrative clerk. After hours, though, he would help sort and treat the wounded who were transported from the battlefield to a kind of emergency room on the ship. The helicopters came and went. Sometimes one would crash into the ocean. ‘‘In my time, no lives were lost,’’ he said. The ship would spend the day in the harbor at Da Nang, then cruise off the coast at night. Ferriero, who still has his dog tag on his key chain, said the injured included Americans and Vietnamese, soldiers, Ma-rines and civilians. One case stood out. He was trying to start an intravenous line in an injured patient and couldn’t find a good vein. Each time he failed, he discarded the needle and got a fresh one. ‘‘Kept throwing down these needles,’’ he recalled. ‘‘And at one point he just screamed.’’ ‘‘I thought, ’Oh, Jesus, I’m losing him,’’ he said. ‘‘This is it.’’ ‘‘It turned out that I had thrown one of those needles down on the gurney and he had rolled over on it,’’ he said. Ferriero was embarrassed. His patient ‘‘wasn’t in that great distress,’’ he said, ‘‘but I never followed up to see what had happened to him.’’ One day earlier this week, as Ferriero checked the exhibit, he joked that there was one thing missing: a Zippo cigarette lighter like those carried by many an American serving in Vietnam. Later, in his office, he produced the one he kept for many years. It was in pristine con-dition. ‘‘USS Sanctuary’’ was etched in the side, and on the inside of its box was the fa-mous Zippo slogan: ‘‘It works or we fix it free.’’ f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 274, on the nomination of Mark T. Esper, of Virginia, to be Secretary of the Army. I believe Mr. Esper is well qualified to be the Secretary of the Army. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. I would also note that I was unavail-able for this rollcall vote because I was serving as ranking member at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing for judi-cial nominees—and specifically a panel of four district court nominees from Kentucky and Kansas that had been en-thusiastically endorsed by Majority Leader M
CCONNELL and Senators R OB-
ERTS and M ORAN earlier that morning. Senator C
RUZ—who was serving as the acting chair of the committee for this hearing at this time—and I had hoped that the vote would be held open long enough for us to participate. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 274, on the nomination of Mark T. Esper, of Virginia, to be Secretary of the Army. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 275, on the nomination of David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health. Had I been present, I would have voted nay. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 276, on the motion to invoke cloture on Joseph Otting, of Ne-vada, to be Comptroller of the Cur-rency. Had I been present, I would have voted nay.∑ f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I was nec-essarily absent for the vote on con-firmation of Executive Calendar No. 463, Mark T. Esper, of Virginia, to be Secretary of the Army, due to having to chair a Judiciary Committee hear-ing on judicial nominations for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-cuit, the Eastern and Western Districts of Kentucky, and the District of Kan-sas. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the votes on con-firmation of Executive Calendar No. 463, the confirmation of Executive Cal-endar No. 383, and the motion to in-voke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 300. On vote No. 274, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the confirma-tion of Executive Calendar No. 463. On vote No. 275, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the confirma-tion of Executive Calendar No. 383. On vote No. 276, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 300.∑ 
f 
WELLNESS HEARING WITH SUR-GEON GENERAL JEROME ADAMS Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of my remarks at the Senate Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
WELLNESS HEARING WITH SURGEON GENERAL  
JEROME ADAMS  Mr. ALEXANDER. Today we are holding a hearing with the Surgeon General, Dr. Je-rome Adams, to hear his priorities on how to encourage people to lead healthier lives. Senator Murray and I will each have an opening statement. Then we will introduce Dr. Adams. After his testimony Senators will each have five minutes of questions. When Dr. Adams and I met before his con-firmation hearing, I said to him that if, as Surgeon General, he threw himself at one important problem with everything he has, he could have a real impact on the lives of millions of Americans. At his confirmation hearing, he said, ‘‘I would also make wellness and community 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.027 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7260 November 15, 2017 
and employer engagement a centerpiece of my agenda if confirmed. . . Our health starts in the communities where we live, learn, work, play, and go to school.’’ Dr. Adams has said his first Surgeon Gen-eral’s Report will focus on health and the economy. It makes sense for that to be his focus, be-cause there is a remarkable consensus that wellness—lifestyle changes like eating healthier and quitting smoking—can prevent serious illness and reduce health care costs. This is important because the United States spends about $2.6 trillion treating chronic diseases. This accounts for more than 84 percent of our health care costs. $2.6 trillion treating chronic diseases, 84 percent of our health care costs. Today, Dr. Adams will talk to us about what local communities, businesses and other organizations can do to encourage peo-ple to live healthier lives, which will help re-duce health care spending on chronic dis-eases. The Cleveland Clinic has said if you achieve at least four ‘‘normal’’ measures of good health, such as a healthy body mass index and blood pressure, and you see a pri-mary care physician regularly and keep im-munizations up to date, you will avoid chronic disease about 80 percent of the time. At a hearing we held last month on wellness I said that it is hard to think of a better way to make a bigger impact on the health of millions of Americans than to con-nect the consensus about wellness to the health insurance that 178 million people get on the job. One of our witnesses last month, Steve Burd, talked about an employee wellness program he implemented while CEO of Safeway that has reduced the biological age of employees by four years. He said: ‘‘Given that 70 percent of health care spending is driven by behaviors, em-ployers can have a powerful impact on both employee health and healthcare costs. . .healthcare costs continued to de-cline by 9 percent per year [at Safeway] with no material changes to plan design. Safeway’s health actuaries reported this con-tinued cost reduction was due predominately to improved health status.’’ Many employers have developed similar wellness programs to incentivize people to make healthier choices. These programs may reward behaviors such as exercising, eating better or quitting smoking, or offer employees a percentage off their insurance premiums for doing things like maintaining a healthy weight or keep-ing their cholesterol levels in check. Last month we heard that that while both employees and employers benefit from lower health care costs, both also can benefit in other ways when people live healthier lives. Michael Roizen the Chief Wellness Officer at the Cleveland Clinic, told us, ‘‘The culture of wellness at the Cleveland Clinic has gen-erated remarkable results that have led to shared benefits—healthier, happier employ-ees, as well as lower costs for their self-fund-ed insurance program, and lower costs for our employees and for the communities and patients we serve.’’ In other words, a healthier workplace translates to the greater community being healthier. In recent years, a growing number of orga-nizations and communities have developed innovative programs to incentivize individ-uals to engage in healthy behaviors. For example, BlueCross BlueShield of Ten-nessee partnered with local, state, and pri-vate organizations to fund community level initiatives across the state, such as ‘‘Fitness Zones’’ in Chattanooga, programs in rural counties to promote healthy habits, and an interactive elementary school program to keep kids moving. An overall healthy community is more economically productive—there are fewer workplace accidents, less absenteeism, and a higher rate of engagement. At his confirmation hearing, Dr. Adams also said not all national problems should have a response from Washington, D.C. I agree—we don’t get any smarter flying to Washington once a week. Dr. Adam’s motto as Surgeon General is ‘‘better health through better partnerships,’’ and I hope this committee can be one part-ner going forward. I look forward to hearing how community level partnerships and engagement can lead to healthier individuals, higher quality health care, and lower health care costs. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DAVE DILLY ∑Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor a great Ohioan, Dave Dilly. Dave is here in Washington this week to fight for the pensions he and thou-sands of Ohioans earned over a lifetime of hard work. You may have even seen him and his union brothers and sisters donning the camouflage t-shirts that have become the trademark of their cause. Dave is a member of the United Mine Workers of America. He has served as the president of his own UMWA Local 1188 in Coshocton County and for several years has represented his fellow miners from all over our State and Nation to lobby for perma-nent healthcare and retirement secu-rity for our miners. That is how I came to know Dave well, through his many trips here to stand up for these workers. This May, the Senate passed a bill to finally give our miners permanent healthcare. No doubt, Dave and his fellow miners were responsible for that victory. If we have the same success this year in securing their pensions, we will owe it once again to Dave and hundreds of workers from around the country. Dave’s service on behalf of our min-ers would be enough to earn him all of our respect and gratitude, but that is not why I rise to honor him today. His UMWA shirt is not the first time he has worn camo attire. Like many of our miners, Dave is also a veteran. This past weekend, Dave was inducted into the Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame. If you know Dave, it comes as no sur-prise to learn that service runs deep in his family. It is just who they are. Dave had four older brothers who served in the Korean war and inspired him to serve. Dave signed up for the Air Force, where he was a weapons mechanic and systems specialist from 1965 to 1968. He served in Thailand and South Vietnam. For part of Dave’s service, he was in Da Nang, known as Rocket City, for the number of times it was attacked during the war. Dave received many military honors and carried on his service by working on behalf of his fellow veterans in so many ways. He served as a veterans service officer for Coshocton County. He is active in local veterans organiza-tions, including the Veterans of For-eign Wars and the Disabled American Veterans. Every Memorial Day since 2000, Dave has helped lay flags on the graves of veterans. Right now, he is the vice president of the Coshocton County Vet-erans Service Commission. Dave has helped organize and chaperone Honor Flight trips to Washington, DC, so other veterans can see the memorials built in their honor. There seems to be no limit to what Dave will do for his fellow veterans, fellow workers, and fellow Ohioans. Dave, thank you for your service to our country, to your fellow veterans, and to our State. So many of us are proud of you and honored to call you a friend. Congratulations, Dave, on your induction to the Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LINDA SAUNDERS PAQUETTE ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, this month, I am proud to recognize Linda Saunders Paquette, of Contoocook, as our Granite Stater of the Month in rec-ognition of her years of leadership and steadfast commitment to combating the fentanyl, heroin, and opioid crisis in New Hampshire, which remains our most pressing public health challenge and threatens the health and safety of our fellow Granite Staters. Through her decades of service to the people of New Hampshire, including at the New Hampshire Department of Health and Human Services and start-ing in 2010 as executive director of New Futures—a nonpartisan, nonprofit or-ganization advocating, educating, and collaborating in the fight against sub-stance misuse—Linda has made an enormous difference in the lives of countless people and families affected by this crisis. During my time as Governor and now as Senator, Linda has been a tremen-dous partner and relentless advocate. Thanks in part to Linda’s advocacy, we were able to increase funding for crit-ical prevention, treatment, and recov-ery services in New Hampshire, extend substance use disorder coverage to the Medicaid Program, and pass and reau-thorize Medicaid expansion—providing quality, affordable health coverage to more than 50,000 Granite Staters. As the State legislature debated whether to reauthorize Medicaid expansion, Linda fought for the program at every step along the way, calling it ‘‘the most important tool New Hampshire has in its fight against the opioid epi-demic and more broadly the substance misuse crisis we are facing in our state.’’ Linda has also strongly spoken out in defense of the Essential Health Bene-fits that require insurers to cover sub-stance misuse and mental health treat-ment, she has stood up against cuts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.032 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7261 November 15, 2017 
Medicaid and other programs that Granite Staters struggling with sub-stance use disorder rely on, and she has worked effectively to help reduce the stigma that has hurt our efforts to combat this crisis for far too long. People like Linda perfectly exemplify New Hampshire’s all-hands-on-deck spirit, where we roll up our sleeves and work together to strengthen our com-munities. Linda’s dedication to sup-porting those struggling with sub-stance use disorder, first responders, and treatment providers has strength-ened our State’s response to the sub-stance misuse crisis, and her advocacy will continue to help us stem and ulti-mately reverse the tide of this epi-demic. I join all Granite Staters in thanking Linda for her service and con-gratulating her on a well-deserved re-tirement.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:57 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2874. An act to achieve reforms to im-prove the financial stability of the National Flood Insurance Program, to enhance the de-velopment of more accurate estimates of flood risk through new technology and bet-ter maps, to increase the role of private mar-kets in the management of flood insurance risks, and to provide for alternative methods to insure against flood peril, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) announced that on today, No-vember 15, 2017, he has signed the fol-lowing enrolled bill, which was pre-viously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
H.R. 1679. An act to ensure that the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency’s cur-rent efforts to modernize its grant manage-ment system includes applicant accessibility and transparency, and for other purposes. 
At 5:17 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 4374. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize additional emergency uses for medical prod-ucts to reduce deaths and severity of injuries caused by agents of war, and for other pur-poses. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2874. An act to achieve reforms to im-prove the financial stability of the National Flood Insurance Program, to enhance the de-velopment of more accurate estimates of flood risk through new technology and bet-ter maps, to increase the role of private mar-kets in the management of flood insurance risks, and to provide for alternative methods to insure against flood peril, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3445. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Troy M. Shoemaker, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice ad-miral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3446. A communication from the Senior Counsel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Payday, Vehicle Title, and Certain High- Cost Installment Loans’’ ((RIN3170–AA40) (Docket No. CFPB–2016–0025)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on No-vember 13, 2017; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3447. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel for Operations, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, five (5) re-ports relative to vacancies in the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–3448. A communication from the Con-servation Policy Advisor, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2017–2018 Refuge-Specific Hunting and Sport Fishing Regulations’’ (RIN1018– BB75) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3449. A communication from the Wild-life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Hunting; Approval of Corro-sion-Inhibited Copper Shot as Nontoxic for Waterfowl Hunting’’ (RIN1018–BB06) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3450. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Listing Policy and Support, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing Textual Descriptions of Critical Habitat Boundaries for Plants on the Hawaiian Is-lands’’ (RIN1018–BA80) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3451. A communication from the En-dangered Species Listing Branch Chief, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for Dalea carthagenensis var. floridana (Florida Prairie-clover), and Threatened Species Status for Sideroxylon reclinatum ssp. austrofloridense (Everglades Bully), Digitaria pauciflora (Florida Pine-land Crabgrass), and Chamaesyce deltoidea ssp. pinetorum (Pineland Sandmat)’’ (RIN1018–BB48) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3452. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for the Veterans’ Employment and Training Service, Depart-ment of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘HIRE Vets Medallion Program’’ (RIN1293–AA21) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3453. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Food Additives Permitted in Feed and Drinking Water of Animals; Ammo-nium Formate and Formic Acid’’ ((21 CFR Part 573) (Docket No. FDA–2014–F–0988)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3454. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Listing of Color Additives Exempt From Certification; Calcium Car-bonate’’ ((21 CFR Part 73) (Docket No. FDA– 2016–C–2767)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3455. A communication from the Fed-eral Liaison Officer, Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Setting and Adjusting Patent Fees during Fiscal Year 2017’’ (RIN0651–AD02) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2017; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–3456. A communication from the Chief, Office of Regulation Policy and Manage-ment, Department of Veterans Affairs, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Ecclesiastical Endorsing Organiza-tions’’ (RIN2900–AP83) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 13, 2017; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–138. A resolution adopted by the Sen-ate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania memorializing the importance of grid reli-ability and fuel-secure baseload energy; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 227 Whereas, Electric generation power plants in this Commonwealth that participate in the wholesale electric markets strengthen competition and enhance the resilience and reliability of the bulk power and trans-mission systems and are vital to the public interest; and Whereas, The nation’s and the Common-wealth’s economy, environment and security depend on a reliable, resilient electric grid powered by an ‘‘all of the above’’ mix of en-ergy generation resources, including tradi-tional baseload generation that is produced from long-term fuel sources located onsite; and Whereas, The North American Electric Re-liability Corporation, whose mission is to as-sure the reliability and security of North America’s bulk power system, in a May 2017 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.048 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7262 November 15, 2017 
letter to United States Secretary of Energy Rick Perry warned that ‘‘premature retire-ments of fuel-secure baseload generating sta-tions reduces resilience to fuel supply dis-ruptions’’; and Whereas, The recent United States Depart-ment of Energy Staff Report to the Sec-retary on Electricity Markets and Reli-ability made clear that resiliency must be addressed by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and there is an ‘‘urgent need for clear definitions of reliability- and resilience-enhancing attributes and should quickly establish the market means to value or the regulatory means to provide them’’; and Whereas, The 2014 polar vortex exposed problems with the resiliency of the electric grid when PJM Interconnection struggled to meet demand for electricity because a sig-nificant amount of generation was not avail-able to run due to weather-related outages; and Whereas, Pennsylvania’s fuel-secure base-load generation plants employ thousands of workers in high-paying jobs and contribute significantly to State and local economics; and Whereas, Pennsylvania’s coal industry, in-cluding coal power plants, is a vital contrib-utor to the State’s economy, providing sup-port through direct, indirect and induced im-pacts, including approximately 36,100 full and part-time jobs, and $4.1 billion in total value added to the Commonwealth’s econ-omy; and Whereas, Pennsylvania’s nuclear industry, including nuclear power plants, is a vital contributor to the State’s economy, pro-viding support through direct, indirect and induced impacts, including approximately 15,900 in-State full time jobs and $2 billion to the Commonwealth’s gross domestic product, and $69 million in net State tax revenues an-nually; and Whereas, In addition to the reliability, se-curity, grid resilience and economic at-tributes, Pennsylvania’s fuel-secure baseload coal plants have made significant invest-ments to meet increased environmental standards, helping to improve air and water quality in the Commonwealth; and Whereas, Pennsylvania is also home to unique fuel-secure coal generation sources that use waste coal as a fuel-source, employ-ing 3,800 Pennsylvania residents and pro-ducing 1,500 megawatts of renewable energy, also helping to remove approximately 200 million tons of refuse coal from mine scarred land in Pennsylvania; and Whereas, In addition to the reliability, se-curity, grid resilience and economic at-tributes, Pennsylvania’s fuel-secure baseload nuclear power plants also provide more than 93% of this Commonwealth’s emissions-free electricity and are the only emissions-free, predictable and reliable electric generation source; and Whereas, Pennsylvania’s diverse portfolio of fuel-secure baseload generation resources are vital to our Commonwealth’s economic competitiveness, natural environment and public health and safety; and Whereas, It is in the public interest that fuel-secure baseload generation resources be properly compensated for providing these positive attributes and under the current de-sign of the wholesale electric markets, prices are set in a manner that undervalues fuel-se-cure generation resources; and Whereas, The Secretary of Energy has pro-posed, for consideration by FERC, a Grid Re-silience Pricing Rule with the goal of ensur-ing our nation’s energy security; therefore be it Resolved, That the Senate of the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania acknowledge the grid resilience and reliability benefits that fuel- secure baseload electricity generation re-sources provide to the residents, business and economy of this Commonwealth and as-sert that fuel-secure baseload generation re-sources receive proper compensation for these positive attributes; and be it further Resolved, That the Senate of the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania agree with the goals of the United States Department of Energy’s proposed Grid Resiliency Pricing Rule and urge the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission to swiftly implement policies and approve tariff provisions to ensure fuel-se-cure baseload electricity generation re-sources receive proper compensation for all of the positive attributes they provide our nation’s and this Commonwealth’s electric system; and be it further Resolved, That the Senate of the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania, while expressing support for FERC’s swift action to ensure the positive attributes provided by fuel-se-cure baseload generation resources receive proper compensation in the wholesale mar-ket, will continue to exercise the General Assembly’s authority to make energy policy consistent with the health, safety and wel-fare of our residents; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States, United States Secretary of Energy Rick Perry, FERC Commissioners, the pre-siding officers of each house of Congress, each member of Congress from Pennsylvania and the Board of Managers of PJM Inter-connection. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. TILLIS (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 2126. A bill to amend the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to provide a temporary exemption for low-revenue issuers from certain auditor attestation requirements; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. C
OCHRAN ): S. 2127. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mariners of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mr. H ELLER , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B
OOZMAN , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. 2128. A bill to improve the coordination and use of geospatial data; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. K
AINE, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , and Mr. W ARNER ): S. 2129. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to establish a punitive article in the Uniform Code of Military Justice on domestic violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. TESTER: S. 2130. A bill to establish within the De-partment of the Interior the Outdoor Recre-ation Advisory Committee; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 2131. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish medically nec-essary transportation for newborn children of certain women veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. BENNET , Mr. L EAHY , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. U DALL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. K ING, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. K AINE, Mr. S ANDERS , and Mr. M
ARKEY ): S. 2132. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that working families have access to affordable health in-surance coverage; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 2133. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to authorize the Secretary of Ag-riculture to enter into alternative funding arrangements with certain community irri-gation associations and community land grants; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. B ROWN ): S. 2134. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish processes to en-sure that non-Department of Veterans Af-fairs health care providers are using safe practices in prescribing opioids to veterans under the laws administered by the Sec-retary, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. M
UR-
PHY, Mr. S COTT, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. H
ATCH , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. H
ELLER , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ): S. 2135. A bill to enforce current law re-garding the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. Res. 332. A resolution commemorating the christening of the USNS Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams; considered and agreed to. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. Res. 333. A resolution permitting the collection of clothing, toys, food, and housewares during the holiday season for charitable purposes in Senate buildings; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. Res. 334. A resolution authorizing the taking of a photograph in the Senate Cham-ber; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 16 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 16, a bill to require a full audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.009 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7263 November 15, 2017 
the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 322 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 322, a bill to protect victims of domes-tic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 374 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 374, a bill to enable concrete masonry products manufacturers to establish, finance, and carry out a coordinated program of research, education, and promotion to improve, maintain, and develop markets for concrete masonry products. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 537 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 537, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with respect to arbitration. 
S. 693 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 693, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to in-crease the number of permanent fac-ulty in palliative care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assistant education pro-grams, to promote education and re-search in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of fac-ulty careers in academic palliative medicine. 
S. 925 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 925, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the ability of health care professionals to treat veterans through the use of tele-medicine, and for other purposes. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1169, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with an option to provide medical as-sistance to individuals between the ages of 22 and 64 for inpatient services to treat substance use disorders at cer-tain facilities, and for other purposes. S. 1361 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1361, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pul-monary rehabilitation programs. 
S. 1539 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1539, a bill to protect victims of stalking from gun violence. 
S. 1693 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1693, a bill to amend the Com-munications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not pro-hibit the enforcement against pro-viders and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking. 
S. 1718 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1718, a bill to authorize the minting of a coin in honor of the 75th anniversary of the end of World War II, and for other purposes. 
S. 1738 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1738, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a home infusion therapy services temporary transitional pay-ment under the Medicare program. 
S. 1901 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1901, a bill to require global eco-nomic and political pressure to support diplomatic denuclearization of the Ko-rean Peninsula, including through the imposition of sanctions with respect to the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and any enablers of the activities of that Gov-ernment, and to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, and for other purposes. 
S. 2088 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2088, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for the issuance of the Gold Star Installa-tion Access Card to the surviving spouse, dependent children, and other next of kin of a member of the Armed Forces who dies while serving on cer-tain active or reserve duty, to ensure that a remarried surviving spouse with dependent children of the deceased member remains eligible for installa-tion benefits to which the surviving spouse was previously eligible, and for other purposes. S. RES. 49 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 49, a resolution de-claring that achieving the primary goal of the National Plan to Address Alzheimer’s Disease of the Department of Health and Human Services to pre-vent and effectively treat Alzheimer’s disease by 2025 is an urgent national priority. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 168, a resolution supporting respect for human rights and encour-aging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. S COTT, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. H ATCH , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. H ELLER , and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ): S. 2135. A bill to enforce current law regarding the National Instant Crimi-nal Background Check System; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2135 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fix NICS Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. ACCOUNTABILITY FOR FEDERAL DEPART-MENTS AND AGENCIES. 
Section 103 of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (34 U.S.C. 40901) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) S
EMIANNUAL CERTIFICATION AND RE -
PORTING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The head of each Federal department or agency shall submit a semi-annual written certification to the Attorney General indicating whether the department or agency is in compliance with the record submission requirements under subpara-graph (C). ‘‘(ii) S
UBMISSION DATES .—The head of a Federal department or agency shall submit a certification to the Attorney General under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) not later than July 31 of each year, which shall address all relevant records, in-cluding those that have not been trans-mitted to the Attorney General, in posses-sion of the department or agency during the period beginning on January 1 of the year and ending on June 30 of the year; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.011 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7264 November 15, 2017 
‘‘(II) not later than January 31 of each year, which shall address all relevant records, including those that have not been transmitted to the Attorney General, in pos-session of the department or agency during the period beginning on July 1 of the pre-vious year and ending on December 31 of the previous year. ‘‘(iii) C
ONTENTS .—A certification required under clause (i) shall state, for the applica-ble period— ‘‘(I) the total number of records of the Fed-eral department or agency demonstrating that a person falls within one of the cat-egories described in subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(II) for each category of records described in subclause (I), the total number of records of the Federal department or agency that have been provided to the Attorney General; and ‘‘(III) the efforts of the Federal department or agency to ensure complete and accurate reporting of relevant records, including ef-forts to monitor compliance and correct any reporting failures or inaccuracies. ‘‘(G) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subpara-graph, the head of each Federal department or agency, in coordination with the Attorney General, shall establish a plan to ensure maximum coordination and automated re-porting or making available of records to the Attorney General as required under subpara-graph (C), and the verification of the accu-racy of those records, including the pre-vali-dation of those records, where appropriate, during a 4-year period specified in the plan. The records shall be limited to those of an individual described in subsection (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(ii) B
ENCHMARK REQUIREMENTS .—Each plan established under clause (i) shall in-clude annual benchmarks to enable the At-torney General to assess implementation of the plan, including— ‘‘(I) qualitative goals and quantitative measures; ‘‘(II) measures to monitor internal compli-ance, including any reporting failures and in-accuracies; ‘‘(III) a needs assessment, including esti-mated compliance costs; and ‘‘(IV) an estimated date by which the Fed-eral department or agency will fully comply with record submission requirements under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(iii) C
OMPLIANCE DETERMINATION .—Not later than the end of each fiscal year begin-ning after the date of the establishment of a plan under clause (i), the Attorney General shall determine whether the applicable Fed-eral department or agency has achieved sub-stantial compliance with the benchmarks in-cluded in the plan. ‘‘(H) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—The Attorney Gen-eral shall publish, including on the website of the Department of Justice, and submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a semiannual report that discloses— ‘‘(i) the name of each Federal department or agency that has failed to submit a re-quired certification under subparagraph (F); ‘‘(ii) the name of each Federal department or agency that has submitted a required cer-tification under subparagraph (F), but failed to certify compliance with the record sub-mission requirements under subparagraph (C); ‘‘(iii) the name of each Federal department or agency that has failed to submit an imple-mentation plan under subparagraph (G); ‘‘(iv) the name of each Federal department or agency that is not in substantial compli-ance with an implementation plan under subparagraph (G); ‘‘(v) a detailed summary of the data, bro-ken down by department or agency, con-tained in the certifications submitted under subparagraph (F); ‘‘(vi) a detailed summary of the contents and status, broken down by department or agency, of the implementation plans estab-lished under subparagraph (G); and ‘‘(vii) the reasons for which the Attorney General has determined that a Federal de-partment or agency is not in substantial compliance with an implementation plan es-tablished under subparagraph (G). ‘‘(I) NONCOMPLIANCE PENALTIES .—For each of fiscal years 2019 through 2022, each polit-ical appointee of a Federal department or agency that has failed to certify compliance with the record submission requirements under subparagraph (C), and is not in sub-stantial compliance with an implementation plan established under subparagraph (G), shall not be eligible for the receipt of bonus pay, excluding overtime pay, until the de-partment or agency— ‘‘(i) certifies compliance with the record submission requirements under subpara-graph (C); or ‘‘(ii) achieves substantial compliance with an implementation plan established under subparagraph (G). ‘‘(J) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Attorney General may use funds made available for the national instant criminal background check system established under subsection (b) to provide technical assistance to a Fed-eral department or agency, at the request of the department or agency, in order to help the department or agency comply with the record submission requirements under sub-paragraph (C). ‘‘(K) A
PPLICATION TO FEDERAL COURTS .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the terms ‘department or agency of the United States’ and ‘Federal department or agency’ include a Federal court; and ‘‘(ii) the Director of the Administrative Of-fice of the United States Courts shall per-form, for a Federal court, the functions as-signed to the head of a department or agen-cy.’’; and (2) in subsection (g), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of the preceding sentence, not later than 60 days after the date on which the Attorney General receives such information, the Attorney General shall determine whether or not the prospec-tive transferee is the subject of an erroneous record and remove any records that are de-termined to be erroneous. In addition to any funds made available under subsection (k), the Attorney General may use such sums as are necessary and otherwise available for the salaries and expenses of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to comply with this sub-section.’’. 
SEC. 3. REAUTHORIZATION OF NICS ACT RECORD IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS TO OBTAIN WAIVER .—Sec- tion 102 of the NICS Improvement Amend-ments Act of 2007(34 U.S.C. 40912) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a), in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘the Crime Identification Technology Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 14601)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102 of the Crime Identi-fication Technology Act of 1998 (34 U.S.C. 40301)’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘is in compliance with an implementation plan established under sub-section (b) or’’ before ‘‘provides at least 90 percent of the information described in sub-section (c)’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘or has established an implementation plan under section 107’’ after ‘‘the Attorney Gen-eral’’. (b) IMPLEMENTATION ASSISTANCE TO  S
TATES .—Section 103 of the NICS Improve-ment Amendments Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 40913) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, in-cluding through increased efforts to pre-vali-date the contents of those records to expe-dite eligibility determinations’’; (2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘and’’; and (ii) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and $125,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following— ‘‘(2) D
OMESTIC ABUSE AND VIOLENCE PREVEN -
TION INITIATIVE .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Attorney Gen-eral shall create a priority area under the NICS Act Record Improvement Program (commonly known as ‘NARIP’) for a Domes-tic Abuse and Violence Prevention Initiative that emphasizes the need for grantees to identify and upload all felony conviction records and domestic violence records. ‘‘(B) F
UNDING .—The Attorney General— ‘‘(i) may use not more than 50 percent of the amounts made available under this sub-section for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out the initiative described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) shall give a funding preference under NARIP to States that— ‘‘(I) have established an implementation plan under section 107; and ‘‘(II) will use amounts made available under this subparagraph to improve efforts to identify and upload all felony conviction records and domestic violence records de-scribed in clauses (i), (v), and (vi) of section 102(b)(1)(C) by not later than September 30, 2022.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Attorney General shall direct the Office of Justice Programs, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to— ‘‘(1) assist States that are not currently el-igible for grants under this section to achieve compliance with all eligibility re-quirements; and ‘‘(2) provide technical assistance and train-ing services to grantees under this section.’’. 
SEC. 4. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE NATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) S TATE GRANT PROGRAM FOR CRIMINAL  J
USTICE IDENTIFICATION , INFORMATION , AND C
OMMUNICATION .—Section 102 of the Crime Identification Technology Act of 1998 (34 U.S.C. 40301) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) identification of all individuals who have been convicted of a crime punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding 1 year’’; (2) in subsection (b)(6)— (A) by striking ‘‘(18 U.S.C. 922 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘(34 U.S.C. 40901(b))’’; and (B) by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, including through increased efforts to pre-validate the contents of felony conviction records and domestic vi-olence records to expedite eligibility deter-minations, and measures and resources nec-essary to establish and achieve compliance with an implementation plan under section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.013 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7265 November 15, 2017 
107 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007’’; (3) in subsection (d), by inserting after ‘‘unless’’ the following: ‘‘the State has achieved compliance with an implementa-tion plan under section 107 of the NICS Im-provement Amendments Act of 2007 or’’; and (4) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘2002 through 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. (b) G
RANTS FOR THE IMPROVEMENT OF CRIMI-
NALRECORDS .—Section 106(b)(1) of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (34 U.S.C. 40302(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘as of the date of enact-ment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘, as of the date of enactment of the Fix NICS Act of 2017,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘files,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘files and that will utilize funding under this subsection to prioritize the identi-fication and transmittal of felony conviction records and domestic violence records,’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘upon establishment of the national system,’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following— ‘‘(D) to establish and achieve compliance with an implementation plan under section 107 of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007.’’. 
SEC. 5. IMPROVING INFORMATION SHARING WITH THE STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the NICS Im-provement Amendments Act of 2007 (34 U.S. 40911 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 107. IMPLEMENTATION PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Fix NICS Act of 2017, the Attorney General, in coordi-nation with the States and Indian tribal gov-ernments, shall establish, for each State or Indian tribal government, a plan to ensure maximum coordination and automation of the reporting or making available of appro-priate records to the National Instant Crimi-nal Background Check System established under section 103 of the Brady Handgun Vio-lence Prevention Act (34 U.S.C. 40901) and the verification of the accuracy of those records during a 4-year period specified in the plan. The records shall be limited to those of an individual described in sub-section (g) or (n) of section 922 of title 18, United States Code ‘‘(b) B
ENCHMARK REQUIREMENTS .—Each plan established under this section shall in-clude annual benchmarks to enable the At-torney General to assess the implementation of the plan, including— ‘‘(1) qualitative goals and quantitative measures; and ‘‘(2) a needs assessment, including esti-mated compliance costs. ‘‘(c) C
OMPLIANCE DETERMINATION .—Not later than the end of each fiscal year begin-ning after the date of the establishment of an implementation plan under this section, the Attorney General shall determine wheth-er each State or Indian tribal government has achieved substantial compliance with the benchmarks included in the plan. ‘‘(d) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—The Attorney Gen-eral— ‘‘(1) shall disclose and publish, including on the website of the Department of Justice— ‘‘(A) the name of each State or Indian trib-al government that received a determination of failure to achieve substantial compliance with an implementation plan under sub-section (c) for the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) a description of the reasons for which the Attorney General has determined that the State or Indian tribal government is not in substantial compliance with the imple-mentation plan, including, to the greatest extent possible, a description of the types and amounts of records that have not been submitted; and ‘‘(2) if a State or Indian tribal government described in paragraph (1) subsequently re-ceives a determination of substantial com-pliance, shall— ‘‘(A) immediately correct the applicable record; and ‘‘(B) not later than 3 days after the deter-mination, remove the record from the website of the Department of Justice and any other location where the record was pub-lished. ‘‘(e) INCENTIVES .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Attorney General shall give affirmative preference to all Bureau of Justice Assistance discretionary grant appli-cations of a State or Indian tribal govern-ment that received a determination of sub-stantial compliance under subsection (c) for the fiscal year in which the grant was solic-ited.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the NICS Improve-ment Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–180; 121 Stat. 2559) is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 106 the following: ‘‘Sec. 107. Implementation plan.’’. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 332—COM-MEMORATING THE CHRISTENING OF THE USNS HERSHEL ‘‘WOODY’’ WILLIAMS Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 332 Whereas Chief Warrant Officer 4 Hershel Woodrow ‘‘Woody’’ Williams of Fairmont, West Virginia, served in the Marine Corps for 17 years; Whereas Hershel Woodrow ‘‘Woody’’ Wil-liams served valiantly as a demolition ser-geant with the 21st Marines, 3d Marine Divi-sion, against enemy Japanese forces at the Battle of Iwo Jima; Whereas on October 5, 1945, Hershel Wood-row ‘‘Woody’’ Williams received the Medal of Honor from President Harry S. Truman for ‘‘valiant devotion to duty’’ at Iwo Jima on February 23, 1945; Whereas Hershel Woodrow ‘‘Woody’’ Wil-liams is the sole surviving Marine veteran of World War II to wear the Medal of Honor; Whereas on January 14, 2016, during a cere-mony in Charleston, West Virginia, Sec-retary of the Navy Ray Mabus announced that the Expeditionary Sea Base Ship T–ESB 4—the second of its kind—would be named United States Naval Ship (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘USNS’’) Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Wil-liams; Whereas on August 19, 2017, the United States Navy launched the USNS Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams; and Whereas on October 21, 2017, the USNS Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams was christened in San Diego, California: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate commemorates the christening of the United States Naval Ship Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams and its mis-sion to support mine countermeasures, counter-piracy operations, maritime secu-rity, and humanitarian and crisis response operations. f SENATE RESOLUTION 333—PERMIT-TING THE COLLECTION OF CLOTHING, TOYS , FOOD, AND HOUSEWARES DURING THE HOLI-DAY SEASON FOR CHARITABLE PURPOSES IN SENATE BUILD-INGS Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 333 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. COLLECTION OF CLOTHING, TOYS, FOOD, AND HOUSEWARES DURING THE HOLIDAY SEASON FOR CHARI-TABLE PURPOSES IN SENATE BUILD-INGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of the rules or regulations of the Senate— (1) a Senator, officer of the Senate, or em-ployee of the Senate may collect from an-other Senator, officer of the Senate, or em-ployee of the Senate within Senate buildings nonmonetary donations of clothing, toys, food, and housewares for charitable purposes related to serving persons in need or mem-bers of the Armed Forces and the families of those members during the holiday season, if the charitable purposes do not otherwise vio-late any rule or regulation of the Senate or of Federal law; and (2) a Senator, officer of the Senate, or em-ployee of the Senate may work with a non-profit organization with respect to the deliv-ery of donations described under paragraph (1). (b) E
XPIRATION .—The authority provided by this resolution shall expire at the end of the first session of the 115th Congress. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 334—AU-THORIZING THE TAKING OF A PHOTOGRAPH IN THE SENATE CHAMBER Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 334 Resolved, That paragraph 1 of rule IV of the Rules for the Regulation of the Senate Wing of the United States Capitol and Senate Of-fice Buildings (prohibiting the taking of pic-tures in the Senate Chamber) be temporarily suspended for the sole and specific purpose of permitting the Senate Photographic Studio to photograph the Senate in actual session on Tuesday, December 5, 2017, at the hour of 2:15 p.m. S
EC. 2. The Sergeant at Arms of the Senate is authorized and directed to make the nec-essary arrangements therefore, which ar-rangements shall provide for a minimum of disruption to Senate proceedings. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I have 6 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.013 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7266 November 15, 2017 
Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 15, 2017, at 9 a.m., in SR–366 to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 15, 2017, at 10 a.m., in SD–406 to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Promoting American Leader-ship in Reducing Air Emissions Through Innovation.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 15, 2017, at 9 a.m., in SH–216 to conduct hearing on the bill entitled ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 15, 2017, at 10 a.m., in SD–430 to conduct hearing entitled ‘‘Encouraging Healthy Communities: Perspective from the Surgeon General.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 15, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., in SD–430 to conduct hearing on the following nominations: Mitchell Zais, of South Carolina, to be Deputy Secretary, and James Blew, of California, to be Assistant Secretary for Planning, Evaluation, and Policy Development, both of the Department of Education, and Kate S. O’Scannlain, of Maryland, to be Solicitor, and Pres-ton Rutledge, of the District of Colum-bia, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of Labor. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 15, 2017, at 10 a.m., in SD–226 to conduct hearing on the following nominations: James C. Ho, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Cir-cuit, Don R. Willett, of Texas, to be a Circuit Judge, United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, Claria Horn Boom, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Eastern and West-ern Districts of Kentucky, John W. Broomes, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas, Re-becca Grady Jennings, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Kentucky, and Robert Earl Wier, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Ken-tucky. f 
CRIMINAL ANTITRUST ANTI- RETALIATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 258, S. 807. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 807) to provide anti-retaliation protections for antitrust whistleblowers. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 807) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 807 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Criminal Antitrust Anti-Retaliation Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENT TO ACPERA. 
The Antitrust Criminal Penalty Enhance-ment and Reform Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–237; 15 U.S.C. 1 note) is amended by in-serting after section 215 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 216. ANTI-RETALIATION PROTECTION FOR WHISTLEBLOWERS. 
‘‘(a) W HISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS FOR EM-
PLOYEES , C ONTRACTORS , S UBCONTRACTORS , 
ANDAGENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No employer may dis-charge, demote, suspend, threaten, harass, or in any other manner discriminate against a covered individual in the terms and condi-tions of employment of the covered indi-vidual because of any lawful act done by the covered individual— ‘‘(A) to provide or cause to be provided to the Federal Government or a person with su-pervisory authority over the covered indi-vidual (or such other person working for the employer who has the authority to inves-tigate, discover, or terminate misconduct) information relating to— ‘‘(i) any violation of, or any act or omis-sion the covered individual reasonably be-lieves to be a violation of, the antitrust laws; or ‘‘(ii) any violation of, or any act or omis-sion the covered individual reasonably be-lieves to be a violation of, another criminal law committed in conjunction with a poten-tial violation of the antitrust laws or in con-junction with an investigation by the De-partment of Justice of a potential violation of the antitrust laws; or ‘‘(B) to cause to be filed, testify in, partici-pate in, or otherwise assist a Federal Gov-ernment investigation or a Federal Govern-ment proceeding filed or about to be filed (with any knowledge of the employer) relat-ing to— ‘‘(i) any violation of, or any act or omis-sion the covered individual reasonably be-lieves to be a violation of, the antitrust laws; or ‘‘(ii) any violation of, or any act or omis-sion the covered individual reasonably be-lieves to be a violation of, another criminal law committed in conjunction with a poten-tial violation of the antitrust laws or in con-junction with an investigation by the De-partment of Justice of a potential violation of the antitrust laws. ‘‘(2) LIMITATION ON PROTECTIONS .—Para- graph (1) shall not apply to any covered indi-vidual if— ‘‘(A) the covered individual planned and initiated a violation or attempted violation of the antitrust laws; ‘‘(B) the covered individual planned and initiated a violation or attempted violation of another criminal law in conjunction with a violation or attempted violation of the antitrust laws; or ‘‘(C) the covered individual planned and initiated an obstruction or attempted ob-struction of an investigation by the Depart-ment of Justice of a violation of the anti-trust laws. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(A) A
NTITRUST LAWS .—The term ‘anti-trust laws’ means section 1 or 3 of the Sher-man Act (15 U.S.C. 1 and 3). ‘‘(B) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘cov-ered individual’ means an employee, con-tractor, subcontractor, or agent of an em-ployer. ‘‘(C) E
MPLOYER .—The term ‘employer’ means a person, or any officer, employee, contractor, subcontractor, or agent of such person. ‘‘(D) F
EDERAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘Federal Government’ means— ‘‘(i) a Federal regulatory or law enforce-ment agency; or ‘‘(ii) any Member of Congress or committee of Congress. ‘‘(E) P
ERSON .—The term ‘person’ has the same meaning as in subsection (a) of the first section of the Clayton Act (15 U.S.C. 12(a)). ‘‘(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The term ‘violation’, with respect to the antitrust laws, shall not be construed to include a civil violation of any law that is not also a crimi-nal violation. ‘‘(b) E
NFORCEMENT ACTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A covered individual who alleges discharge or other discrimination by any employer in violation of subsection (a) may seek relief under subsection (c) by— ‘‘(A) filing a complaint with the Secretary of Labor; or ‘‘(B) if the Secretary of Labor has not issued a final decision within 180 days of the filing of the complaint and there is no show-ing that such delay is due to the bad faith of the claimant, bringing an action at law or equity for de novo review in the appropriate district court of the United States, which shall have jurisdiction over such an action without regard to the amount in con-troversy. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A complaint filed with the Secretary of Labor under paragraph (1)(A) shall be governed under the rules and procedures set forth in section 42121(b) of title 49, United States Code. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notification made under section 42121(b)(1) of title 49, United States Code, shall be made to any individual named in the complaint and to the employer. ‘‘(C) B
URDENS OF PROOF .—An action brought under paragraph (1)(B) shall be gov-erned by the legal burdens of proof set forth in section 42121(b) of title 49, United States Code. ‘‘(D) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .—A com- plaint under paragraph (1)(A) shall be filed with the Secretary of Labor not later than 180 days after the date on which the viola-tion occurs. ‘‘(E) C
IVIL ACTIONS TO ENFORCE .—If a person fails to comply with an order or preliminary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.017 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7267 November 15, 2017 
order issued by the Secretary of Labor pur-suant to the procedures set forth in section 42121(b) of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary of Labor or the person on whose behalf the order was issued may bring a civil action to enforce the order in the district court of the United States for the judicial district in which the violation occurred. ‘‘(c) R
EMEDIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A covered individual pre-vailing in any action under subsection (b)(1) shall be entitled to all relief necessary to make the covered individual whole. ‘‘(2) C
OMPENSATORY DAMAGES .—Relief for any action under paragraph (1) shall in-clude— ‘‘(A) reinstatement with the same senior-ity status that the covered individual would have had, but for the discrimination; ‘‘(B) the amount of back pay, with inter-est; and ‘‘(C) compensation for any special damages sustained as a result of the discrimination including litigation costs, expert witness fees, and reasonable attorney’s fees. ‘‘(d) R
IGHTS RETAINED BY WHISTLE -
BLOWERS .—Nothing in this section shall be deemed to diminish the rights, privileges, or remedies of any covered individual under any Federal or State law, or under any col-lective bargaining agreement.’’. f 
VALOR ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 3949, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3949) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the designation of State approving agencies for multi-State ap-prenticeship programs for purposes of the educational assistance programs of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 3949) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
VA PRESCRIPTION DATA ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 1545 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1545) to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to disclose cer-tain patient information to State controlled substance monitoring programs, and for other purposes. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 1545) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 332, S. Res. 333, and S. Res. 334. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preamble, where applicable, be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 332) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) The resolutions (S. Res. 333 and S. Res. 334) were agreed to. (The resolutions are printed in to-day’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Reso-lutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, November 16; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; finally, that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Otting nomina-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator M
ERKLEY . The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. PERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. The Senator from Oregon. 
f 
CLIMATE DISRUPTION Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, cli-mate disruption is the seminal chal-lenge of our generation. It affects ev-erything from our farms to our forests, to our fisheries. We are seeing huge im-pacts around the world: disappearing ice in the Arctic, melting permafrost, dying coral, raging fires, more powerful storms. Everywhere you look it is hav-ing an impact, and it is certainly an impact we need to pay a great deal of attention to because it is hurting human civilization, and the impacts are just beginning. They are going to become worse over time. In response, communities across the globe are transforming their energy economies. They are certainly making their energy economies more efficient, from increasing insulation in buildings to improving vehicle mileage, to great-er efficiency in appliances and in re-placing fossil fuel energy with clean re-newable energy. How much do you know about the changes underway, about the dramatic modifications of our energy economy and the impacts of climate disruption? Let’s find out. Welcome to episode 8 of the Senate Climate Disruption Quiz. Here we go. First question. Researchers predict there will be an ice-free Arctic by the summer of what year? Will it be the year 2020, 3 years from now; the year 2030, the year 2075, or will it be 2100, the end of the century? Lock in your answers. Here is the correct answer. That is B, the year 2030. Researchers say that as early as 2030, the Arctic Ocean could lose all of its ice during the year’s warmest months. We see here a map of what has been happening in the past. The red out-lines, in addition to the white, rep-resents where the ice was in 1980. In 1998, less area is covered; in 2012, even less area is covered; and in the last two summers, the Northwest Passage has been free of ice, and that has enabled a ship called the Crystal Serenity to move up and essentially take tourists through the Northwest Passage, where you can see it was ice-covered in 1980. So that is a big change. If we have an effort to address the improvements made in Paris, then, yes, there would still be ice here in that year of 2030, in an area about the size of India, but you can see it is really shrinking quickly. OK. On to our second question. Over the next decade, the number of U.S. wind energy technicians is expected to decline by 10 percent; grow by over 100 percent, which is to double; remain about stable; or disappear entirely? Lock in your answers. The correct answer is B, grow by over 100 percent. In other words, it will dou-ble. These are good jobs. Last year, less 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO6.031 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7268 November 15, 2017 
than 100,000 people were employed in some manner by the wind industry, and the median pay was about $51,000 a year—a good middle-class job. We are seeing the jobs grow as the demand for wind energy grows throughout the country. The American Wind Energy Association says that in just the first 3 months of 2017, 2,000 megawatts of wind power were added, which is almost a fourfold increase over what happened in the first 3 months of 2016. So big changes are happening quickly. Question No. 3. President Trump’s administration released a study in No-vember, the National Climate Assess-ment. Did President’s Trump’s study attribute the major cause of climate disruption to volcanic activity, or did his study say that the major cause was natural cycle, human activity, or solar activity? Lock in your answers. The answer is, on this study from President Trump’s team, not volcanic activities, not solar activity, and not a natural cycle. It was, in fact, human activity. This is a study from the Trump ad-ministration. They produced a chart that looked at the temperature in-crease and measured how much can be attributed to human-caused activity. You can see the chart here, how much was attributed to solar—very little im-pact—and how much can be attributed to volcanic activity, and that was actu-ally negative. So the Trump adminis-tration has produced a huge statement that human activity is causing the in-crease of the temperature of our plan-et. Question No. 4. Why did India shut down New Delhi’s schools—that is 4,000 schools—why did they shut down New Delhi’s schools for several days in No-vember? Was it, A, lead in the water; B, religious tensions; C, record air pollu-tion; or, D, population explosion? Lock in your answers. The correct answer is, in fact, record air pollution. This can be measured, but you can also see it. I will put up a picture of that pollution in New Delhi. Now we can barely see these people from a short distance away riding a motorcycle. The father is clamping his hand over his son’s face to help reduce the impact of the air pollution on the children. This air pollution was considered to be equivalent to smoking 50 cigarettes a day. The doctors are saying kids coming in who should have pink lungs have dark lungs—gray, black lungs. So it is having a huge health impact. The U.S. Embassy in New Delhi measures the air quality by a category that is known as particulate matter, PM2.5. It refers to miniscule particu-late matter of diameters of 2.5 microm-eters or less. These are the very tiny particles that can lodge deep in the lungs and cause all kinds of problems in the lungs as they are absorbed into the bloodstream. The EPA standard—the Environ-mental Protection Agency standard— considers anything between 151 and 200 as unhealthy. What they registered on this day was 1,000. It topped the 1,000 mark. You can understand then how dangerous that is. This is from burning fossil fuels causing this pollution and specifically burning coal. That brings us to our final question, Question No. 5. What percent of Amer-ican voters support staying in the Paris Agreement? This, of course, is the international agreement in which every country in the world is now in-volved. Recently, there were two coun-tries that had not signed up, and that was Nicaragua and Syria, but they now have both signed up. President Trump has said he plans to leave. Technically, we are still signed up because he can’t leave under the agreement until No-vember 2020. Still, because he said we are planning to leave, it has produced a lot of reaction by American citizens and those for and against. What percent of American voters support staying in? Is it zero; 15 per-cent, a little more than one out of eight; or 45 percent, just shy of half; or 70 percent? Lock in your answers. Well, the Yale Program on Climate Communication did a poll which was released earlier this year, and the an-swer is that 70 percent, 7 out of 10 Americans, say stay in. Now this sup-port for the Paris Agreement is more than half for every party, including the unaffiliated or independent voters. It is very high among Democrats, 86 per-cent; among Independents it is 61 per-cent; but 51 percent, more than one out of every two Republicans say, yes, stay in. They also took a look at self-identi-fied voters for President Trump, and, there again, more than one out of two, a majority of them, said to stay in. So there you have it, folks. Episode 8 of the Climate Disruption Quiz, issues ripped from the headlines on the most important issue facing the survival of humankind on this planet. Carbon dioxide levels are accel-erating and running through the roof. The temperature of our planet is accel-erating. Our planet has caught a fever, and there is no doctor for the planet. We have to address it. We have to act. We are the first generation to experi-ence the impacts and the last genera-tion that can head off catastrophic consequences. We are racing with the clock. There is no time to spare. So stay engaged, and in the future, I will bring you epi-sode 9 of the Senate Climate Disrup-tion Quiz. Thank you. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. to-morrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:04 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, November 16, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate November 15, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
DAVID G. ZATEZALO, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO BE AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF LABOR FOR MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
MARK T. ESPER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE SECRETARY OF THE ARMY. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
BOBBY L. CHRISTINE, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF GEORGIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. DAVID J. FREED, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G15NO6.063 S15NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1569 November 15, 2017 
SHARON SWERDFEGER TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Sharon Swerdfeger of Pueblo, Col-orado and her lifelong commitment and work for Pueblo, Colorado and the business KR Swerdfeger Construction, Inc. she started with her husband, Keith. In 1968, Sharon and Keith went into busi-ness for themselves at the age of 21 after learning the construction trade from Keith’s fa-ther. They had a loan co-signed by Sharon’s father for $5,000 to purchase a backhoe and have some operating capital and began an ex-cavation company specializing in water and sewer lines. From there, the company quickly expanded into natural gas distribution pipeline and telephone lines and has grown to a multi- million dollar business that has expanded throughout the Southwest United States. KR Swerdfeger Construction, Inc. will be cele-brating 50 years in business in 2018. Ms. Swerdfeger is also very active in the Pueblo community with civic service and activ-ism. She is the founder of the Pueblo chapter of The National Association of Women in Con-struction and is President, charter and emer-itus member of the Pueblo South High School Alumni Foundation. Her involvement with other organizations includes the Pueblo YMCA, Pueblo Community College Foundation, Colo-rado Business Education Coalition, Parkview Hospital Foundation, the Boys and Girls Clubs of Pueblo County, St. Mary-Corwin Healthcare Foundation, the Sangre de Cristo Arts and Conference Center, Friends of the Library, Kiwanis Club and the Sangre de Cristo Arts and Conference Center. Mr. Speaker, Sharon Swerdfeger has been a tireless business leader and advocate for her hometown of Pueblo, Colorado. She is a dedicated mother, wife, business owner and a valued member of the Pueblo Community. It is my honor and privilege to recognize and honor her today. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FALLEN MISSISSIPPI MARINE LANCE CORPORAL (LCPL) ROGER WAYNE DEEDS 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen Mississippi Marine Lance Corporal (LCpl) Roger Wayne Deeds who died while defending our great na-tion on November 16, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. LCpl Deeds was killed by enemy small arms fire while conducting com-bat operations against enemy forces during Operation Steel Curtain in Ubaydi, Iraq. Also killed were Lance Corporal (LCpl) John A. Lucente of Grass Valley, California, Corporal (CPL) Jeffrey A. Rogers of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and Corporal (CPL) Joshua J. Ware of Apache, Oklahoma. During the attack, LCpl Deeds moved forward under enemy fire and suppressed the enemy with machine gun fire. He then launched a recovery effort of his wounded comrades. He was providing first aid and security for the wounded when he was mortally wounded. This act of courage and selflessness earned him the Bronze Star Medal with Valor. LCpl Deeds was assigned to Battalion Landing Team 2nd Battalion, 1st Ma-rine Regiment, 13th Marine Expeditionary Unit, I Marine Expeditionary Force (Forward), Camp Pendleton, California. LCpl Deeds was born into a military family and lived on a number of U.S. Air Force bases including Clark Air Force Base in the Phil-ippines, Mather Air Force Base in California, Rhein Main Air Force Base in Germany, Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico, and Keesler Air Force Base in Biloxi. LCpl Deeds graduated from Biloxi High School in 2000. It was there he met his future wife, Sarah French. They were married in February 2004. ‘‘He’s been my best friend for years. My ev-erything,’’ Sarah stated in an Associated Press news article. Joyce Deeds, LCpl Deeds’ mother, said her son exemplified the Marine Corps motto which is ‘‘Semper Fidelis,’’ meaning always faithful. ‘‘They have a saying that no one is left be-hind,’’ Mrs. Deeds said. ‘‘And that’s how my son died. He was faithful to God, country, and family.’’ Scott Deeds, LCpl Deeds’ father, re-cently said that his son never saw a mountain he was not going to conquer and never backed down from a challenge, no matter how big. ‘‘Roger followed a very long line of family members from his father, to uncles, cousins, grandfathers and great grandfathers, who served in every battle or conflict since the Civil War,’’ Mr. Deeds said. ‘‘Roger saw a calling in serving this great nation and he chose the Ma-rines as he felt it was the best fit for himself and as he said, ’I want to be on the front line to provide protection for my brothers and free-dom for those denied freedoms.’ He will al-ways be my mini-me. He was and will always be my son, my friend, my hero, and our Ma-rine.’’ He was buried with full military honors at the Biloxi National Cemetery. LCpl Deeds is survived by his father, Scott Deeds; his mother, Joyce Deeds; his sister, Gina McKnight; his wife, Sarah Deeds; his son, Alaric Deeds; and his daughter, Mikaleigh Deeds. John 15:13 says, ‘‘Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends’’. LCpl Deeds distinguished himself on the battlefield and in life. His service will al-ways be remembered. CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 SPEECH OF  
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I will vote against the conference report to accompany H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2018 (Roll no. 631). This bill is far from fiscally responsible. We’ve yet to reach a bipartisan budget agreement, thus, this NDAA’s base budget au-thority is $77.4 billion above the cap set in the Budget Control Act. The GOP has dem-onstrated no concern for what this continued policy of budget-busting will do to our coun-try’s deficit. It will inhibit our ability to respond to future threats and will hollow out benefits for military personnel and veterans. Of deep concern to me is the bill’s full fund-ing of nuclear weapons modernization and maintenance programs. The Congressional Budget Office released a report just last month highlighting that the true cost of these pro-grams over the next 30 years will be $1.2 tril-lion dollars. That’s more than 20 percent high-er than earlier estimates. This bill fails to make the tough decisions it needs to about our de-fense spending. The legislation does take several steps in the right direction. It expresses a sense of Congress that climate change is a direct threat to national security, raises military pay by 2.4 percent and includes measures to counter Russian aggression. The bill also authorizes 3,500 visas to the Afghan Special Immigrant Visa (SIV) program—a program I worked to establish to help our Afghan allies seek refuge in the United States after they become the tar-get of threats because of their assistance to U.S. personnel. However, the fiscal reality of enacting this legislation is deeply troubling. On balance, the costs of this bill outweigh its benefits and I cannot support it. 
f 
REPRODUCTIVE RIGHTS 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my grave concern with the constant attacks on women’s access to reproductive health care. The women and girls currently under U.S. government custody in shelters, jails, and de-tention centers across this country who have had to relinquish their right to reproductive health care deserve our immediate attention. I was disheartened to see the mistreatment of women in detention and children at the Of-fice of Refugee Resettlement who are being 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15NO8.001 E15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1570 November 15, 2017 
systematically denied access to their Constitu-tional rights. The Constitution guarantees all women the right to access abortions and pro-hibits the government from putting an undue burden on that right. However, the recent case of Jane Doe litigated in Garza v. Hargan, is a stark reminder of just how far this administra-tion will go to deny a young woman her con-stitutional right to access an abortion. Jane Doe, a 17 year old unaccompanied minor, came to the U.S. and was subse-quently detained and placed in a government- funded shelter where she discovered she was pregnant. She immediately sought an abortion. However, she was inhumanely and unconsti-tutionally denied her right to an abortion. This administration’s Office of Refugee Resettle-ment held Jane Doe hostage and barred her from leaving her shelter to access care, simply because the ORR Director Scott Lloyd and the administration disagreed with her health care choice to have an abortion. Jane Doe’s case is a heartbreaking one. While I am glad to see that the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals stood up for the rights of Jane Doe in that case and allowed her access to an abortion regardless of her immigration status, we know Jane Doe is not alone, and fear that many other young women’s rights are being denied by this administration. I have heard deeply concerning reports that the U.S. Department of Health & Human Serv-ices now enforces unconstitutional policies such as systematically counseling young women against accessing abortion. Similarly, there are reports of mistreatment of pregnant women and mothers in incarceration and de-tention. These reports illustrate that there are pregnant women sitting in solitary confinement without access to needed food and nourish-ment, women are sometimes shackled during labor, and others are ultimately denied ade-quate health care services. These policies and the mistreatment of women in incarceration and detention are simply shocking and rep-resent a gross abuse of power by this admin-istration. We need to know why this is happening, how often it is happening, and what can be done to prevent these situations. This is why thirty-one of my colleagues and I have re-quested a Government Accountability Office report to examine the real situation of preg-nant inmates and immigrant detainees in order to better understand efforts taken to protect them and their fetus. This administration must stop denying women their constitutional rights. We must de-mand that this administration immediately end the cruel practices of intimidation and coer-cion, and uphold the rights guaranteed by the United States Constitution. This administration must allow young women currently in govern-ment custody access to the health care they need, including abortion. 
f 
COMMENDING CHILD ADVOCATES OF FORT BEND 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Child Advocates of Fort Bend for their continued commitment to helping foster children in Fort Bend County. Child Advocates of Fort Bend is the only program in the entire state of Texas that is able to match every single foster child with a volunteer Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA). These CASA volunteers advocate for the ‘‘best interests’’ of children in foster care and ensure that their needs are met. Through their CASA program, Child Advocates of Fort Bend trains volunteers so that they can best serve as a voice for these children in the courtroom. The lives of these children and by extension our communities, are stronger thanks to the dedication of these committed volunteers at Child Advocates of Fort Bend. We thank them for their commitment to volun-teering their time for children who truly need it. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations to the Child Advocates of Fort Bend. I thank them again for their dedication to foster children in our Fort Bend community. f 
HONORING MAJOR LESLIE R. HADLEY 
HON. BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of Major Leslie R. Hadley USAF Ret for his service to our nation. Major Hadley joined the United States Air Force and began pilot training at the age of 18. He piloted the B–24 Liberator, flying more than 30 missions in Europe and Korea, including historic D-Day missions over coastal France—June 4–7 1944. Major Hadley was awarded the Distin-guished Flying Cross for Heroism and earned four Air Medals and other commendations in the service of our nation. A native of Ballardvalle, Massachusetts, Major Hadley was graduated from Phillips Academy, Andover, Massachusetts and com-pleted his study of statistics while in the serv-ice at the Harvard School of Business. As a career officer, he lived in many places around the globe and retired while at McGuire AFB in New Jersey. He settled in Bucks County, Pennsylvania with his wife, Muriel Hart Hadley, and their children. He was an active volunteer in his retirement years and composed many memoirs of the B– 24 Liberator pilots and crews for their families. He will be laid to rest with full military hon-ors on November 16, 2017 in Washington Crossing National Cemetery, Bucks County, Pennsylvania. In his life, Major Leslie R. Had-ley demonstrated courageous, selfless service to the United States of America and devotion to family and friends. He has the gratitude of his beloved nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for Roll Call No. 624 (on the passage of H.R. 3071). Had I been present, I would have voted yes. CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 SPEECH OF  
HON. JOHN H. RUTHERFORD 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Conference Report to the FY18 National Defense Authorization Act. This legislation helps ensure that our men and women in uniform are equipped to carry out their national security mission. As the proud Representative of Naval Sta-tion Mayport—the East Coast homeport for Lit-toral Combat Ships—I commend the Com-mittee for authorizing three more of these ships. The LCS platform currently provides a much-needed U.S. naval presence in global hotspots, especially in contested waters, and will do so for years to come. I would also like to commend them for allowing the Navy to make common-sense changes to the routine and low skilled maintenance requirements and practices of our forward deployed Littoral Combat Ships. As the Navy and we in Congress work to be good stewards of taxpayer dollars while meet-ing the global threat, we must reevaluate our sustainment strategies so that LCS can be uti-lized to the fullest extent possible. However, I would like to express my strong belief that the more complex maintenance availabilities and modernizations still require the expertise, pro-ficiency and experience of the U.S. ship repair industrial base. Without a strong industrial base, our assets and sailors would be unable to meet the requirements facing our Navy. I thank the Committee for including detailed reporting requirements and a two-year sunset so Congress can work closely with the Navy to balance the importance of the U.S. ship re-pair industrial base and the flexibility needed for the Littoral Combat Ships on extended de-ployments. This bill is a strong example of Congress’s commitment to the LCS program and using taxpayer dollars wisely. I again thank the Chairman and the Committee for their hard work on this legislation. 
f 
THANKING THE MEN AND WOMEN OF THE USS ‘‘WASP,’’ USS ‘‘OAK HILL,’’ AND USS ‘‘KEARSARGE’’ 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize those in our military who have worked tirelessly to help Americans in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands in the aftermath of Hur-ricanes Irma and Maria. Despite my continuing concerns about the dreadful federal response to the devastation in Puerto Rico and the Vir-gin Islands, I know that the dedicated men and women of our military have been working day and night to help bring much needed relief to those in need. Without their help and aid, one can only imagine how much worse the situation would be now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15NO8.004 E15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1571 November 15, 2017 
In the last two weeks, the USS Wasp, the USS Oak Hill, and the USS Kearsarge have returned home or are in the process of return-ing home. In both Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, the sailors and Marines aboard these ships cleared roads to ease the flow of people and relief supplies, conducted search and res-cue missions, helped deliver much needed supplies, and most of all, were a daily re-minder to those they met that our country helps its citizens. Speaking to the high tempo at which these men and women were working, the Navy re-ports that during the 68-day period of its hurri-cane relief deployment, the Kearsarge ‘‘con- ducted more amphibious and flight operations than would be completed in a routine six- month deployment.’’ And I would be remiss if I did not mention the invaluable contribution of National Guard personnel, including those impacted directly by the hurricanes, and those from all over the United States, including my home state of Wisconsin. I would urge the Defense Department, even as these ships return home, to continue to en-sure that its considerable resources and as-sets remain available to help Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands in the trying weeks and months that still lay ahead. Our citizens in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands will need our help for many months to come and the military must continue to be a key part of that effort. And I also strongly encourage the Adminis-tration to quickly send a new disaster funding request that accurately reflects the proposals that affected communities, including Texas, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands, have put forward outlining the federal aid they need to help communities rebuild better. Again, I salute the men and women in and out of uniform who have been and continue to help their fellow Americans during this deadly and devastating hurricane season. They are doing their part; now this Administration and Congress need to do ours in the coming weeks. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PHOENIX FIRE ENGINE COMPANY NO. 2 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Phoenix Fire Company No. 2 of Pottsville, Pennsylvania. The fire com-pany will be celebrating its 150th anniversary on November 25. The Phoenix Fire Company No. 2 originated from the Schuylkill Hydraulian Fire Company, which organized in April 1829 and was offi-cially recognized the following year. This early company purchased a hand engine and was housed in Pottsville’s original borough build-ing. In 1861, a few days after the attack on Fort Sumter, the Schuylkill Hydraulian Com-pany reformed into a military company called the Union Guards of Pottsville. They left for Harrisburg on April 24, 1861 and were greeted by Governor Andrew Curtin when they arrived. Management of Pottsville’s fire apparatus was then left to the borough council. The Phoenix Fire Engine Company was estab-lished during reorganization meeting in Sep-tember 1867. A hose carriage was purchased, and the company was headquartered at the corner of Centre and Norwegian Streets. In 1885, a cornerstone was set for a new fire house on East Norwegian Street, and this very house continues to serve as the station for the Phoenix Fire Company No. 2 today. The company operated with horse-drawn equipment until summer 1919. In July that year, an American La France truck with a sev-enty-five-foot aerial ladder was purchased for $18,000 and shipped to Pottsville. That truck saw extensive damage in 1925 when Phoenix Company responded to a major fire in Me-chanicsville. After a six-month repair process, however, the engine was restored to working condition and served Pottsville well until 1939. It is an honor to recognize such a historic and distinguished fire company. I am grateful for the Phoenix Fire Company’s 150 years of outstanding service to our community, and you can count me as a strong supporter for a suc-cessful future. f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I will vote against the Conference Report for H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year (FY) 2018. The agreement includes several provisions that I strongly support, including giving serv-icemen and women a well-deserved raise of 2.4 percent. Those who serve in uniform have made extraordinary sacrifices for our country and have earned and deserve a pay raise. The Conference Report also includes funding for Ukraine and Eastern Europe security initia-tives to counter Russia’s heightened military provocations and annexation of Crimea. Addi-tionally, it includes a provision recognizing cli-mate change as a direct threat to our national security interests. Despite these important initiatives, I have strong concerns with the Conference Report. The agreement authorizes more than $692.1 billion, which is $74.2 billion more than the FY 2017 authorized level and $26.4 billion more than the president’s request. This includes $65.7 billion to the Overseas Contingency Op-erations (OCO) fund, an account which is not counted in the budget and is not paid for. It adds to the deficit and is used as a slush fund by the Pentagon. Unlike every other federal agency, the De-partment of Defense (DOD) refuses to com-plete a financial audit so taxpayers know how the biggest bureaucracy in the federal govern-ment spends their money. In fact, a shocking report released last December exposed $125 billion in administrative waste that the Pen-tagon tried to bury from being viewed by the public. The Conference Report also authorizes $13 billion for the F–35 program, including 90 new planes, 20 more planes than the Trump Ad-ministration requested. While I strongly sup-port a modernized military, I have serious con-cerns about the growing costs of the F–35 program. The Pentagon has projected that the lifetime operating and sustainment costs for the F–35 fleet will total more than $1 trillion. I refuse to support increased bureaucratic waste at the expense of American taxpayers and our men and women in uniform. A more accountable and transparent department would ensure taxpayer dollars are directed to-wards the needs of our troops and the bene-fits they deserve, rather than buying unneces-sary weapon systems, sustaining a Cold War era military force, and giving the president a blank check to fund wars Congress hasn’t au-thorized. I have always advocated for maintaining Congress’s constitutionally-confirmed preroga-tive to declare war under the War Powers Act and limiting the President’s authority to en-gage in armed conflict without the consent of Congress. I strongly oppose the NDAA’s con-tinued authorization of spending for wars that are not congressionally approved. The Pen-tagon uses the 2001 Authorization of Use of Military Force (AUMF) to continue to justify the more than 16 years our troops have been fighting in the Middle East. In his short time in office, President Trump has already sent troops to Afghanistan, Iraq, Niger, Syria, and elsewhere without seeking a new Authoriza-tion of Use of Military Force (AUMF), a viola-tion of the War Powers Act. Additionally, the Conference Report pro-hibits the closing of Guantanamo Bay, which costs more than $100 million each year to house 41 prisoners and has been used as a top recruiting tool by terrorists. Frankly, the prison at Guantanamo Bay has been a black eye for the United States, has eroded relation-ships with our allies, undermined U.S. mis-sions abroad, and put U.S. citizens and our troops at risk of retaliation. Congress can make responsible cuts to our defense budget without jeopardizing the safety of our troops or undermining our national se-curity. Fiscal responsibility and accountability at the Pentagon would allow for funds to be better spent supporting the basic needs of our troops, meeting our obligations to veterans of past wars, and ensuring our true defense needs are prioritized. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY PRIVATE FIRST CLASS (PFC) DAMIAN LAQUASHA HEIDELBERG 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory offallen Mississippi sol-dier Army Private First Class (PFC) Damian Laquasha Heidelberg who paid the ultimate sacrifice on November 15, 2003, during Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom. PFC Heidelberg was killed when two UH–60 Black Hawk heli-copters collided in Mosul, Iraq. He served as an administrative specialist in the Army. PFC Heidelberg was assigned to 1st Battalion, 187th Infantry Regiment, 101st Airborne Divi-sion (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Kentucky. According to the Associated Press, PFC Heidelberg, a Shubuta, Mississippi native, was a former choir member and church usher. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15NO8.009 E15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1572 November 15, 2017 
was remembered by Staff Sergeant (SSG) Sylvester Watkins on a memorial website. ‘‘I served with him in the TOC and he was al-ways smiling and always spoke,’’ SSG Wat-kins said. ‘‘When I heard ofhis passing, I was home on mid-tour leave from Iraq. I felt bad because it wasn’t me. That kind of trait found in Heidelberg is so hard to find, it must remain on earth. However, I realize his body planted in the ground is merely a seed which, after the winter, will blossom and show its wonderful colors. We will then know he is again among us. We love you, brother.’’ Phyllis Heidelberg, PFC Heidelberg’s aunt, told the Associated Press that her nephew was a good man. ‘‘He was a wonderful young man, sweet and mild mannered,’’ Ms. Heidel-berg said. ‘‘He was slow to speak, loved to go to church, and always had a big smile.’’ Jerry Jones, one of PFC Heidelberg’s childhood friends, said of his determined work ethic. ‘‘He told me that he was trying to make something of himself,’’ Mr. Jones said. ‘‘He was trying to make it for his family and his baby.’’ Prior to enlisting in the U.S. Army, PFC Hei-delberg was a student in the auto mechanic program at the Finch-Henry Job Corps Center in Batesville. To this day, a plaque commemo-rating PFC Heidelberg’s service is on display at the facility. Earlene Brewer, a career and technical training instructor, recently said PFC Heidelberg was a standout student. ‘‘He was a good soul,’’ Mrs. Brewer said. ‘‘He was very friendly. His parents raised him right.’’ PFC Heidelberg is survived by his father, Grady Jones; his mother, Deborah Heidelberg; and his daughter, Stacie. PFC Heidelberg’s service and sacrifice to protect America will not be forgotten. 
f 
HONORING THE DODGE FAMILY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, this year the Riv-erdale Neighborhood House is celebrating its 145th Anniversary, and to mark the occasion they are honoring the family that started it all for them, the Dodges, at their annual anniver-sary gala. Few names are as synonymous with RNH and the Northwest Bronx as the Dodges. Their roots in the community run deep, starting in 1872 when Grace Hoadley Dodge founded the Riverdale Neighborhood House. Grace, at the age of 16, created a small library in one of the greenhouses on her family’s property in River-dale. The library became a hub for the work-ers in Riverdale and grew from there. In 1884, Grace helped Riverdale Neighborhood House acquire its own building, which provided com-munity based services for the workers of Riv-erdale. In 1917, Grace’s brother, Cleveland Hoadley Dodge, established the Cleveland H. Dodge Foundation. At the time, the Dodge family was profiting greatly off their copper mining busi-ness due to the Great War. Dodge was deter-mined, as he wrote to his Presbyterian pastor, that ‘‘I will not burn my pockets by keeping a cent of the money coming to me from war profits.’’ He set up the Foundation with the very general provisio that its income should be used ‘‘for the betterment of mankind.’’ Ever since its establishment, grants have been made by the Foundation to charitable and cul-tural institutions in New York City. In many cases, members of the family had helped to found them and subsequent generations have continued to support them. The combined good works of RNH and the Cleveland H. Dodge Foundation are too many to list. Through the years, many members of the Dodge family have shared their wealth, wisdom and support to the programs and services at RNH: Grace Parish Dodge, (Mrs. Cleveland H. Dodge) contributed to the Bay-ard Dodge Pool project in 1945; Mrs. Pauline M. Dodge, (Mrs. Cleveland E. Dodge) served on the RNH Board for many years, and Grace’s grand nephew and grand nieces, Al-fred H. Howell, Elizabeth Dodge R. Haxall, and Ruth Rea Howell, also served RNH during their lifetimes. The commitment the Dodge family has shown to RNH and our neighborhood is inspir-ing. They have done a wealth of good for my constituents and I want to thank them as they receive this great honor. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for roll call votes 623, 624, and 625 on Monday, No-vember 13, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on roll call vote 624, and ‘‘Nay’’ on roll call votes 623 and 625. 
f 
COLORADO NATIONAL BLUE RIB-BON SCHOOLS PROGRAM AWARD-EES TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Connect Charter School in Pueblo, Colorado, which was recently named a 2017 National Blue Ribbon School by U.S. Department of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos. With this award, the Connect School has been recognized as one of the nation’s high-est performing educational institutions. Mem-bers of the Pueblo community know that this honor is well deserved. The dedication shown by the teachers, administrators, and school staff is extraordinary, and I know they have a profound impact on the lives of each student who attends Connect School. National Blue Ribbon Schools are among the nation’s highest performing educational in-stitutions, as measured by state assessments, nationally normed test scores, and graduation rates. Now in its 35th year, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program has recognized over 8,500 public and private elementary, middle and high schools. The Connect School should be proud of its inclusion in the 2017 award group, and I join the Pueblo community and entire state in offering my enthusiastic con-gratulations. HONORING JAMES HENRY FORD HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the life of James Henry Ford of Martinsville, Virginia. Jim passed away on Oc-tober 28, 2017. He was a fine man who al-ways had the interests of his community at heart. Jim grew up in Martinsville and made his career practicing law there for 58 years after he studied at Roanoke College and the Uni-versity of Virginia Law School. As an active member of the Martinsville and Virginia State Bar, he served two terms on the Virginia State Bar Council. I came to know Jim when we served together on the Blue Ridge Boy Scout Council, which covers 21 counties and nine cities in Virginia, in the 1980s and 90s. I great-ly respected his contributions as well as his commitment; whenever the council met, he would drive over an hour from Martinsville to Roanoke. This level of dedication was typical of Jim, who found every venue he could to serve the community around him. Along with the Boy Scout Council, he served as president of the Martinsville Jaycees, the YMCA, and the Kiwanis. He helped found and later led the Piedmont Arts Association. As a lifetime mem-ber of Martinsville’s First Presbyterian Church, he served variously as Deacon, Elder, and Clerk of Session. For many years he served as Chairman of the Martinsville Planning Com-mission and as Secretary of the United Fund of Martinsville and Henry County. He was also a member of the Board of Directors of the Pat-rick Henry Scholarship Fund. Jim garnered honors for his work with these organizations, including the Scout’s Silver Beaver Award, the highest award a volunteer can receive at the council level, and the Jay-cees’ Distinguished Service Award. His serv-ice was a gift to the people of Martinsville and its surrounding communities. Our society counts on people like Jim, the men and women who dedicate their time, their re-sources, and their passion to the places they call home. They do so not in search of mone-tary gain or the acquisition of power, but out of a sense of duty to their community and joy in improving the lives of their fellow citizens. Jim is survived by his wife Sandra, his daughter Margaret, his son Martin, and his grandchildren Wesley, Sandra, Jimmy, and Charlotte. My thoughts are with them in this difficult time. The Martinsville/Henry County area is diminished by his passing, as we all are. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE HOUSE WITH RESPECT TO UNITED STATES POLICY TO-WARDS YEMEN 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 13, 2017 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I have heard from many of my constituents who are con-cerned about U.S. involvement in Yemen. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15NO8.012 E15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1573 November 15, 2017 
country is in ruins, civilians are paying the price, and there seems to be little to no inter-est in using our considerable heft and moral authority to search for and find a diplomatic solution. We are no closer to peace in Yemen today than when the first bombs dropped. What we do have after over two years of war and suf-fering is a fractured country, repeated attacks on health and other civilian facilities in a coun-try now experiencing a deadly cholera out-break that could eventually reach 1 million suspected cases by year’s end, limited access to lifesaving humanitarian aid, including the decision last week by the Saudi-led coalition to close all ports and ground all humanitarian flights into the country that will only make a bad situation, worse. That decision was quickly condemned by the United Nations and others who warned about the dire consequences for Yemen’s 27 million citizens. In the face of international pressure and condemnation, it appears the Saudi-led coalition may now reopen some ports but the situation remains dire. There are serious questions that need to be answered about U.S. involvement, direct and indirect, including what it is actually helping to achieve, and what are the costs. While partici-pation in the Yemen civil war preceded this Administration, that fact does not remove the responsibility of the President and this Con-gress. The final FY 2018 Defense Authorization bill (H.R. 2810) that we are going to consider later this week includes a provision calling for a U.S. Security Strategy for Yemen from this Administration. That would be a step forward. Unfortunately, the bill that will come before the House this week would strip—without public debate, discussion, or deliberation—a provi-sion from the House-passed bill that would have barred any use of taxpayer funding to deploy members of the U.S. Armed Forces to participate in the ongoing civil war in Yemen. Additionally, the House-passed version of H.R. 1298 barred the use of taxpayer funds authorized in the bill to conduct U.S. military operations in Yemen. That provision was also dropped in conference with the Senate, again with no public debate or deliberation. If we agree that the humanitarian situation is hor-rific, that a political solution is the only solu-tion, then why keep the pathway open for broader U.S. military engagement? The provisions in the House-passed version of H.R. 2810 would have put strong teeth be-hind the resolution we are considering today and behind the concerns expressed during this debate and in this resolution regarding the humanitarian crises that is unfolding in Yemen as a direct result of this damaging conflict. Mr. Speaker, it is not in our nation’s interest to make a dangerous region only more vola-tile. It is not in our nation’s interest to see Yemen become an even more broken and di-vided nation and even a failed state. And it is not clear that continuing to do more of the same will not reverse those trends or bring us closer to the diplomatic solution that is almost universally recognized as the only effective so-lution. INTRODUCING A RESOLUTION REC-OGNIZING CHILDREN OF INCAR-CERATED PARENTS 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to join me in co-sponsoring a resolution recognizing the needs of children of incarcerated parents. The U.S. continues to lead the world in the rate of incarceration with over 2.3 million peo-ple behind bars. Not only does the system dis-proportionately impact the lives of low income families and minorities—it also hurts the goals of rehabilitation and breaking the cycle of vio-lence in our communities. As Congress works to address the problems facing our criminal justice system, we should do so with more than just the offenders and ex-offenders in mind. We need to raise aware-ness of the unique problems faced by children of incarcerated parents. When families are separated by the criminal justice system, it turns their whole world upside down. The fam-ily often loses a source of income and child care. Some children are forced to enter the foster care system. Without the proper re-sources and nurturing, these children are more likely to follow in the footsteps of their parents and face a life of crime themselves. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this important resolution. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF AMANDA GRADY SEXTON FOR BEING AWARDED THE 2017 SANDRA MATHESON AWARD FOR EXEM-PLARY COMMITMENT TO VIC-TIMS OF CRIME 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Amanda Grady Sexton, the Director of Public Affairs for the New Hampshire Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence, for receiving the 2017 Sandra Matheson Award for Exemplary Com-mitment to Victims of Crime. Amanda is incredibly deserving of this rec-ognition; having worked tirelessly at the New Hampshire Coalition for 15 years to ensure protections for survivors of sexual assault in the Granite State. She led the effort in the state legislature to pass legislation that strengthens New Hampshire’s Rape Shield Law and established critical protections for survivors of sexual violence. She has also supported other initiatives to extend the stat-ute of limitations in cases of child sexual abuse and criminalized acts of human traf-ficking and domestic violence in state law. Though Amanda’s voice is essential in New Hampshire, her advocacy extends beyond the Granite State. She regularly advises me and other members of the New Hampshire Con-gressional Delegation, and assisted Congress with the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act and the passage of the Sexual Assault Survivors’ Rights Act. Through her incredible work, Amanda has given hope and a voice to countless victims of crime in New Hampshire and nationwide, and has helped reduce the stigma associated with sexual assault. On behalf of New Hampshire’s Second Con-gressional District and all those who have benefitted from Amanda’s work, I thank her for everything she has done and will continue to do for our state, and congratulate her on this well-deserved recognition. I look forward to our continued work together to make New Hampshire be an even better place to live, work, and raise a family. f 
HONORING MICHAEL M. M CHUGH 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I want to take a moment to acknowledge an individual who has been an invaluable asset to the Saint Joseph’s Medical Center community, Mr. Michael McHugh. Mike, as he is better known, was born in Yonkers and graduated from Manhattan Col-lege where he received a degree in Civil Engi-neering. Upon graduation, Mike joined Moretech American Corp. where he remains to this day. At Moretech, Mike serves as the Executive Vice President and is directly re-sponsible for the company’s Safety Program in its Northern Regional Offices. He is also re-sponsible for business development in New York City Metropolitan region. Moretech has worked on several big projections in the area, including the Second Avenue Subway, East Side Access, World Trade Center Recovery and Rebuilding, in addition to several projects for the Water Supply. Mike’s activity on the construction industry also extends beyond Moretech. He serves as a trustee for The Moles in addition to several committees for the General Contractor’s Association of New York. Mike joined the Board of Saint Joseph’s Medical Center in June 2012. Since that time he has also served as member of the Board’s Ball Committee and the Planning and Building Committee. And in June 2017 he became a member of the Personnel Committee of the Board. Mike’s extensive knowledge and exper-tise in the construction industry has been a tremendous asset to Saint Joseph’s for all the years he has served as a member of its Board of Trustees. In addition to serving on the Board of Saint Joseph’s Medical Center, Mike is a member of the AOH and is currently President of the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick in Westchester County. He was also active in AYSO, CYO, and was President of the Little League when he was raising his family in Ardsley, another community I represent. This year, Saint Joseph’s Medical Center is honoring Mike at their 2017 Annual Ball with their 2017 Outstanding Service Award. They could not have picked a more deserving hon-oree. I want to congratulate Mike on receiving this well-deserved honor, and thank him for all he has done to service the community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO8.017 E15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1574 November 15, 2017 
HONORING JEFF SPENCE OF PENN-SYLVANIA ON HIS RETIREMENT AFTER MORE THAN 29 YEARS OF SERVICE IN LOCAL LAW EN-FORCEMENT 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I extend my sincere congratulations to my constituent, De-tective First Class Jeff Spence of the York City Police Department, upon his retirement after almost 30 years in law enforcement. I’ve long appreciated the commitment of people who devote themselves selflessly to serving our Nation and communities. After graduating from William Penn Senior High School in York, Pennsylvania, Mr. Spence served our Nation in the United States Air Force. He began his law enforcement career in the patrol division of the York City Police Department, where he was later promoted to Detective and later Detective First Class. Mr. Spence has earned countless awards and commendations for his service, including Police Officer of the Year by both the City of York and York County, as well as induction to the York City School District Hall of Fame. His peers describe a true professional whose tire-less dedication, professionalism and sacrifice touched the lives of countless people and challenged all with whom he served to be the best. His legacy of service to our Nation and community sets the standard for all to follow. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s. Fourth Con-gressional District, I thank and congratulate Jeff Spence on his service and wish him and his family great happiness and success in their future adventures. 
f 
HONORING THE 10TH ANNIVER-SARY OF CAIR—MINNESOTA CHAPTER 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join Minnesota Muslims in recognizing the 10th anniversary on the founding of the Coun-cil on American-Islamic Relations—Minnesota Chapter (CAIR–MN). CAIR–MN is among the 35 Regional Offices and chapters across the United States that are working to enhance re-inforce core American values by encouraging dialogue, promoting social justice, protecting civil liberties and fostering freedom of religion. CAIR–MN is to be commended for their advo-cacy work to advance civil rights and ensure that America remains a beacon of hope, free-dom, opportunity and respect for people of all backgrounds. At a time when Muslim Americans and Mus-lim immigrants face unprecedented levels of intolerance and abject bigotry, the work of CAIR–MN is vital. Minnesotans treasure our diversity and the desire for open and meaning-ful dialogue as we work together to strengthen our communities. Our growing and vibrant Muslim community in Minnesota is an impor-tant part of the fabric of this country, and I am pleased that CAIR–MN is actively engaged with our local communities across our state. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Min-nesota families of many cultures, ethnicities and faiths. CAIR–MN plays an important role in protecting our state’s culture and tradition of respect for all. Please join me in recognizing CAIR–MN for 10 years of advocacy and dia-logue on behalf of Minnesota Muslims. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RUSTY SELIX 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the leadership of Rusty Selix, whose outstanding advocacy and efforts on behalf of mental health have changed, improved and saved lives. Rusty has been a leading expert in mental health policy and finance for the past 30 years, and state and local government policy and finance for 40 years. His work has been focused on mental health since 1986, when he became the Executive Director and legislative representative of the California Council of Community Behavioral Health Agencies, a statewide association of non-prof-it, publicly funded mental health providers. He also served as the Executive Director of the Mental Health Association (Mental Health America) in California from 1993 until 2014 and has worked with every major mental health organization nationally and in California. He has served as Chair of the Policy Com-mittee for the National Council for Behavioral Health and Mental Health America, helping to guide national mental health policy for many years. Rusty was the original co-author and leader, with Senator and now Mayor Darrell Steinberg, of the Proposition 63 Campaign— the November 2004 California ballot measure which is transforming the state’s public mental health system. Beyond his innumerable and far-reaching accomplishments, I honor Rusty for the spirit and manner in which he has achieved them. Rusty has been able to intuitively and adeptly reach out and bring together with a diversity of stakeholders in collaborative efforts to attain a united goal. Guided by an unwavering focus on mental health, Rusty combines a clear un-derstanding of the ‘‘big picture’’ with a solid, grounded sense of what can be shifted or al-tered to achieve change. Be it legislative, fi-nancial or organizational Rusty can see the necessary steps ahead and present his posi-tion in a way that encompasses and appeals to the needs and interests of those who can impact their own systems to accommodate the proposed change. With an authentic, non-de-fensive posture, Rusty is truly open to listening and learning about the others’ concerns and able to skillfully propose feasible solutions to potential problems. Rusty’s tireless work has always been about creating the change that can bring reality to his vision of improving lives and systems and not about self-aggrandizement. He acts with great integrity and, as such, is trusted for his honesty and his ability to follow through. Throughout our work together on mental health policy, he has always acted as an im-mediate, knowledgeable, and trusted resource. Mr. Speaker, I know many in the state gov-ernment and the mental health and substance use disorders community will miss the work and presence of Rusty Selix as he takes a step back from his active role with CCCBHA and will serve as the Senior Policy Consultant for this organization for which he has done so much. He has been an incomparable force with a strong, solid voice. His legacy will live on for years to come and I’m pleased that he will continue to be a voice for behavioral health care providers and those that they serve in the great state of California. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SPECIALIST (SPC) JEREMIAH JO-SEPH D
IGIOVANNI 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen Mississippi soldier Army Specialist (SPC) Jeremiah Jo-seph DiGiovanni who paid the ultimate sac-rifice on November 15, 2003, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. SPC DiGiovanni was killed when two UH–60 Black Hawk helicopters col-lided in Mosul, Iraq. SPC DiGiovanni was among 17 soldiers killed in the collision. SPC DiGiovanni was assigned to 4th Battalion, 101st Aviation Regiment, 101st Airborne Divi-sion (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Kentucky. According to the Associated Press, SPC DiGiovanni, a Covington, Louisiana native, graduated from North Pike High School in Summit, Mississippi. He joined the Army in November 2000. He later received training for his job as a Black Hawk crew chief. Joe DiGiovanni, SPC DiGiovanni’s father, said his son’s job was very important to him. ‘‘It was 250 miles an hour, pants on fire with both doors open,’’ Mr. DiGiovanni said. ‘‘He was a Black Hawk Crew Chief and he lived to get in that helicopter and fly.’’ Tonja Ludlam, a friend of SPC DiGiovanni, wrote a post about him on a memorial website. ‘‘To all who knew DJ, we were touched deeply by a boy who grew to be a man before our eyes,’’ Tonja wrote. ‘‘He was so proud to wear the uniform, be the best sol-dier he could be, and so proud to serve our country. He studied hard to be a Crew Chief and do what he loved the most. I miss his smiles and the fun we had in the short time I knew him.’’ During his three years of service, SPC DiGiovanni was awarded the National Defense Service Medal, the Army Service Ribbon, the Basic Aviation Badge, and the Sharpshooter Qualification Badge. The funeral was held at Calvary Baptist Church in Pricedale Community, Mississippi, where SPC DiGiovanni was raised by his fa-ther and stepmother, Helen DiGiovanni. SPC DiGiovanni is survived by his father and stepmother, Joseph A. DiGiovanni and Helen DiGiovanni; his mother and stepfather, Laurie A. Brock and Kendall Brock; his six stepsisters, Brandy Blackwell, Misty Blackwell, Kaitlin Brock, Sarah Brock, Hannah Brock, and Elisabeth Brock; his three brothers, Brett Kennedy, Kendall Brock, and Noah Brock. SPC DiGiovanni’s service and sacrifice to protect America will always be remembered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO8.021 E15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1575 November 15, 2017 
HONORING LOUIS C. ROSE, MD 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a medical professional who has done tremen-dous work in my district, Louis C. Rose, who this year will be honored at the Saint Joseph’s Medical Center’s Annual Ball. Louis is a native of the Bronx and a grad-uate of C.W. Post College. He received his medical degree at Rutgers Medical School and finished his residency in orthopedic sur-gery at New York Medical College. After be-coming Board Certified in Orthopedic Surgery, he was invited to join the faculty in the Depart-ment of Orthopedic Surgery at NYMC. In 1999, Louis joined the staff at West-chester Medical Center where he accepted the position of Chief of the Department of Ortho-pedic Surgery at the Cornell affiliate hospital in the Bronx. There he served as Chief medical officer and Chairman of the Board, and he was also appointed to the Board of Trustees for the Presbyterian Hospital System. Cur-rently, Louis serves as Chief of the Depart-ment of Orthopedic Surgery and Associate Di-rector of the Department of Surgery at Saint Joseph’s Medical Center. Louis has been very active in the commu-nity as well. He has organized many commu-nity health programs in the Bronx and his service has been recognized by a wide array of civic and health care leaders. Awards in-clude the New York State Liberty Award, the highest award given to a civilian in the State of New York, the New York State Senatorial Award, and he has received a proclamation from the City of New York for all of his com-munity work. Louis is also an appointed NYC Police Surgeon and has served on the Med-ical Advisory Board of the NYS Athletic Com-mission. In addition, Louis is the Founder and Execu-tive Medical Director of Throgs Neck Multi Care, a comprehensive medical facility spe-cializing in the treatment and care of all ortho-pedic trauma, injuries, and degenerative changes. He served as President of the Bronx Medical Society from June 2013 until May 2014 and is still an active member. As you can see, Saint Joseph’s is privileged to have such an accomplished and out-standing physician as Dr. Louis Rose. He is most deserving of this recognition, and I wish to congratulate him on the honor. 
f 
INTRODUCING LEGISLATION TO UPDATE THE SELECTIVE SERV-ICE REGISTRATION SYSTEM 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to intro-duce legislation to make a commonsense up-date to the Selective Service Registration sys-tem. As my colleagues know, our country has long recognized the moral dilemma faced by those with strong religious or moral grounds against serving in the military and engaging in war. As noted by the Supreme Court in Welsh vs. United States, there are many in our coun-try ‘‘whose consciences, spurred by deeply held moral, ethical, or religious beliefs, would give them no rest or peace if they allowed themselves to become a part of an instrument of war.’’ Historically, Congress has provided for alter-native service or exemption from service for those whose scruples and conscience cannot allow them to participate in combat or in any form of military service. In today’s all-volunteer military, those who have moral objections to participating in war can opt not to join the military. However, under the Universal Military Training and Serv-ice Act, all men between the ages of 18 and 26, including conscientious objectors, are still required to register for a national draft, should Congress authorize one. My bill would require that the Selective Service provide registrants, at the time of reg-istration, with the option to indicate a desire to be classified as a conscientious objector. My bill would make clear that simply making that indication at registration does not bind the U.S. in any way and does not assure that the registrant will be so classified. Finally, the bill would allow the Selective Service system to also accept, at the time of registration, written statements in support of a conscientious exemption claim. I want to be clear that the legislation does not change current requirements for how such claims are handled. Under current law, those who pursue a conscientious exemption from military service during a draft can only put for-ward an actual claim, with supporting evi-dence, after they get an induction notice. Again Mr. Speaker, our nation has a history of recognizing, as noted by the Supreme Court in Gillette v. United States, ‘‘the situation of conscientious objectors to war, who, absent special status, would be put to a hard choice between contravening imperatives of religion and conscience or suffering penalties.’’ My bill simply tries to make the process of registering those objections more direct and straight-forward. f 
HONORING DR. JACK BERMINGHAM 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and congratulate Dr. Jack Bermingham, the President of Highline Col-lege, on his retirement. Dr. Bermingham’s academic career began in 1979, upon earning his Ph.D. in History from the University of California, Santa Bar-bara. After serving on the faculty of the Uni-versity of the West Indies in Jamaica, he moved to Washington state where he later be-came the Dean of Social Sciences at Pacific Lutheran University. His career at Highline College began in 1994 when he joined the College’s administration as Academic Vice President. His career at Highline progressed and he was appointed to serve as the col-lege’s President in 2006. During his tenure at Highline College, Dr. Bermingham fought to further education on many fronts. He expanded the College’s col-laborations with businesses, K–12 schools, four-year institutions, and local organizations in order to improve the community’s access to education. Under his leadership, the college began offering four-year degree programs, among them the Bachelor of Applied Science in Cyber Security, which received regional, na-tional, and international recognition. Dr. Bermingham also served on numerous boards and committees at the national and regional level. Dr. Bermingham has also been a leader in international education. He has presented at international conferences, including in Turkey, Hong Kong, and Botswana. He served as Chair of the Executive Committee of the Board of Community Colleges for International Devel-opment, which also recognized his outstanding work in international education in 2005. That same year, he was also recognized by the Polytechnic of Namibia for his instrumental role in the success of that institution’s inter-national partnerships. Additionally, for the past seven years under Dr. Bermingham’s presi-dency, Highline College has hosted the Pacific Rim Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition which attracts teams from international univer-sities and institutions. Throughout his career, Dr. Bermingham has been an ardent champion of diversity and so-cial justice. Highline College has become the most diverse higher education institution in Washington state. It is also a place where many immigrants and refugees begin their journey to achieve their academic and profes-sional dreams. Highline College was awarded the Equity Award from the Association of Community College Trustees in 2016, and for the last four years has been awarded the High Education Excellence in Diversity Award. Dr. Bermingham made it a priority for Highline College and their faculty to serve all students, regardless of color, creed, ethnicity, or eco-nomic situation. Dr. Bermingham’s legacy is one of harmony, inclusion, and academic excellence. He has proven himself to be a tenacious leader, and has also shown to have the ability to connect with people through kindness and compas-sion. He will be greatly missed at the college by faculty, students, and the community. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I congratulate Dr. Jack Bermingham on his twenty-three years of service at Highline Col-lege and wish him the very best in his retire-ment. 
f 
EMERGENCY SERVICES AWARDS 
HON. BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the first responders of Bucks and Montgomery Counties. Recently, I was privi-leged to speak to nearly 300 first responders at the 45th Central Bucks Chamber of Com-merce’s Emergency Services Award Dinner and offer them my heartfelt thanks. As an EMT myself, I understand the love that these individuals have for their neighbors and their community. Mr. Speaker, I was honored to recognize: Robert Dondo, William Fluck IV, Eoghan Lowry, Karen Gibbons, Lisa Aron, Steven 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15NO8.025 E15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1576 November 15, 2017 
Vance, Michael Nyari, Keller Taylor, Zuri Kalix, Darren Carroll. Christopher A. Horner, John Thomas, Jim Snock, Mark Potent, Scott Martin, Jessica Leal, Kevin Murphy, Michael Ray, Nancy Mayers, Pat Mattes. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank these men and women for their service to our community. 
f 
HONORING WASHINGTON PHOTO SAFARI 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the District of Columbia-based Washington Photo Safari, which has just hosted the 35,000th participant in its amateur photographers training program. Founded by professional architectural pho-tographer E. David Luria, Washington Photo Safari was the first community-based field photography training program in the country. With 11 instructors, the program provides more than 40 photography skill sets in 140 dif-ferent venues throughout the District. Most of Washington Photo Safari’s partici-pants come from the D.C.-area. The ‘partici-pants’ skill levels range from people who have just bought their first camera to seasoned pro-fessional photographers who value Mr. Luria’s knowledge of when, where and how to capture the best images in the District. Averaging just six to seven participants per training session, the ‘‘photo safaris’’ take place at some of the District’s most iconic land-marks, including the National Mall, Wash-ington National Cathedral, Franciscan Mon-astery of the Holy Land in America, Tidal Basin, Capitol Hill, Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle, Smithsonian National Zoo, Na-tional Gallery of Art and National Museum of American History. The Washington Photo Safari has received Trip Advisor’s Certificate of Excellence Award for the past five years due to dozens of five- star reviews from its customers, solidifying its place on Trip Advisor’s list of top 10 outdoor activities in the District. In addition, with its success, similar programs have been imple-mented in 20 other U.S. cities with guidance provided by Washington Photo Safari. Therefore, I ask the House of Representa-tives to join me in recognizing Washington Photo Safari for its achievements and con-tributions to the District of Columbia tourism industry, as well as for serving as a member organization of Destination DC, Cultural Tour-ism of DC and the National Cherry Blossom Festival. 
f 
INTRODUCING THE RECIDIVISM REDUCTION ACT 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to join me in co-sponsoring the Recidivism Reduction Act to help streamline our Social Security system and reinstate fairness for ex-offenders who have served their time. The Recidivism Reduction Act will quickly restore federal disability benefits for eligible in-dividuals after incarceration. Access to federal disability and health care benefits is a critical component of successful re-entry into the community when individuals are released from prison or jail, especially among the mentally ill. Typically, federal disability benefits are ei-ther suspended or terminated depending on the length of incarceration. However, upon re-lease these benefits should be reinstated promptly to help provide access to essential treatment services and supports, housing and necessary income. Currently, due to barriers in federal law, it often takes several months to reinstate benefits. Addressing this delay will help foster successful transitions into the com-munity and reduce the likelihood of recidivism. The bill does not grant individuals new ben-efits; rather it removes bureaucratic hurdles to ensure that individuals promptly receive the benefits to which they are entitled in order to break the cycle of recidivism. When individuals have prompt access to disability and medical benefits after incarcer-ation, they are better equipped to transition successfully into the community, which would help reduce prison overcrowding and save taxpayer money. By cosponsoring the Recidi-vism Reduction Act, we can make the tech-nical corrections to current law that will make a real difference. f 
WENDY AND JEFF MAURER 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, this year, the He-brew Home at Riverdale is celebrating its in-credible 100th anniversary, and on that special occasion they have chosen to honor two indi-viduals who have given so much back to the community, Wendy and Jeff Maurer. For Wendy and Jeff, philanthropy comes from the heart and is an integral part of their lives. They have devoted their time and re-sources to a select group of meaningful not- for-profit organizations, focusing predominately on Jewish and health causes that truly make a difference in countless lives. Wendy and Jeff’s ties to the Hebrew Home are strong and deep rooted. Jeff’s great grandparents were among the initial families who founded the He-brew Home in 1917; his grandparents and parents, and Wendy’s parents were all resi-dents at the Home. In 1991 Jeff joined the Board of the Hebrew Home and became Chairman of the Board in 2004. Under Jeff’s leadership, and in collaboration with the Home’s executive management and Board, the Hebrew Home has expanded sig-nificantly, evolving into RiverSpring Health. The organization has grown from 1,000 older adults in its care, to 12,000 throughout New York City, continuing its great legacy. Wendy served as Sisterhood President and Board member of Temple Israel of Great Neck, and has held a number of roles with the Manhattan chapter of the UJA Federation, most recently as co-chair of Connections, an arm of women’s philanthropy. She left teach-ing in 1975 to raise their two children and to concentrate on the family’s charitable inter-ests, as well as to further her own education. She earned her Masters in Social Work in 1991. Wendy and Jeff have done so much for our community, and have helped countless individ-uals along the way. They are most deserving of this wonderful recognition from the Hebrew Home and I want to congratulate them both on this great honor. f 
IN HONOR OF BARBARA BUSH MIDDLE SCHOOL, IRVING, TEXAS 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Barbara Bush Middle School lo-cated in the Valley Ranch area of Irving, Texas. This prestigious school was named after America’s former First Lady, Barbara Bush, in honor of her commitment to public education and the good of all children. Bar-bara Bush Middle School opened its doors during the fall of 1998 as the sixth middle school in the Carrollton-Farmers Branch Inde-pendent School District. In 2010, the campus was authorized as an International Bacca-laureate World School offering the Middle Years Program. This institution serves and celebrates a wonderfully diverse community and student body. As they soon celebrate their twenty year an-niversary, Barbara Bush Middle School, home of the Broncos, has accrued numerous acco-lades in Academics, Fine Arts, Athletics, and individual accomplishments at both the local and state levels. Students participate and compete in a wide array of activities within the University Interscholastic League: orchestra, band, choir, theatre, basketball, cheerleading, football, track and field, volleyball, soccer, art, writing, oral reading, and spelling. The awards that the school has earned includes medals from the Special Olympics Competition in bowling and track and field, progression belts in the Kick Start Karate Program, and even the awarding of ‘‘Ambassador of the Year’’ by the Friends of Texas Public Schools to Prin-cipal Matthew Warnock in 2012. Barbara Bush Middle School is fortunate to receive significant and ongoing support from the community’s civic organizations, churches, businesses and their own Parent-Teacher As-sociation in the form of scholarships, grants, volunteer hours and donations. The school, on average, has about eighty students each year take part in a mentorship program made pos-sible by local churches and Big Hope, as well as gifts of school supplies and other neces-sities often given to students by local busi-nesses. To help foster global caring and re-sponsibility, and to show appreciation for all that is done on behalf of the school, the Bar-bara Bush Middle School Broncos have enthu-siastically contributed thousands of dollars and other items to numerous local, national and international charities such as: The Pulsera Project-Color the World, Limbs International, Operation Kindness, UNICEF, North Texas Food Bank, Metrocrest Services, American Heart Association, Children Cancer Fund, and victims of natural disasters such as Hurricanes Katrina and Harvey. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15NO8.028 E15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1577 November 15, 2017 
The teachers, staff, and students of Barbara Bush Middle School constantly strive to honor the former First Lady’s legacy, which is cap-tured in their school’s motto, ‘‘It’s a great day to be a Bronco at Barbara Bush Middle School where our number one goal is high achieve-ment for each student!’’ Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent the fine members of Bar-bara Bush Middle School. I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in wishing the school continued success in all of its endeav-ors. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE SENTINEL OF SAFETY AWARD WINNERS 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize twenty mining companies awarded the National Mining Association’s (NMA) Senti-nels of Safety award, the oldest occupational safety and health award in our nation. Pre-sented annually, the award recognizes mines that have worked the most employee hours in a year without experiencing an injury. In addition to the Sentinels award, the Na-tional Institute for Occupational Safety and Health recognized three mining companies that ‘‘have made an extraordinary effort to apply technology or improve processes in in-novative ways, above and beyond mandatory requirements, to improve mine worker safety and health.’’ The Sentinels award was created in 1925 by a mining engineer, then-Secretary of Com-merce and future President Herbert Hoover, who desired to ‘‘stimulate greater interest in safety among the nation’s mineral extractive industries and to encourage the development of more effective accident prevention pro-grams by according national recognition to op-erations achieving outstanding safety records.’’ The U.S. mining industry continues to make great strides in safety performance. Last year, 85 percent of the more than 11,000 mines in our country operated without a single injury. This year’s Sentinels award winners are the top twenty operations among the 3,500 mines operating without a single injury. The National Mining Association continues to be a leader in mine safety and health. Our miners are indeed a precious national resource serving as the front-end of the supply chain for the energy, minerals and materials that are indispensable to our standard of living and prosperity. We should be thankful for what they provide our great country and proud of them for being both more productive and safer than ever before. The following are the 2016 NMA Sentinels of Safety and NIOSH technology award win-ners: Freedom Mine—The Coteau Properties Co, Barrick Cortez—Barrick Cortez, Inc., South Arturo Mine—Barrick Goldstrike Mines, Inc., Barrick Cortez Underground—Barrick Cortez, Bull Mountains Mine No. 1—Signal Peak Energy, LLC, Briggs Plant—Fordyce Holdings, Inc., Murphy Plant—Fordyce Hold-ings, Inc., Ceredo Dock—Kanawha River Ter-minals, LLC, Cargill Deicing Technology, Cleveland—Cargill, Inc., St. Genevieve Facil-ity—Tower Rock Stone Co., Portage Aggre-gate & Supply LLC, Curtin Gap Quarry—Han-son Aggregates Pennsylvania LLC, Siderite Mine—Sidco Minerals Inc., Coon Cedar Grove Mine—Marfork Coal Co., LLC, Buick Mine/ Mill—The Doe Run Co., Decker’s Creek Lime-stone Co—Decker’s Creek Limestone Co., Kinross Gold, Freeport-McMoRan, Peabody. On behalf of Alabama’s First Congressional and the entire House, I applaud this year’s winners and look forward to continuing to ad-vocate for the health and safety of our miners throughout my time in Congress. f 
TRIBUTE TO MRS. RUBIE ELLA NIXON SCHUMPERT 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a great South Carolinian and accom-plished educator who will celebrate her 100th birthday on November 22nd. Mrs. Rubie Ella Nixon Schumpert is the third of nine children born to Mr. Sumter Nixon and Mrs. Ella Bell Suber Nixon on November 22, 1917. She received her elementary education in South Carolina and Maryland, and her high school education at Harbison Institute in Irmo, South Carolina where she was class valedic-torian. She attended Barber-Scotia and Benedict colleges and obtained her Masters of Edu-cation degree from South Carolina State Col-lege. She did further studies at Wake Forest University and the University of South Caro-lina. Mrs. Schumpert earned certification in six areas of study: Elementary Education, Social Studies, English, Mathematics, French and Counseling. Mrs. Schumpert began her professional ca-reer in Lexington County, South Carolina, where she served as an elementary and high school teacher, head teacher and elementary school principal. Later in her career, she worked in Richland County School District One at C.A. Johnson High School as a guid-ance counselor and was chair of the Math De-partment. While at C.A. Johnson, Mrs. Schumpert co-authored a mathematics text-book through a federal grant for non-college bound students through the University of South Carolina. She recorded television lessons for the U.S. military to help young soldiers achieve suc-cess in algebra courses. She also served on Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS) committees evaluating schools across the state of South Carolina. Upon retiring from the District One School System, Mrs. Schumpert worked at Benedict College as a professor of mathematics for ten years. She has long been active in the community serving on numerous professional and civic organiza-tions. Mrs. Schumpert was married to the late John Barton Schumpert, and they had two daughters, LaVerne S. (Alphonso) Bassard and LaMaris S. Mack. She also has four grandchildren and five great grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I began my professional ca-reer as a classroom teacher in the public schools of South Carolina, and I have always revered the profession of educator, especially those at the grade school level. I am honored to pay tribute to this great educator, Mrs. Rubie Ella Nixon Schumpert and ask that you and my colleagues join me I wishing her a Happy 100th birthday. f 
HONORING HEBREW HOME 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 15, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is a true privi-lege for me to honor one of the great institu-tions in my district, the Hebrew Home, which this year is celebrating its remarkable 100th Anniversary. Operated by RiverSpring Health, The He-brew Home for the Aged’s history dates back to 1917, when a group of civic minded individ-uals began providing shelter for poor, aging immigrants in a small synagogue in Harlem. As the needs of the community grew, so did the Hebrew Home. They expanded their reach by moving to a beautiful 32–acre campus in Riverdale, where they then became known as the Hebrew Home at Riverdale. From there, the Hebrew Home’s services continued to expand. Today they offer many options to meet the evolving needs of older adults. In addition to their award winning nurs-ing care, their care solutions include assisted living, independent living, rehabilitation serv-ices, care management, home care options, and specialized programs including elder abuse prevention. With a comprehensive and caring approach to healthy aging, the RiverSpring Health family of care solutions of-fers help and support to over 12,000 resi-dents, patients, and members, empowering them to live the fullest lives they can each and every day. Of course, to meet its mission of helping older adults live full lives the Hebrew Home must maintain strong leadership. It starts at the top with Dan Reingold, the CEO and President of Hebrew Home, who has been in-strumental in the Home’s continued success and sterling reputation. Dan and his team have done tremendous work day after day and I am proud to call him a friend. As Congressman for the Northwest Bronx I am truly fortunate to have such a wonderful in-stitution working with me as a partner in the community. With their countless years of ex-pertise, a commitment to healthy aging, and compassion for our communities, the RiverSpring Health team has been dedicated to helping families live forward, every day. Congratulations to the entire Hebrew Home organization on 100 years of exemplary serv-ice to the community. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15NO8.032 E15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1578 November 15, 2017 
any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, No-vember 16, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
NOVEMBER 28 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Jerome H. Powell, of Maryland, to be Chairman of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System. SH–216 DECEMBER 6 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine firearm ac-cessory regulation and enforcing Fed-eral and state reporting to the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 664, to approve the settlement of the water rights claims of the Navajo in Utah, to authorize construction of projects in connection therewith, and S. 1770, to approve the settlement of water rights claims of the Hualapai Tribe and cer-tain allottees in the State of Arizona, to authorize construction of a water project relating to those water rights claims. SD–628 DECEMBER 13 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold hearings to examine the con-sumer welfare standard in antitrust. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M15NO8.000 E15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D1221 Wednesday, November 15, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7225–S7268 Measures Introduced: Ten bills and three resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2126–2135, and S. Res. 332–334.
                                                       Page S7262 
Measures Passed: Criminal Antitrust Anti-Retaliation Act: Senate passed S. 807, to provide anti-retaliation protections for antitrust whistleblowers.
                        Pages S7266–67 
VALOR Act: Senate passed H.R. 3949, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the des-ignation of State approving agencies for multi-State apprenticeship programs for purposes of the edu-cational assistance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
                                                         Page S7267 
VA Prescription Data Accountability Act 2017: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1545, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to disclose certain patient information to State controlled substance monitoring programs, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                            Page S7267 
USNS Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams: Senate agreed to S. Res. 332, commemorating the christening of the USNS Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams.
        Page S7265 
Permitting the Collection of Charitable Items: Senate agreed to S. Res. 333, permitting the collec-tion of clothing, toys, food, and housewares during the holiday season for charitable purposes in Senate buildings.
                                                                       Page S7265 
Authorizing the Taking of a Photograph: Senate agreed to S. Res. 334, authorizing the taking of a photograph in the Senate Chamber.
                 Page S7265 
Otting Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comptroller of the Currency, Depart-ment of the Treasury.
                                              Page S7231 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 54 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. 276), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.                                                                  Page S7231 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thurs-day, November 16, 2017.
                                     Page S7267 
Nominations—Agreement: A unanimous-consent- time agreement was reached providing that notwith-standing Rule XXII, that at 11:30 a.m., on Thurs-day, November 16, 2017, there be 30 minutes of post-cloture time remaining on the nomination of Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, equally di-vided between the two Leaders, or their designees; that following the use or yielding back of that time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination; and that following disposition of the nomination of Jo-seph Otting, Senate vote on the pending motions to invoke cloture on the nominations of Donald C. Coggins, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina, and Dabney Langhorne Friedrich, of California, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia, in the order filed, and that if cloture is invoked, the post-cloture time on the nominations run consecu-tively.
                                                                               Page S7255 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 89 yeas to 6 nays (Vote No. EX. 274), Mark T. Esper, of Virginia, to be Secretary of the Army. 
                                                                                    Pages S7229–30 
By 52 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. EX. 275), David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Sec-retary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health. 
                                                                                    Pages S7230–31 
Bobby L. Christine, of Georgia, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Georgia for the term of four years. David J. Freed, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Pennsyl-vania for the term of four years.
         Pages S7266, S7268 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7261 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7261 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15NO7.REC D15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1222 November 15, 2017 
Executive Communications:                             Page S7261 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S7261–62 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7262–63 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7263–65 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7260–61 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S7265–66 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—276)
                                                 Pages S7230, S7231 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 7:04 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, November 16, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7267.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
PREVENT AND COMBAT OPIOID OVER MEDICATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs efforts to prevent and com-bat opioid over medication, after receiving testimony from Michael L. Missal, Inspector General, Laurence Meyer, Chief Officer for Specialty Care, Veterans Health Administration, and Friedhelm Sandbrink, Acting National Program Director for Pain Manage-ment, all of the Department of Veterans Affairs; and Marvin Simcakoski, Stevens Point, Wisconsin. BUDGET RECONCILIATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee completed its review of reconciliation legislation to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish and administer a competitive oil and gas program in the non-wilderness portion of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, known as the ‘‘1002 Area’’ or Coastal Plain, pursuant to H. Con. Res. 71, estab-lishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027, and agreed on recommendations which it will make to the Committee on the Budget thereon. REDUCING AIR EMISSIONS Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine promoting American leadership in reducing air emissions through innovation, after receiving testimony from Kipp Coddington, University of Wyoming School of Energy Resources, Laramie; and Ross Eisenberg, Na-tional Association of Manufacturers, and Zoe Lipman, BlueGreen Alliance, both of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee continued consider-ation of an original bill entitled, ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’, but did not complete action thereon, and will meet again on Thursday, November 16, 2017. ENCOURAGING HEALTHY COMMUNITIES Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine encour-aging healthy communities, focusing on perspective from the Surgeon General, after receiving testimony from Vice Admiral Jerome M. Adams, Surgeon Gen-eral of the Public Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services. NOMINATIONS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Mitchell Zais, of South Carolina, to be Deputy Secretary, and James Blew, of California, to be Assistant Secretary for Planning, Evaluation, and Policy Development, both of the Department of Education, and Kate S. O’Scannlain, of Maryland, to be Solicitor, and Preston Rutledge, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of Labor, after the nominees, who were introduced by Senator Alexander, testified and an-swered questions in their own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Claria Horn Boom, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern and Western Districts of Kentucky, Rebecca Grady Jennings, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Kentucky, and Robert Earl Wier, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Kentucky, who were all intro-duced by Senator McConnell, John W. Broomes, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas, who was introduced by Senator Roberts and Moran, James C. Ho, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, and Don R. Willett, of Texas, to be a Circuit Judge, United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf, and after receiving testimony from Pamela A. Bresnahan, American Bar Association, Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15NO7.REC D15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1223 November 15, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4395–4415; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 621–624 were introduced.
                 Pages H9375–76 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H9377–78 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4174, to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to require Federal evaluation activities, improve Federal data management, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–411); and H.R. 659, to amend the Clayton Act and the Fed-eral Trade Commission Act to provide that the Fed-eral Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attorney General exercises such authority (H. Rept. 115–412).
                                                                      Page H9375 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Bost to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H9257 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:09 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H9264 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Dr. Glynn Stone, Mobberly Baptist Church, Longview, Texas.
                                     Page H9264 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Monday, November 13th. Connected Government Act: H.R. 2331, amend-ed, to require a new or updated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mobile friendly, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 423 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 634.
                    Page H9280 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, November 16th.
            Page H9281 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Foundations for Evidence-Based Policymaking Act of 2017: H.R. 4174, amended, to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to require Federal evaluation activities, and improve Federal data man-agement;
                                                                 Pages H9281–91 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’: H.R. 3369, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Caro-lina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’;                                                                                     Pages H9291–92 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Of-fice’’: H.R. 1207, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’;
                                                                   Pages H9292–93 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’: H.R. 2873, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’;
                                               Pages H9293–94 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins Post Office’’: H.R. 3893, amended, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins Post Office’’;
             Pages H9295–96 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H9296 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fair-view, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’: H.R. 2672, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 423 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 636; 
                                                                      Pages H9296, H9301–02 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zachary Addington Post Office’’: H.R. 3821, amended, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zachary Addington Post Office’’, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 420 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 635; and
                                    Pages H9296–97, H9300–01 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15NO7.REC D15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1224 November 15, 2017 
located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘Zack T. Addington Post Office’.’’ .
        Page H9301 
Amending the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act to authorize additional emergency uses for medical products to reduce deaths and severity of injuries caused by agents of war: H.R. 4374, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize additional emergency uses for medical products to reduce deaths and severity of injuries caused by agents of war.
                         Pages H9297–H9300 
Recognizing the deep and abiding friendship be-tween the United States and Israel: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Con. Res. 92, as amended by Representative Royce, recognizing the deep and abiding friendship between the United States and Israel.
                               Page H9302 
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act: The House considered H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. Further proceedings were post-poned.
                                                  Pages H9269–81, H9302–61 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–39 shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill.
    Page H9269 
H. Res. 619, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 235 ayes to 191 noes, Roll No. 633, after the pre-vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 193 nays, Roll No. 632. 
                                                                      Pages H9269, H9279–80 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’: H.R. 3109, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’. 
                                                                                    Pages H9294–95 
Senate Referral: S. 534 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H9269 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page9269. Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9279, H9279–80, H9280, H9301, H9301–02. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 9:23 p.m. Committee Meetings 
2018 VETERANS AFFAIRS ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies held a hearing entitled ‘‘2018 Veterans Af-fairs Electronic Health Record’’. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Veterans Affairs officials: David J. Shulkin, Secretary; John H. Windom, Program Executive, Electronic Health Record Modernization; and Scott R. Blackburn, Ex-ecutive in Charge, Office of Information and Tech-nology. EXAMINING THE POLICIES AND PRIORITIES OF THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Poli-cies and Priorities of the U.S. Department of Labor’’. Testimony was heard from R. Alexander Acosta, Sec-retary, Department of Labor. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment held a markup on H.R. 1917, the ‘‘Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of 2017’’; H.R. 453, the ‘‘Relief from New Source Performance Standards Act of 2017’’; H.R. 350, the ‘‘Recognizing the Protection of Mo-torsports Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1119, the ‘‘Satis-fying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment Act’’. H.R. 1917, H.R. 453, and H.R. 350 were or-dered reported, without amendment. H.R. 1119 was ordered reported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee com-pleted a markup on H.R. 1153, the ‘‘Mortgage Choice Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1638, the ‘‘Iranian Lead-ership Asset Transparency Act’’; H.R. 3093, the ‘‘In-vestor Clarity and Bank Parity Act’’; H.R. 3221, the ‘‘Securing Access to Affordable Mortgages Act’’; H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3978, the ‘‘TRID Im-provement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4015, the ‘‘Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4247, the ‘‘Restoring Financial Market Free-dom Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4248, to amend the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 to repeal certain disclo-sure requirements related to conflict minerals, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15NO7.REC D15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1225 November 15, 2017 
for other purposes; H.R. 4258, the ‘‘Family Self-Suf-ficiency Act’’; H.R. 4263, the ‘‘Regulation A+ Im-provement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4267, the ‘‘Small Business Credit Availability Act’’; H.R. 4270, the ‘‘Monetary Policy Transparency and Accountability Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4278, the ‘‘Independence from Credit Policy Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4279, the ‘‘Ex-panding Investment Opportunities Act’’; H.R. 4281, the ‘‘Expanding Access to Capital for Rural Job Cre-ators Act’’; H.R. 4289, to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to repeal certain disclosure requirements related to coal and mine safety; H.R. 4292, the ‘‘Financial Institu-tion Living Will Improvement Act’’; H.R. 4293, to reform the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Re-view process, the Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test proc-ess, and for other purposes; H.R. 4294, the ‘‘Preven-tion of Private Information Dissemination Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4296, to place requirements on oper-ational risk capital requirements for banking organi-zations established by an appropriate Federal bank-ing agency; H.R. 4302, the ‘‘Congressional Account-ability for Emergency Lending Programs Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4324, the ‘‘Strengthening Over-sight of Iran’s Access to Finance Act’’. H.R. 1638, H.R. 4292, H.R. 4279, and H.R. 4293 were or-dered reported, as amended. H.R. 4258, H.R. 4324, H.R. 4270, H.R. 4278, H.R. 4302, H.R. 1153, H.R. 3093, H.R. 3221, H.R. 3978, H.R. 4294, H.R. 4296, H.R. 4015, H.R. 4248, H.R. 4263, H.R. 4267, H.R. 4281, H.R. 3299, H.R. 4247, and H.R. 4289 were ordered reported, without amend-ment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a markup on H. Res. 336, reaffirming a strong com-mitment to the United States-Mexico Partnership; H. Res. 401, urging China, South Korea, Vietnam, Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia, Cambodia, Laos, India, and all nations to outlaw the dog and cat meat trade and to enforce existing laws against the trade; H. Res. 407, condemning the persecution of Christians around the world; H.R. 1164, the ‘‘Taylor Force Act’’; H.R. 1415, the ‘‘End Neglected Tropical Diseases Act’’; H.R. 2712, the ‘‘Palestinian International Terrorism Support Prevention Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3542, the ‘‘Hamas Human Shields Pre-vention Act’’; H.R. 3776, the ‘‘Cyber Diplomacy Act of 2017’’; and H. Con. Res. 90, condemning ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya and calling for an end to the attacks in and an immediate restoration of humanitarian access to the state of Rakhine in Burma. H. Res. 336 was ordered reported, without amendment. H. Res. 401, H. Res. 407, H.R. 1164, H.R. 1415, H.R. 2712, H.R. 3542, H.R. 3776, and H. Con. Res. 90 were ordered reported, without amendment. DEVELOPMENT FINANCE IN ASIA: U.S. ECONOMIC STRATEGY AMID CHINA’S BELT AND ROAD Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘Develop-ment Finance in Asia: U.S. Economic Strategy Amid China’s Belt and Road’’. Testimony was heard from Jonathan N. Stivers, Commissioner, U.S.-China Eco-nomic and Security Review Commission; and public witnesses. MAXIMIZING THE VALUE OF CYBER THREAT INFORMATION SHARING Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Maximizing the Value of Cyber Threat Information Sharing’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 170, the ‘‘Protect and Grow Amer-ican Jobs Act’’. H.R. 170 was ordered reported, as amended. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-dian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing on H.R. 212, the ‘‘EFFECT Act’’; H.R. 2320, the ‘‘Samish Indian Nation Land Conveyance Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3225, the ‘‘Oregon Tribal Eco-nomic Development Act’’. Testimony was heard from John Tahsuda III, Acting Assistant Secretary— Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior; and pub-lic witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 801, the ‘‘Route 66 National Historic Trail Designation Act’’; H.R. 2888, the ‘‘Ste. Genevieve National Historical Park Establishment Act’’; H.R. 3979, the ‘‘Keep Amer-ica’s Refuges Operational Act’’; and H.R. 4266, the ‘‘Acadia National Park Boundary Clarification Act’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives LaHood, Smith of Missouri, Jeffries, and Poliquin; Sue Masica, Acting Deputy Director for Operations, Na-tional Park Service; and public witnesses. RECOMMENDATIONS AND REFORMS FROM THE INSPECTORS GENERAL Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Recommenda-tions and Reforms from the Inspectors General’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15NO7.REC D15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1226 November 15, 2017 
Testimony was heard from Michael E. Horowitz, Chair, Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, Inspector General, Department of Justice; John Roth, Inspector General, Department of Homeland Security; and a public witness. THE FEDERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION REFORM ACT (FITARA) SCORECARD 5.0 Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Government Operations held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Federal Information Tech-nology Acquisition Reform Act (FITARA) Scorecard 5.0’’. Testimony was heard from Max Everett, Chief Information Officer, Department of Energy; Alison Doone, Acting Chief Financial Officer, Department of Energy; John Bashista, Director of Acquisition Management, Department of Energy; Barbara Helland, Associate Director of Advanced Scientific Computing Research, Department of Energy; Dave Powner, Director of IT Management Issues, Govern-ment Accountability Office; Jay Mahanand, Chief In-formation Officer, U.S. Agency for International De-velopment; Reginald Mitchell, Chief Financial Offi-cer, U.S. Agency for International Development; Wade Warren, Acting Deputy Administrator, U.S. Agency for International Development; Maria Roat, Chief Information Officer, Small Business Adminis-tration; Tim Gribben, Chief Financial Officer, Small Business Administration; and Althea Coetzee Leslie, Deputy Administrator, Small Business Administra-tion. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 4376, the ‘‘Depart-ment of Energy Research Infrastructure Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4377, the ‘‘Accelerating American Leadership in Science Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4378, the ‘‘Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4375, the ‘‘STEM Research and Edu-cation Effectiveness and Transparency Act’’; H.R. 4323, the ‘‘Supporting Veterans in STEM Careers Act’’; H.R. 4254, the ‘‘Women in Aerospace Edu-cation Act’’; and H.R. 3397, the ‘‘Building Blocks of STEM Act’’. H.R. 3397 and H.R. 4254 were or-dered reported, as amended. H.R. 4323, H.R. 4375, H.R. 4376, H.R. 4377, and H.R. 4378 were or-dered reported, without amendment. FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AND SMALL BUSINESSES: PROMOTING GREATER INFORMATION SHARING FOR STRONGER CYBERSECURITY Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Government and Small Businesses: Promoting Greater Information Sharing for Stronger Cybersecurity’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
TURKEY’S FAILING RULE OF LAW Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission concluded a hearing to examine the victims of Turkey’s failing rule of law, after receiving testi-mony from Jonathan R. Cohen, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs; CeCe Heil, American Center for Law and Justice, Franklin, Tennessee; Nate Schenkkan, Freedom House, New York, New York; and Jacqueline Furnari, Chapel Hill, North Carolina. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: business meeting to consider the nomination of Glen R. Smith, of Iowa, to be a Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of John C. Rood, of Arizona, to be Under Secretary for Policy, and Randall G. Schriver, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the Depart-ment of Defense, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine Coast Guard readi-ness, focusing on how far we can stretch our Nation’s only multi-mission, military force, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Finance: business meeting to continue con-sideration of an original bill entitled, ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’, 9 a.m., SH–216. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 2070, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alz-heimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism, and the nominations of Leonard Steven Grasz, of Nebraska, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Terry A. Doughty, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Lou-isiana, Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, and Scott W. Brady, to be United States Attorney for the Western Dis-trict of Pennsylvania, and Andrew E. Lelling, to be United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts for the term of four years, both of the Department of Jus-tice, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15NO7.REC D15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1227 November 15, 2017 Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘The Race to 5G and its Potential to Revolutionize American Competitiveness’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15NO7.REC D15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1228 November 15, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, November 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 12 noon. Following disposition of the nomination of Joseph Otting, Senate will vote on the motions to invoke cloture on the nominations of Donald C. Coggins, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina, and Dabney Langhorne Friedrich, of California, to be United States District Judge for the District of Co-lumbia, in the order filed. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9:00 a.m., Thursday, November 16 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Complete consideration of H.R. 1—Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1569 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E1577 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E1573, E1576 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1571 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E1577 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E1571 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1572, E1573, E1575, E1576, E1577 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E1570, E1575 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E1572 Grijalva, Rau´l M., Ariz., E1569 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1572 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E1569, E1571, E1574 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1573 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1576 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1574 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1574 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1570, E1572, E1575 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1576 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1570 Perry, Scott, Pa., E1574 Rutherford, John H., Fla., E1570 Smith, Adam, Wash., E1575 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1569, E1572 Walz, Timothy J., Minn., E1570 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Nov 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D15NO7.REC D15NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST