Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7091 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 2017 No. 144 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
ARTON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, September 7, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OEBAR-
TONto act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
HONORING ED GILROY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and say farewell to a member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce staff who has dedicated more than 20 years of public service to the people’s House. Ed Gilroy began his congressional ca-reer on the staff of former Congress-man Rod Chandler of Washington, but most of us know him for his nearly 16 years of service as the committee’s Di-rector of Workforce Policy. Ed led our efforts to expand access to affordable healthcare for small-busi-ness employees, provide moms and dads more flexibility in the workplace, and protect the rights of workers and em-ployers. When we think about the pas-sage of the bipartisan Pension Protec-tion Act in 2006 and the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act of 2014, we have to think of Ed. Ed Gilroy has been a trusted adviser, dedicated public servant, distinguished colleague, and an invaluable member of our committee family. We are deeply grateful for his many years of service to the American people and the U.S. House of Representatives, and we wish him all the best in the years ahead. 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FIRST CHARTER  
SCHOOL  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, 25 years ago, something monumental occurred for students and families who were seeking a new way to pursue a high-quality education. Twenty-five years ago, our Nation’s first charter school, the City Academy, opened its doors in St. Paul, Minnesota. City Academy began a new era for school choice and provided fam-ilies with an alternative option to the traditional public school system. Today, over 3 million students are en-rolled in charter schools, and more than 6,800 have opened in over 40 States. Charter schools are not only growing as an option for students, but these schools are also getting results. Inno-vative charter schools are providing thousands of students and families with the hope and opportunity that they can receive a high-quality edu-cation and gain the skills they need to succeed for the future. I congratulate City Academy for being a true pioneer in school choice 25 years ago and support the expansion of school choice for American students and families. HONORING ALEXANDER FURNITURE ACADEMY  
Mr. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the efforts of the CVCC Alex-ander Furniture Academy, located in Taylorsville, North Carolina. This fan-tastic facility hosts a program where students are taught the basic skill lev-els required to gain employment as a sewing operator or upholstery crafts-man within the furniture trade. Under the leadership of Center Direc-tor Eunice Mays and thanks to the generous scholarships awarded by many groups like Craftmaster Incor-porated, AHFA, and others, nearly 50 students have graduated, and almost all are now employed. I wholeheartedly commend Eunice and the Alexander Furniture Academy as well as all of its sponsors for putting together a program that doesn’t just teach valuable skills to would-be job seekers, but a program that literally helps individuals build the skills they need to succeed from the bottom up. In the last 6 months, students have crafted 90 sofas and chairs and 20 loveseats which have been sold. The profits from the students’ creations are invested in scholarships and help to keep the academy open. I commend the Catawba Valley Com-munity College Alexander Furniture Academy teachers, staff, and students on this terrific program. 
f 
FUNDING FOR THE FAA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ASS) for 5 minutes. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my dissatisfaction at the majority’s failure to allow consider-ation of amendments I proposed to the appropriations bill that include fund-ing for the FAA. The Rules Committee did not forward those items so my col-leagues could consider and vote on them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.000 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7092 September 7, 2017 
My amendments represent beginning steps toward addressing what has be-come an intolerable level of noise from planes in my district. The amendments will not see debate in this body, how-ever, despite the fact that noise affects the health, well-being, and economic livelihood of people in every part of the country, whether they are Republicans or Democrats. When Congress directed the FAA to update how we control our airways, we were promised that, by reworking the Nation’s airspace and using satellite technology instead of radars, our Na-tion’s flight system would become not only more efficient, but cleaner and quieter. Next Generation systems were sup-posed to allow virtually automated air traffic control, eliminate circling over-head waiting for a landing slot, and fa-cilitate smooth gliding flight descents without noisy engine power. Plus, planes would be able to stay higher longer, and FAA’s published flight pro-cedures would specify minimum alti-tudes over heavily populated areas, meant to ensure that effects on the ground were minimized. That is not what we got. Eight of the country’s busiest and most complex metropolitan areas, called metro-plexes, have seen NextGen implementa-tion so far. Phoenix, North Carolina, and Washington, D.C., are just a few of the metroplex victims who have de-cided to take legal action against the FAA. The D.C. Circuit Court recently ruled in the Phoenix case, noting that the FAA had not paid enough attention to the effects of its actions. In every case, noise that used to be spread out across a wide area became concentrated over narrowed corridors, visiting misery on those living below. The best analogy I can offer is this: Imagine that all of the traffic using a 6-lane highway was narrowed to a sin-gle lane. The concentration of that much traffic would surely cause consid-erable problems. Well, that is exactly what has hap-pened in the southern California metroplex implementation. Areas that used to see planes flying overhead every 15 or 20 minutes now feel bombarded by flights as close together as every 3 minutes or less. As you can imagine, sometimes those planes and narrowed highways might get too close together. Air traffic con-trollers have to keep minimum separa-tion for the safety of all involved. But in order to adhere to that narrowed lane, controllers tell the pilots to devi-ate from the flight path by going down-ward. Sometimes they fly at half, or less, of what the minimum altitude is supposed to be. So planes that are sup-posed to fly at 6,000 feet may fly as low as 3,000 feet at a frequency of every 3 to 5 minutes. I hope that you can appre-ciate that that noise is intolerable. Film production of all types, whether TV commercials, movies, or videos, is an economic driver in my district. The neighborhoods of the 37th Congres-sional District have been used to rep-resent cities and towns across the con-tinent. Though you might not know it, I am sure you have seen both Culver City and the historic West Adams district, built over 100 years ago, in some of your favorite TV shows and movies. Unfortunately, the movie studios of Culver City and the homes of West Adams are directly under the new, nar-rowed flight path. Studios are com-plaining about having to move produc-tion from their back lots because of the noise. I have elderly constituents who have lived in their neighborhoods for dec-ades and who rely on income from loca-tion filming to help them remain in their homes. Film scouts have told them that the frequent loud plane traf-fic makes it impossible to film there anymore. At this point, countless American and European health studies have dem-onstrated the harms that come from exposure to noise—and at much lower levels than that experienced by people on the ground. The arbitrary and out-dated 65 decibel day/night level that the FAA uses to determine acceptable levels of exposure is calculated at an average of sound over a 24-hour period. Parents with young children have told me that their kids’ sleep patterns have been disrupted by unrelenting noise, enough to alter their academic performance. A health clinic serving the affected areas has begun to investigate whether a spike in reported health problems, in-cluding poor control of chronic condi-tions like hypertension, can be related to the constant exposure to excessive noise. The European Union standard for noise exposure at night is half of the U.S. level and is still cause for health concerns there. In the absence of consideration of my amendments, I invite my colleagues to join me and nearly 40 other colleagues in the House Quiet Skies Caucus, which is working to make progress on this important issue. My constituents and I know many of my colleagues’ constituents are suf-fering under the burden of excessive airplane noise as a result of the imple-mentation of the FAA’s Next Genera-tion project. We cannot and must not sacrifice the health of those on the ground in the name of airline effi-ciency. 
f 
CALLING ON THE SENATE TO MAKE CTE A PRIORITY THIS FALL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, during the August in-dis-trict work period, I had the privilege of visiting CPI in Pleasant Gap, Pennsyl-vania. CPI is the Central Pennsylvania Institute of Science and Technology. I was proud that my colleague, Con-gressman RAJAKRISHNAMOORTHI of Illi-nois, was able to join me in Pennsylva-nia’s Fifth District at CPI on the first day of school. CPI was founded in 1969 to meet the career and technical education needs of high school students in Centre County. By combining academies with tech-nical training and industry-recognized certifications, CPI is uniquely poised to prepare students for rapid employ-ment and long-term career success. CPI offers more than 18 secondary pro-grams, over 60 in-house adult and con-tinuing education programs, and more than 350 online courses. In addition to exceptional classroom and hands-on instruction from a highly qualified, experienced faculty, CPI of-fers certification in a wide range of dis-ciplines, a notable advantage to CPI graduates and their employers. Congressman K
RISHNAMOORTHI and I were at CPI to talk about our bill, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. This House unanimously approved the bill in June, and I call on the United States Senate to make it a priority for this fall. Mr. Speaker, our bill is the first major overhaul to the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act in more than 10 years. The bipartisan leg-islation strengthens and improves ca-reer and technical education and gives Americans the skills they need to com-pete for in-demand jobs. This can be witnessed firsthand at CPI. This November, CPI will launch a new 2-year degree program: Natural Gas Compression—CAT/Ariel Emphasis Associate of Specialized Technology. The program is in partnership with the Cleveland Brothers, a Pennsylvania- based Caterpillar dealer, and Ariel Cor-poration, the world’s leading manufac-turer of natural gas compressors. CPI is currently accepting students for a November 28, 2017, start date. It is only one of two programs of its kind nation-wide. Ariel Corporation compressors and CAT engines are located in oil and gas fields throughout the world. Graduates of CPI’s natural gas compressor degree program will have an opportunity to work locally, nationally, and globally. Cleveland Brothers, Ariel, and gas in-dustry partners will be interviewing the NGC students after the first term. If pre-hired by the program’s industry partners, students will receive com-pany-sponsored tuition reimbursement. Mr. Speaker, this is exactly the type of career and technical education in-vestments we should be making and en-couraging. By educating Americans in high-demand fields, they can climb rungs on the ladder of opportunity and obtain family-sustaining jobs. I will continue to advocate for these important reforms that will benefit Americans from all walks of life. I urge the Senate to take up our bill without delay. It is important to close the skills gap and give every American a chance at having a fulfilling career. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.002 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7093 September 7, 2017 
b1015 Now, I want to thank my colleague, Congressman K
RISHNAMOORTHI , for traveling to Pennsylvania to see this program in action. I want to thank the staff of CPI for not only hosting us on the first day of school, but for working to educate students in their chosen fields. Mr. Speaker, I urge the Senate to act on this bipartisan bill without delay because it is critically important to closing the skills gap in this country, and above all else, it is a win for the American worker and American fami-lies. Let’s help all Americans learn to earn. 
f 
HONORING ARMY SPECIALIST MATTHEW TURCOTTE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago, on August 23, Army Specialist Matthew Turcotte was killed during a live ammunition exercise at Fort Car-son in Colorado. Specialist Turcotte was a lifelong resident of North Smithfield, Rhode Is-land. He joined the Army 2 years ago and was assigned to the 4th Infantry Division. He died a hero, having earned numer-ous medals for his service to our Na-tion, including the Army Achievement Medal and the Global War on Ter-rorism Service Medal. Last Saturday, hundreds gathered in Providence to give Specialist Turcotte a hero’s fare-well at his funeral mass. All of us know, who serve in this Chamber, that our country owes an enormous debt of gratitude to all who have served, and especially to those who have made the ultimate sacrifice on the altar of freedom. My thoughts and prayers are with Specialist Turcotte’s family today, es-pecially his wife, Megan, and his par-ents, Raymond and Liza. 
PRESIDENT TRUMP ’S DECISION TO TERMINATE  
THE DEFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD AR -
RIVALS PROGRAM  
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I also want to spend a moment to speak about President Trump’s decision to terminate the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. It is one of the cruelest in Presidential actions in recent memory. This was a shameful moment for our country. America has always stood as a beacon of freedom and opportunity, but not right now. The DACA program has allowed near-ly 800,000 DREAMers to work, study, and serve their communities and Na-tion. That includes nearly 1,300 DREAMers in my home State of Rhode Island. The DREAMers are workers and tax-payers. They pay $3 billion in taxes each year, including $2.6 million in my home State. They contribute $2 billion each year to Social Security and an-other $470 million to Medicare. They didn’t choose to come here. They were brought here by their par-ents as very young children. They love this country. They share our values. They are contributing to their commu-nities every single day. They are young men and women like Lesdin Salazar, a 22-year-old Rhode Is-lander who came here from Guatemala with her parents when she was 7 years old. Lesdin was a high school junior when President Obama signed an exec-utive order to establish DACA. She was later accepted to Rhode Island College, where she is paying out of pocket today to pursue a degree in teaching. Lesdin also works at Calcutt Middle School in Central Falls, Rhode Island, where she helps kids who need behav-ioral and emotional support, but she will have to give up this dream unless Congress acts. The same is true of Ana Abigail Molina, a 27-year-old Rhode Islander who came to the United States when she was just 6 years old. Today Ana works at Thundermist Health Center and has dreams of going back to school to become a surgical technologist. And like so many DREAMers, Ana doesn’t really remember much of the country where she was born. She considers her-self an American. Javier Juarez also considers himself an American, a young man who just graduated from Rhode Island College and is planning to attend graduate school on an academic scholarship at Brown University starting this fall. His dream is to one day attend Harvard Law School. Javier has been living in Rhode Is-land for 18 years. Before DACA, he couldn’t drive, get a good job, or go to college, but now he is the first member of his family to graduate from a 4-year university. He, too, will have to give up his American Dream unless Congress acts. And finally, Maribel Rivera Sosa, who came to Rhode Island from Mexico at the age of 9. When she graduated high school 5 years ago, Maribel didn’t think she would be able to attend col-lege, but just days later, when Presi-dent Obama established DACA, Maribel’s opportunities became limit-less. She was able to attend the Com-munity College of Rhode Island while working three separate jobs. After earning an associate’s degree, Maribel enrolled at Johnson & Wales Univer-sity, and her dream is to earn a mas-ter’s degree in health administration. Who among us thinks that someone who works three jobs shouldn’t be able to follow their dreams? This is just cruel. President Trump is ripping apart hundreds of thousands of families and injecting chaos and uncer-tainty into the lives of members of our community who know no other home than America. If Congress doesn’t re-place DACA with the Dream Act, it will result in $460 billion in lost eco-nomic activity over the next decade, including $61 million in Rhode Island. Republicans in Congress need to bring the Dream Act to the floor right now. We need a permanent solution, and I am proud to be a cosponsor of the bipartisan Dream Act. We need to bring that bill to the floor. Every Re-publican who disagrees with President Trump’s actions needs to tell Speaker RYAN to bring the Dream Act to the floor. This Congress must act in a manner worthy of a country that has inspired these young DREAMers and pass the Dream Act without delay. 
f 
AFGHANISTAN: EMPIRE STOPPER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on September 4, 4 days ago, The New York Times International Edition carried a story, entitled, ‘‘The Empire Stopper,’’ which said foreign powers have tried to control Afghani-stan since the 19th century. The story had a very interesting first paragraph: ‘‘When the American author James A. Michener went to Afghanistan to re-search his work of historical fiction ‘Caravans,’ it was 1955 and there were barely any roads in the country. Yet there were already Americans and Rus-sians there jockeying for influence.’’ Continuing the Times’ quote: ‘‘Later, the book’s Afghan protago-nist would tell an American diplomat that one day both America and Russia would invade Afghanistan and that both would come to regret it.’’ Michener wrote that 62 years ago. Since then, Afghanistan has been de-scribed many times as the ‘‘Graveyard of Empires.’’ This 17-year war in Afghanistan has always been more about money than anything else, and it should have been ended long ago. Many people wonder why we keep sending so many soldiers and military contractors to Iraq and Afghanistan. Well, it has always been about money, increased appropriations for the Defense Department, and huge profits for the contractors who hire re-tired admirals and generals. There have been so many examples of waste, fraud, and abuse in these Middle East wars that it is sickening. One re-cent example was reported this way by Newsweek: ‘‘U.S.-based security firm Sallyport Global has been accused by two former internal investigators of smuggling al-cohol, stealing, keeping two different account ledgers, and even human traf-ficking of prostitutes while executing an almost $700 million contract to pro-tect Balad Air Base in Iraq, The Asso-ciated Press reported Wednesday.’’ Military bases should be protected by military personnel, not highly paid contractors, but most Members of Con-gress are afraid to criticize anything the Defense Department does for fear of someone saying they are not ‘‘sup-porting the troops.’’ We now have over 11,000 troops in Af-ghanistan and probably that many or more contractors in addition to no tell-ing how many Federal civilian employ-ees. Then we are also paying more than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.005 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7094 September 7, 2017 
330,000 Afghan military and police per-sonnel. The international community is now providing 60 percent of the Afghan GDP, and almost all of these so-called peacekeeping—really, U.N. wars—the U.S. taxpayers are paying over 90 per-cent of the cost. When the so-called coalition bombs go astray killing civilians and women and children, they are really seen by the locals as being U.S. bombs, cre-ating even more hatred and resentment for our country. We have now had almost 2,500 young American soldiers killed in Afghani-stan and 20,000 wounded, many maimed for life. We have spent $1 trillion di-rectly on this war and even more indi-rectly. Mr. Speaker, the American people don’t want forever, permanent wars. This Afghanistan folly has lasted four times longer than World War II. We should have come home a long time ago. 
f 
PERSONAL STORIES OF DREAMERS IN PORTLAND The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I was standing next to J
OHN L
EWIS as we joined our Democratic col-leagues from the House and the Senate who delivered a spirited message of re-solve to fight Donald Trump’s cruelty towards almost 800,000 young Ameri-cans and, of course, several million other members of their families, their friends, their employers, who all had their lives turned upside down by Trump’s senseless, unnecessary deci-sion. Strange for somebody who professes to love the DREAMers, Trump is caught in his own trap. He clearly didn’t know what he was doing, trying to figure out ways to pass responsi-bility for his decision on to others. But, of course, that is sort of what we have come to expect from someone who appears to care only for himself. He was afraid, even, to deliver the message himself. Typical of Donald Trump, he outsourced the decision to Jeff Ses-sions, who Trump spent most of the summer demeaning. Now, I think there is a simple solu-tion: take it back. Donald Trump is fa-mous for mulligans on the golf course, do-overs. If he didn’t like the shot, he would just do it again. Well, let’s de-clare a DACA mulligan. Take it back. Yes, it might look foolish, but that really hasn’t stopped him before. In the meantime, the outrage builds: the community of faith, the business community, people across the country who are understanding the lunacy of this decision, its unfairness. But the most telling and powerful points are from the young DREAMers themselves. My colleagues have delivered this message from people whom they have heard from in their districts. I have countless ones that have been shared with us. Jamie, a 31-year-old father of two, a DACA recipient, was 12 when his fam-ily fled to the United States to escape poverty and corruption. For 9 years, he has dedicated his life to helping young people cope with these challenges. He is working with young people impacted by the issue, concerned about their mental health and their well-being. Eddie arrived from Mexico as a 1- year-old baby. He really didn’t under-stand the impact of being undocu-mented until he applied for college and was not eligible for Federal assistance, but eventually he attended and grad-uated from Portland State University; and he has become the first undocu-mented student admitted to Oregon Health & Science University School of Dentistry. Scheduled to graduate next year, he wants to be able to serve the community that raised him. Karla, arrived as a 4-year-old, is cur-rently a student, but whose concern is the message that is being sent to oth-ers whom she works with. DACA recipi-ents are not all young professionals or valedictorians. Some work in fast-food restaurants and are struggling to get through community college. She makes the point that some may call her a DREAMer, but she felt that the real DREAMers were her parents, who had the dream for her. They fought to come to this country to raise her and give her the opportunity to work, attend school, and live without fear of deportation. These are compelling stories, Mr. Speaker, but the one that stands out in my mind most clearly was one of my first meetings after the election. I was meeting with a number of the young DREAMers, listening to their concerns, their apprehensions. The conversation stopped with one young man who just said, ‘‘What country should I go to?’’ He had choices to go to Canada or Eu-rope. He was an accomplished student, ambitious. ‘‘What country should I go to?’’ I must admit, at the time, I counseled him to not give up on the United States too quickly. I wonder what he thinks today. 
f 
HONORING CLIFF GLOVER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of one of the Third Dis-trict’s most upstanding citizens, Mr. Cliff Glover. Mr. Glover passed away last month at the age of 104, but not before touch-ing countless lives in our community. His community service began at a young age in the Boy Scouts, an orga-nization that he would work with for the rest of his life, earning the rank of Life Scout and the Silver Antelope Award for his service to the organiza-tion. Mr. Glover also served his Nation in the Civil Engineer Corps of the U.S. Naval Reserve during World War II, working on the U.S. Naval Air Station in Jacksonville, Florida, now known as Cape Canaveral. b1030 In the private sector, Mr. Cliff suc-cessfully led the Batson-Cook Con-struction Company as it built many important buildings and developments throughout the southeast. I consider myself blessed to have known Mr. Glover personally, and his commitment to serving others helped inspire my own public service. I want to challenge all of my col-leagues, friends, and neighbors to carry on his legacy of serving others. f 
A 21ST CENTURY AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SYSTEM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) for 5 minutes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Well, Mr. Speaker, I was just reading a message from Citi-zens for On Time Flights. Now, I fly a lot and I would love to be on time more. They are talking about our aviation system here. Air traffic control is a World War II relic and say-ing that if we only would give it over to the private sector, i.e., the airlines, it would work better. Well, let’s see, a couple of things wrong with that statement. Number one, the greatest problem with air delays is weather. Now, actually, we are dealing with that technologically through a new system called Datacom, where, at our 55 busiest airports, the pilots and the air traffic controllers now can communicate by text and they don’t have to repeat over and over on the radio the messages; many fewer misunderstandings, easier to reroute. This has been implemented by the FAA. What is the number two cause? Oh, it is airline operations and sched-uling—the airlines themselves. They are the second greatest cause of delays, they, in themselves. So it turns out that Citizens for On Time Flights is actually funded by a group of airlines. Now, what is the bottom line here? Do we have a World War II relic, as Gary Cohn has said after he read some of this and heard this propaganda? No, actually. We have the most ad-vanced system in the world. We could fly planes today closer together using GPS technology called ADS-B and not use the older radar system, except—the system is up and running, except the airlines won’t pay to put the equip-ment in their planes. They say it is too expensive. So they are complaining about the FAA and saying they could do a better job, they could do it more efficiently, they could fly planes closer together, but they won’t invest in the equip-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.006 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7095 September 7, 2017 
Now, it is very expensive. For in-stance, American Airlines would have to spend 40 percent of last year’s bag-gage fees to equip every one of their planes so they could use this modern system—40 percent of their baggage fees. Wow, what a hit they would take for that. Now, what is the bottom line here? The bottom line is we fund the cur-rent system—the largest, most com-plex, most advanced in the world—with a tax on the tickets. It is a progressive tax; the more you pay for your ticket, the more you pay for air traffic con-trol, 7
1⁄2percent tax. For years the airlines have said to me: That’s our money. I said: What do you mean it’s your money? I pay the tax when I buy a ticket. They said: No. That’s our money. We should have it. In fact, a few years ago, when the FAA bill expired for 2 weeks because of a chairman named John Mica, every airline in America, except for one— when the 7
1⁄2percent tax went away for 2 weeks, every airline in America, ex-cept Alaska Airlines, raised their tick-et prices 7
1⁄2percent. So what is the bottom line of this bill? This bill—going to be pushed by the Republicans over here—would repeal the 7
1⁄2percent tax. That would be a $10 billion windfall for the aviation indus-try. And then what? How are we going to pay for it? Well, the private corporation will de-cide. Congress will have nothing to say about how it is paid for, and it is going to be paid for with a head tax. So you get on the plane; they will say: Oh, it’s 50 bucks to sit in that seat, to use the public airspace of the United States of America. That’s how the corporation is going to pay for it, with a head tax. So we go from a progressive tax to a regressive tax. If you buy a $50 ticket, you are going to pay 50 bucks to sit in the seat. So it is now $100. Today you would have paid $3.75. So that is the real bottom line here. It is not about efficiency. It is not bringing the system up to date. Now, they have done a great job with this propaganda, and the chairman of the committee has done a great job. They talk about those paper strips. They use paper strips in the traffic control towers. Well, yeah, we do. It works real well. We replaced them in the en route cen-ters, but we haven’t replaced them yet in the towers. It is infallible. It has worked forever. It is efficient. But we are going to go to electronic flight strips, and we are going to do it in a way that actually is going to improve the efficiency of the system and dis-patch planes better. Now, they say: Well, Canada has elec-tronic flight strips. Yeah, they did it for billing purposes because they charge per flight. They don’t, and are not going to, have the new system we are going to have, which is going to sort out all the planes by their future routes, every-thing as they depart from the airport, and it is going to be way more effi-cient. So, actually, the FAA is doing an ex-cellent job. And 7 to 10 years ago I never would have said that. But they have got it straightened out over the last 7 years. Randy Babbitt and Mr. Huerta have got it straightened out. It is working today. There is a GAO report, which I am re-leasing today, which the Republicans tried to repress, which says, in fact, the system is on time, on budget, and, in fact, privatization will delay the modernization of the system. So the House is going to push and the Republicans are going to push for a bill that actually is going to set us back in-stead of moving us forward into the 21st century air traffic control system. f 
HOUSTON STRONG The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago, a monster Category 4 hurricane named Harvey hit my home. It hit us very hard. And 2 days after the first blow, it hit us once again. It reversed course and hit us twice in the span of 2 days. It took out our schools, our shops, our homes, our pets, and the lives of over 50 Texans. But there is one thing that Harvey can never take from us, and that is, we are ‘‘Houston Strong.’’ Houston Strong is the Smith family. Annie was going into labor as her apartment was being swallowed up by floodwaters. She and her husband, Greg, were doctors. They prepared to have a home delivery of their first child. Their phone calls for help were unanswered. Annie called her church and, within an hour, a rescue truck drove up. That is her right there, being assisted on the rescue truck an hour after she made that call. Twelve hours later, their family grew by one. Their daughter, Adrielle, was born. The Smith family is Houston Strong. Houston Strong is Buster Stoker and the Cajun Navy. Buster and his buddies from Louisiana brought 14 boats to res-cue others in our disaster. Buster said: ‘‘There were a lot of submerged cars and street signs underneath us.’’ It re-minded Buster of cypress knees in the marshes at home. Buster rescued over 100 people, seven by seven. Buster and the Cajun Navy are Houston Strong. Houston Strong are our first respond-ers, our police officers, firemen, EMS drivers, our military, the entire Texas National Guard. And first responders include normal, everyday Texans like this man carrying a mother and her baby out of harm’s way. Texans are Houston Strong. Two days ago, I took a helicopter tour of the damage with Leader MCCARTHY . The crew on our Coast Guard helicopters rescued 2,000 people in harm’s way. And I am sure this scene was played out over and over in-side those helicopters—a neighbor, glad to be alive, her hand resting on a res-cuer’s shoulder. Our first responders are Houston Strong. Houston Strong is the thousands of volunteers who have been in shelters and churches and schools all through-out southeast Texas. I went to this high school, Cinco Ranch, in the Katy Independent School District. This was up and running within 24 hours of get-ting the go order. They had food, water, toiletries, clothes, and a smile. I saw on those people who lost every-thing smile after smile after smile be-cause of volunteers at shelters like Cinco Ranch High School. Shelters in Cinco Ranch are Houston Strong. I have saved the best for last. This young boy’s name is J.W. Claburn, IV. He lives in my district, Richmond, Texas. This young boy’s photo is ex-actly what I have been trying to con-vey these last 5 minutes. In closing, I will say that we—Amer-ica is strong, Texas is strong, and Houston is stronger because of Hurri-cane Harvey. 
f 
CONDEMNING PRESIDENT TRUMP’S DECISION TO END DACA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn in the strongest possible terms the President’s decision to end the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals program, also known as DACA. This issue should be very simple. These are children who were brought here by their parents, through no fault of their own. They grew up with our kids, attended the same schools, played on the same playgrounds, and learned to drive in our neighborhoods. These kids are Americans in their hearts and in their minds, just not on paper, yet. Beyond that, my faith, my con-science, my understanding of basic eco-nomics prevents me from supporting this cruel and inhumane decision by President Trump. If we are to love our neighbors as ourselves, we must remember that we, too, were once strangers in a strange land. Many of us have our own immi-grant stories, stories of how we became Americans. My family’s story begins like many of yours. My great-grandfather, Metro, was born in Austria in 1881, and my great-grandmother, Margaret Skrutt, was born in Ukraine in 1882. They got married and knew that they could find a better life in America; so, in 1906, they took a chance and came to Amer-ica, arriving on November 1, 1906. They settled in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania, because other Ukrainians already lived there. They joined the community, worked hard, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.008 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7096 September 7, 2017 
went to church, raised a family of Americans, including my grandmother, Anna Guryesh. My great-grandparents’ story is the story of America. It is the story of im-migration and immigrant families dreaming of a better life and making America great. It is the same story repeated 24 years later when Mary Anne McLeod boarded the Transylvania in Glasgow on May 2, 1930. Nine days later, she arrived in New York with $50 in her pocket. Eighty-six years later, her son was elected President of the United States of America. At the age of seven, a young woman left Cuba, fleeing communism. In 1989, she became the first Latina elected to Congress, and it is a privilege to serve with her. Melania Knavs was born in Slovenia. She first became a permanent resident, and then a citizen of the United States. This young lady, born in southeastern Slovenia, now lives in northwest D.C. as the First Lady of the United States of America. Daniel, one of my constituents who I helped with his DACA status: He works hard, pays his taxes, loves this coun-try, his country, as much as any other American. So many great Americans are Ameri-cans by choice, not by birth. This has made America the greatest, strongest, wealthiest country in the world. We can attract the best, the brightest, the most driven and the most talented. People like Dr. Elizabeth Stern was born in Kansas, but, in 1915, became an American. She drove forward our abil-ity to detect and treat cancer. b1045 Author Ayn Rand, a favorite of the Speaker, was born in 1905 in Russia, and came to the United States in 1926. Actress Natalie Portman, born in 1981 in Jerusalem, came to the U.S. as a toddler. Alonso Guillen was born in Mexico but died last week as an American hero working to save lives during Hurricane Harvey. At the last Olympics, Americans born in places like Australia, Kenya, and Poland brought home nine medals, including two gold for the United States. Their stories are all the same. They came to America seeking a better life and a better future. They contributed to our society and our culture. They made America great. Margaret and Metro’s story is Amer-ica’s story. America’s story is Mary Anne’s story and Daniel’s story. This is the story of us, the story of America. It is a story that no President’s pen can erase. America’s story is Melania’s, Ayn’s, and the story of Albert. We are America, and we are here to stay. No matter where you were born, we are America, and we are here to stay. No matter what language you speak to your mom in, we are America, and we are here to stay. We are America, and we are here to stay because America’s story is our story. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
HEROIN AND OPIOID USERS NEED ‘‘A WAY OUT’’ OF ADDICTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today full of sorrow and hope for those caught in the cycle of addiction to her-oin and opioids. This destructive plague is taking aim at Americans across the country— young and old, rich and poor, rural and urban. Nowhere is this more true than in the Chicagoland area, a hub for drug traf-ficking spreading across northern Illi-nois, the Midwest, and the United States. The collar counties of Chicago have felt it strongly. This year, in Will County alone, there have been 61 acci-dental overdose cases and 44 deaths from heroin and fentanyl overdoses. This is an extremely discouraging pace, surpassing previous years. The numbers are similar across the seven counties that I represent in the 14th Congressional District. Stories have been long untold, and it continues to gain national attention. It still haunts our communities today. I got involved in this issue more than 3 years ago when I met Ken Chiakas, who lost his 17-year-old daughter Stephanie to a heroin overdose. To-gether, we launched our community ac-tion plan on heroin, an analysis of our community leadership forum on the problem, an audit of existing and pro-posed community partnerships, and the next steps for our communities, our State, and our county. In the years following this initiative, I have hosted meetings with law en-forcement officers, treatment center workers, advocates for patients and lost loved ones, State and local govern-ment officials, emergency room physi-cians, pharmacists, and drug manufac-turers. Last month, my staff and I traveled throughout McHenry and Lake Coun-ties to hear from local officials first-hand who are experiencing this plague every single day. Law enforcement first responders are on the front lines fighting drug traf-fickers and dealers. They are also sav-ing lives by reviving abusers in the midst of an overdose through the use of naloxone. It is now common practice in these police and sheriff’s departments to have naloxone ready to be deployed in the hands of capable and trained of-ficers. Many lives have now been spared through its use. But even these encouraging numbers do not tell the whole story. Countless others live and struggle to fight heroin and opioid abuse every day in search of treatment and battling towards recov-ery. They know what it is like to face an overwhelming force controlling their lives. It affects their relation-ships, it affects their outlook on life, it affects their ability to obtain and keep quality jobs. Local officials expressed great con-cern at the loss of workforce, and the many months and years of career ad-vancement and experience those caught in addiction have lost. Busi-nesses are concerned by their search for qualified workers that doesn’t yield enough or any applicants. Families are concerned that, without adequate out-patient treatment, their loved ones are far more likely to relapse, compounding these workforce and com-munity problems. That is why, among other programs, Lake County law enforcement has worked hard to implement the ‘‘A Way Out’’ program. Police officers and sher-iffs’ deputies come into regular contact with those caught in heroin and opioid abuse, sometimes seeing the same of-fenders in police stations and prisons several times a month. Many of these men and women want to be free but don’t know how, and a police officer is the last person they think to ask for help. A Way Out em-powers police officers and opioid users to work together to end the destructive cycle of abuse, dependency, arrest, and relapse. The program is simple. Those who se-riously want help can ask for it from a police officer or at a police station and can receive help without fear of arrest or inability to pay for treatment. Offi-cers who see the destruction of opioids every day want to help. All that is required is for the person seeking treatment to choose the path of recovery. Individual motivation is essential to success. As of last summer, 15 people at 8 different police depart-ments have taken advantage of this initiative. Similarly, DuPage County launched Project Connect, a prearrest program through which individuals who have been administered Narcan are imme-diately offered treatment options and a case manager to see these men and women through to recovery. I am so encouraged by and proud of the success stories I hear throughout the 14th Congressional District every day. Hope is near when those in recov-ery see a vision of what their life can be like after dependency—a life filled with healthy relationships, challenging and meaningful work, and a clear sense of individual purpose. We must do all we can to offer this hope to those still suffering from her-oin and opioid addiction. Connecting affected individuals with the people and organizations best equipped to help them is paramount to overcoming this devastating epidemic. It remains my goal to make northern Illinois the hub of the best minds and the best practices in heroin and opioid abuse prevention, treatment, and re-covery. I look forward to sharing these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:45 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.010 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7097 September 7, 2017 
best practices and recommendations across other congressional districts and the communities that we are here to serve, and ultimately to see lives saved. 
f 
KEEP THE DOOR OPEN FOR DREAMERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, we all suffer when this country breaks its promises. But for our children, that cost compounds. They pay the interest on our inaction and inadequacy. They pick up the pieces of the precious things that we broke, the sacred re-sources we took for granted, the bat-tles that we were too afraid to fight. Time and again, by choice and by chance, they have not disappointed. Their broad shoulders carry twice as much twice as far. Their spines prove twice as sturdy as the adults meant to protect them. American history is littered with the names of young men and women, and even boys and girls, forced to be heroes before their time: the patriots of D- day, memorialized in a statue called the Spirit of Youth in Normandy; 14- year-old Emmett Till, lynched by a lie; Addie Mae Collins, Cynthia Wesley, Carole Robertson, all 14, and Carol Denise McNair, 11, four choir girls lost at the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing in Alabama. The Children’s Crusade. Little boys and girls, kids, who dared defy Bull Connor’s firehoses and attack dogs to be arrested and rearrested again and again as a Nation recoiled in horror. Nine African-American high school students from Little Rock marched into an all-White high school to prove that separate is not equal. Four college students from Kent State who gave their lives to a war- weary nation’s plea for peace. Thirteen-year-old Ryan White from Indiana who showed our Nation that an HIV diagnosis does not claim your dig-nity. The record number of men and women under the age of 21 who showed up at military recruiting stations in 2001, signing up to serve a nation reel-ing from terror on its soil. Nineteen-year-old Zach Walls who told us that love is love as he bravely defended his two moms before the Iowa State Legislature. Seventeen-year-old Lila Perry from Missouri who withstood the sting of stigma by being true to herself and her gender identity. Thirty-one-year-old Alonso Guillen, a Texan who traveled 120 miles from safety into the heart of Hurricane Har-vey’s fury on a volunteer rescue mis-sion, who gave his life so that others, strangers, might survive. His courage and sacrifice exemplify the best traits of our Nation. They place him squarely on the long list of young American he-roes who have carried us toward a more perfect union. But this week, President Trump slammed the door on 800,000 people like Alonso. DREAMers. Children raised in our neighborhoods, who run on our playgrounds, who pitch in our Little Leagues, who proudly march in 4th of July parades, who make lemonade stands, build snowmen, go to prom, and get summer jobs, who hit the books, who earn a living, who raise families of their own, who serve in our military, who give to this country just as much, just as faithfully as you or I. Now, our President told them that they are not wanted, that he would rather see them in handcuffs, their families ripped apart, their futures in limbo, sent to be strangers in a strange land. Mr. Speaker, sometimes this body has to make hard choices. Sometimes our solutions are complex. This is not one of those times. This one is easy. Our work comes down to a very simple question: What are we willing to ask our children to bear? We have the power in this body to say: Not this, not again, that we will not ask the youngest among us to force our country’s conscience to awake be-cause of the burden that we, the adults in the room, place on their shoulders. We can do better. We can be braver. We can change the course of that history. We will not stand here and leave it for future generations to wonder why we allowed such harm to pass. 
f 
KEEPING GUAM SAFE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, yes-terday I introduced a resolution with 21 of our colleagues from both sides of the aisle condemning the threats North Korea made against Guam last month—you can imagine the fear that we had during this period—but also re-affirming the United States’ absolute and unshakeable commitment to Guam’s security, as well as that of the Pacific States, the territories, and our Asia-Pacific allies. Mr. Speaker, this threat against Guam and, indeed, our entire Nation, was inexcusable, and it demands firm condemnation from this House of Rep-resentatives. My resolution sends a clear message that North Korea’s continued willful disregard for U.N. resolutions, inter-national agreements, sanctions, and arms controls in pursuit of its illicit nuclear weapons program will not go unanswered by our government. I remain fully confident in the defen-sive capabilities on Guam and in our region, but it is vital that we do all that we can to prevent a military con-flict with North Korea and ensure that its regime does not continue down this path of reckless and destabilizing nu-clear militarization. I want to thank my colleagues who have cosponsored this resolution with me, and I hope that the House leader-ship will quickly bring it to the floor for consideration, and I urge all the Members to support it. CALLING FOR THE HOUSE TO TAKE UP THE  
DREAM ACT  
Ms. BORDALLO. On a separate topic, Mr. Speaker, I also want to echo my Democratic colleagues in calling for the House to quickly take up a perma-nent legislation solution such as the Dream Act, H.R. 3440, and lift the veil of anxiety that has been placed on nearly 800,000 DREAMers who live in and contribute to our community. b1100 I know one of those DREAMers on Guam. Her name is Christine. She is a registered nurse on our island and works every day to save lives in our community. And it is easy, Mr. Speak-er, to hear the number 800,000 and for-get that these DREAMers are real peo-ple. They are individual children or young adults who study in our schools. They work. They pay taxes. So can you imagine how disruptive this must be in their homes? They are our neighbors, our coworkers, our children’s class-mates and friends. They are first responders, service-members, reservists, National Guards-men, active military who serve on the front lines in our military. They are nurses, and doctors, businessowners, and entrepreneurs, and all DREAMers contribute to the fabric of our great country of America. So I hope that we will give these DREAMers the security of knowing that they will not be deported from the country that they love and have called home for most of their lives. They are Americans in all but paper, and we should treat them with the same com-passion and love that they have for our great country. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO COACH ROBERT HUGHES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I was privileged to see something very spe-cial back in December of 1995 in Texas high school sports history. Now, before you think this is a story of ‘‘Friday Night Lights,’’ it is not. This happened on the hardwood court of the Wilkerson Greines Activity Cen-ter in southeast Fort Worth. Four coaching legends on the court, all with 1,000 wins each: Morgan Wooten of DeMatha Catholic High School; Ralph Tasker, Hobbs High in New Mexico; Bill Kruger of Clear Lake High School just outside of Houston; and Coach Robert Hughes, Sr., of Dunbar High School located in Stop Six, Texas. They squared off in an extraordinary basketball game. I would be remiss if I didn’t mention that of these four coaching legends, Coach Hughes has the most wins with over 1,300 victories. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Dec 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\H07SE7.REC H07SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7098 September 7, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, Friday Sep-tember 8, will mark another special moment in basketball history for Coach Hughes as he is inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in Spring-field, Massachusetts. Growing up in Fort Worth and having lived part of my childhood in Stop Six, I knew of Coach Hughes at a very young age. He was a legend before he retired. He is and was a master basket-ball strategist, coach, mentor to the boys he coached and the most promi-nent ambassador for high school sports in the State of Texas. When you would go to a Dunbar bas-ketball game and watch Coach Hughes work his craft, you ended up watching Coach Hughes as much as you watched the action on the floor. I saw this as a player that not only played against Coach Hughes, but also as a spectator and a fan for many, many years. Hughes and his longtime trusted as-sistant, Leonadas Rambo, fielded some great teams to rack up over 1,300 vic-tories. These wins were racked up at Dunbar High School and I.M. Terrell High School, which was shut down after desegregation. Coach Hughes would pace the floor while his teams ran up and down the court at a swift pace. He usually gave them lots of latitude when they made mistakes that he felt could have been avoided by using better judgment. It didn’t matter if you were the star point guard or the sixth man, he would stand up from the bench—and Coach Hughes always had his jacket unbuttoned—and with a look of disapproval on his face that was unmistakable, he would look down the bench—and I am going to say he would look down the bench with his signature look of tough love—and you knew that you were being pulled out of the game. There wasn’t anything that your mom or dad could do for you. That was the type of coach that Coach Hughes was. Coach Hughes earned the dedication of his players be-cause of the excellence that he ex-pected each and every day. I will never forget in one Whataburger Basketball Tournament in Fort Worth when Dunbar was play-ing Oak Hill Academy from Mouth of Wilson, Virginia. Oak Hill had at least five or six guys that were all over 6 foot 8, three of whom went on to major Division I careers at the University of Virginia and Kansas. Everybody at the gym that night, be-cause Coach Hughes didn’t have any-body over 6 foot 5, 6 foot 6, thought that Coach Hughes was outmatched. But with superior rebounding, pa-tience, and good shot selection, Dunbar won the game. I was there, and I viv-idly remember the audience being shocked, but inspired, by the victory. But no one should have been surprised. Once a reporter asked Coach Hughes who his favorite NBA player was, and it surprised everybody when he said Larry Bird was his favorite player. The reason why: he liked Larry’s legendary rebounding, fundamentals, blocking out, scoring, the type of things that may not have been fancy but led to vic-tories. But that is who Coach Hughes was. That was the kind of excellence Robert Hughes brought to coaching Fort Worth ISD and boys basketball in the State of Texas. And due to that fierce competitive streak in Coach Hughes’ Dunbar teams, they always made the playoffs. I will never forget one day Coach Hughes was quoted in the paper saying that the people who worked in the neighborhood, who worked at the var-ious jobs around town, at General Mo-tors, Miller Brewery, and Lockheed, they would always save up their vaca-tion time so they can go to the quar-terfinals and regional games in Mid-land, because everybody knew that Dunbar was at least going that far. And he could say that because it was true, and his teams could back it up. I will never forget one year when Dunbar didn’t make it that far and Coach Hughes shared his scouting re-port with another school. I believe it was Southwest High School. He shared his scouting report with the coach from Southwest of the team they were getting ready to take on in the playoffs because he felt that at least the other team in the Fort Worth Independent School District should have the chance to advance. That is the kind of class act he was on the court and he still is off the court today. The men that he made, Mr. Speaker, his former players include current win-ning high school basketball coaches and one of the top all-time assist lead-ers in high school and college sports history, James Cash, an I.M. Terrell graduate who was the first Black play-er in the Southwest Conference who went on to become the chair of the Harvard MBA program. In a State known for its Friday night lights, Mr. Speaker, there is not a sin-gle other person in high school sports who exemplifies this like Coach Hughes. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled with the opportunity to recognize the next member of the Basketball Hall of Fame, Coach Robert Hughes. Congratu-lations, Coach Hughes. Go Wildcats. Go I.M. Terrell. 
f 
REFORM CLOTURE RULE IN SENATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks after the 2016 election, I spoke on the House floor and warned that the greatest single obstacle to meeting the expectations of the American people was the cloture rule in the Senate. I said: ‘‘Voters elected Republican ma-jorities in both Houses of Congress and they expect action. They’ll get it from the President and from the House. But in order for the Senate to rise to this occasion, it must reform its cloture rule.’’ Well, it didn’t. Now, cloture is the Senate motion to conclude debate, and it is based on a sound parliamentary principle that as long as a significant minority—cur-rently, 40 Members of the Senate— want to continue to debate, that de-bate should continue. This principle as-sumes it is an actual debate between real people regarding the merits of the subject directly at hand, but that is not what cloture has become. Today, any Senator can block vir-tually any bill simply by filing a pro-test, and until 60 of the 100 Senators agree to take up the bill, it cannot be heard. Thus, a motion designed to pro-tect debate has now degenerated into a motion that very effectively prevents debate. It also hands practical control of the Senate to the Democratic minor-ity, which can effectively veto any pro-posal by the majority, essentially re-versing the result of the last election. This is not some act of God or con-stitutional constraint that has been forced upon the Senate. No, this is a deliberate choice by Senate Repub-licans not to reform their cloture rule. It has rendered the Senate dysfunc-tional and, with it, the Congress. Earlier this year, the Senate briefly recognized this and chose to reform cloture for Supreme Court nomina-tions, but not for the legislation abso-lutely vital to the interests of our country. The news yesterday that the Presi-dent has now had to capitulate to Democratic demands on the debt limit should come as no surprise. By failing to reform cloture, Senate Republicans have effectively given CHUCK SCHUMER  operational control of the Senate. That is how we got wrapped around the axle on repealing and replacing ObamaCare. The House could have passed a comprehensive bill that com-pletely and cleanly abolished ObamaCare and fully replaced it with all of the market and tax reforms that Republicans agreed with and cam-paigned on, popular reforms that put consumers back in charge of their healthcare decisions and placed those decisions within their financial reach. Instead, the House leadership chose to attempt this through a budget proc-ess called reconciliation, a process completely unsuited for complex policy reform. They did so for one reason: to bypass the Senate cloture rule. By ad-hering to the very limited and re-stricted requirements of budget rec-onciliation, the House produced a man-gled, tangled mess that fell well short of the reforms we had promised and, ul-timately, failed to receive even a sim-ple majority of the Senate. Those who supported this process ar-gued that a clean, complete, com-prehensive bill would have been dead on arrival in the Senate for lack of Democratic votes for cloture. Well, I doubt that. Quite the contrary. Had the House done its job through regular 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.015 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7099 September 7, 2017 
order rather than trying to cover for the Senate Republicans’ bad choice, one of two things would have happened: Senate Democrats would have been seen as the single obstacle to a pop-ular, comprehensive reform while ObamaCare continued to implode and, quite possibly, eight of the most vul-nerable Democrats would ultimately have crossed party lines and supported this rescue of our healthcare system; or, far more likely, Senate Republicans would have been forced to come to the same conclusion that they came to with respect to the Supreme Court nomination of Neil Gorsuch and reform this rule. Certainly, we couldn’t have been any worse off than we are today. I would ask that, henceforth, the House leadership stop covering for the Senate Republicans and move all of the legislation that we promised the Amer-ican people to the Senate through reg-ular order. It is time we left the man-agement of the Senate to the Senate, stopped enabling their atrocious judg-ment on not reforming cloture, and made it very clear to the American public why the reforms they entrusted us to enact aren’t being sent to the President. Senator Dirksen once noted, when they feel the heat, they see the light. It is time the House and the American people adopted this maxim. 
f 
HONORING FALLEN KISSIMMEE POLICE OFFICER MATTHEW BAX-TER AND SERGEANT RICHARD ‘‘SAM’’ HOWARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) for 5 minutes. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, it happened on a Friday night, August 18, that Ser-geant Sam Howard and Police Officer Matthew Baxter responded to a report of three suspicious persons around Palmway Street and Cypress Street in Kissimmee. I remember hearing about it. It was unfortunate because a vet-eran, a marine who lived in our com-munity, had a moment of post-trau-matic stress disorder and ambushed these two Kissimmee police officers, killing one nearly instantly and the other only a little over a day later. Officer Matthew Baxter was 27 years old. He grew up in Baltimore and moved to central Florida after high school. He had been with the depart-ment for only 3 years. He met his wife, Sadia, a detective of the Kissimmee Police Department, on the job. He left behind his wife and four young chil-dren, the youngest under a year old. He was courageous and passionate in his devotion to public service, and he was known as a sharp dresser and as someone with overwhelming con-fidence. Sergeant Richard ‘‘Sam’’ Howard was 36 years old, born and raised in Kis-simmee. He served in the Army and fought in Iraq. He was a 10-year vet-eran of the department and a member of our SWAT team. He left his wife, Billie Jo, and teenage daughter, Unique, behind. My wife and I got to visit his wife’s classroom and brought supplies to her students, knowing how difficult it was. He was a family man, hardworking, very optimistic, and quite the fast talker, as we were reminded by every-body during his wake. There are moments like these that test our will, our strength, our compas-sion. There are moments like these that test our community and even our faith. And more than we can ever imag-ine, there are moments like these that test the families of Sergeant Sam How-ard and Officer Matthew Baxter. We are here today and I am on the floor today to proclaim aloud what we already know in our hearts to be true. And make no mistake about it: these men were heroes, and we will never for-get their sacrifices. They are heroes because they got up every day and put on the Kissimmee Police uniform. They went out in our community every day to protect us. And, yes, they put themselves in harm’s way every day to keep us safe. These men are heroes because they were good family men. They were lov-ing husbands, great fathers, and they were pillars of our community. b1115 Yes, these men were heroes because when the moment came where they had to lay their lives on the line to protect our community, they did so without hesitation. For those reasons, we will never for-get Sergeant Sam Howard and Officer Matthew Baxter. On August 21, 2017, an American flag was flown over our Capitol in honor of Sergeant Howard, and on that same day, an American flag was flown over our Capitol in honor of Officer Baxter. These flags cannot take away the pain caused to their families. They cannot take away the pain caused to our community, to their fellow offi-cers, and to the police department in general. But they were flown over our Nation’s Capitol for a very good rea-son—to show that their lives matter, their sacrifices matter, and that their families matter. For that, they remain in our hearts, they remain in our thoughts, and they will always be in our prayers. God bless Sergeant Sam Howard, Of-ficer Matthew Baxter, and their fami-lies. God bless the city of Kissimmee, and God bless the United States of Amer-ica. 
f 
DEFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ARGAS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the recent deci-sion made by the Trump administra-tion to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, program. By ending the DACA program, this administration leaves 800,000 people, mostly young adults and children, without any legal protections. DACA gives these individuals, most of whom were brought to the United States as very young children, the op-portunity to work hard, study hard, sustain their families, and contribute to their communities. DACA recipients are taxpayers, they are students, they are soldiers, and they are our neigh-bors. I would like to mention one DACA recipient that I know. Her name is Jac-queline. Jacqueline was brought to the United States when she was 2 years old. She excelled in school and was an Ad-vancement Via Individual Determina-tion—or what we call AVID—student in high school. She did very well. She was a strong candidate for admission to many of our top universities. When DACA was announced in 2012, it helped Jacqueline come out of the shadows and pursue her educational dreams. She did exactly that, and now she is a double major. She is doing very well. DACA gave Jacqueline and her family hope for a better future. It gave her a chance at the American Dream. By ending DACA, this administration is taking away the hopes of 800,000 DREAMers like Jacqueline and threat-ening their deportation to countries that are very unfamiliar to them, places they may have never known— except, of course, when they were 2— and they have no family there. I would like to thank the religious leaders who have come forward and have urged us to do the right thing and to pass a law to allow these kids and these young adults to stay here and to participate in our community as they have been doing. I would like to read a letter now that was written by the religious leaders here in Washington to the President. As leaders of the three Abrahamic faiths, we look to our sacred texts and traditions in seeking to follow the way of peace. Our respective teachings are clear, and we speak with one voice when we say: Supporting the dreams of young immi-grants in the United States is consistent with the foundational values of our Nation and with the moral imperative of extending hospitality to the stranger, of caring for im-migrants and children, and of loving our neighbors as ourselves. Nearly 1 million young immigrants have benefited from the DACA program since its inception in 2012. Among that number, many of the program recipients are members of our respective faith communities as well as the communities we mentor in and around the Nation’s Capital. We have witnessed firsthand the relief and pride in our young people’s faces as they fi-nally came to feel validated and safe by par-ticipating in a program that made them feel more at home—in the only country that they have ever really considered their home. But now anxiety and fear for their future has returned. We note that DACA has widespread support across the country and among politicians who agree on little else, for good reason. DACA has dramatically improved the lives of these young people and the communities in which they live: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.016 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7100 September 7, 2017 
Ninety-five percent of the DACA partici-pants are working or attend high school; Sixty-eight percent of those working have seen their pay increase and, thus, are paying higher taxes; Fifty percent now have driver’s licenses, which makes the roads safer for everyone; Fifty-four percent have purchased their first car; and Twelve percent have purchased their first home. Rescinding DACA would have a wide-spread, devastating impact not only on a generation of industrious young people, but also on their families, communities, and our society as a whole. Thus, we add our voices to those urging you, Mr. President, to keep this policy in place until Congress puts in place a perma-nent solution. It is our collective prayer that in the com-ing months congressional leaders work to-gether to pass sensible and comprehensive immigration reform that our country so des-perately needs, including making the DACA program permanent. But until that time comes, the least that our country can do is to continue supporting our DREAMers. Keep DACA in place, Mr. President. Faithfully, The Right Reverend Mariann Edgar Budde, Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Wash-ington; Rabbi Bruce Lustig, Senior Rabbi of Wash-ington Hebrew Congregation; Imam Talib M. Shareef, The Nation’s Mosque; His Eminence Donald Cardinal Wuerl, Archbishop of Washington. 
Mr. Speaker, we can do the right thing. We can pass comprehensive im-migration reform, and we should. But at least we can pass DACA. I know, Mr. Speaker, that there is goodwill on both sides. Let’s come to-gether over this and do the right thing as our community leaders and as our religious leaders are asking us. 
f 
DEFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. A
GUILAR ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, today is not a good day for our Nation. Today, 800,000 young people across this coun-try are living in fear. They fear being ripped apart from the only home they have ever known. They fear being sepa-rated from their families, from their friends, and from the lives they have built here. They fear deportation, Mr. Speaker, and they live with this fear because President Trump has decided that the Federal Government is going to break its promise and turn its back on DREAMers. These are young men and women who did not break the law—they were brought to this country as children— who went to school here, who work here, and who pay taxes here. The Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, program brought these young people out of the shadows and offered them some relief. It gave kids who grew up here and who truly believe that America is their home a chance to lead normal lives and chase their dreams. The fact of the matter is, though, Mr. Speaker, that DACA did not go quite far enough. DREAMers are American by every measure except for their pa-perwork, and it is time that we offer them a path to citizenship. That is why I am here today to call upon my colleagues to bring the Dream Act back to the floor for a vote—no policy riders, no packages, just a straight up-or-down vote. Because if there are Members of this Chamber who still believe that DREAMers should remain in the shadows and that they should not have a chance to join our Nation as citizens, then they should stand up and be counted. Many of my colleagues here come from all walks of life. They have charted their own path, however dif-ficult it may be to join this House. DREAMers have earned that chance to carve their own path, too. They have earned the right to live without fear and in peace as Americans. Passing the Dream Act is the right thing to do, it is the moral thing to do, and, quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, it is the Amer-ican thing to do. f 
HURRICANE HARVEY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, on August 26, Hurricane Harvey began a path of unprecedented destruction across southeast Texas. The historic levels of rainfall were so extraordinary that the National Weather Service had to add new colors to its map graphics just to record it. As of August 30, it was estimated that 24.5 trillion gallons of water had been dumped over Texas and Louisiana. Harvey is now being called the most extreme rain event in United States history. Year after year, the natural disasters that hit the United States are becom-ing more frequent and more severe. Democrats understand the root cause: climate change. It is long overdue for President Trump and the congressional Republicans to admit the truth. Quickly following the tragic news that Harvey was on a path to cause catastrophic flooding in Texas, Presi-dent Trump pledged to help pass the necessary financial aid to begin the long recovery. But, of course, the President and Members of Congress all knew we had better not deny or delay funding for this very devastating nat-ural disaster. The American people expected their government to quickly respond to Har-vey. However, we must understand that there are other laws and policies that must be protected, laws that determine what the Congress can do and must do to assist our country with mitigation, preparedness, mapping, and affordable national flood insurance. The NFIP must be dealt with and must be under-stood. So Mr. Trump’s previous record on the issue is appalling and is in direct contradiction to his latest pledge. Just days before Harvey made landfall, Trump repealed an Obama executive order that would have required the Federal Government to account for cli-mate change so that infrastructure could be built to withstand cata-strophic events. Trump also sent Con-gress a budget that cuts funding for programs that help us understand, pre-pare for, and recover from storms like Harvey. His budget slashes operations and funding for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s climate research, cuts $62 million from the Na-tional Weather Service, eliminates the Regional Coastal Resilience grants, guts Coastal Zone Management grants, and cuts $190 million from the National Flood Insurance Program’s flood map-ping program. Trump’s budget would also cut $114 million from the Department of Agri-culture’s disaster assistance that would help farmers recover livestock, crops, and equipment that would be felt in Texas where many farms are currently under several feet of water. His budget also completely elimi-nates HUD’s Community Development Block Grant and HOME programs, vital grant programs that serve as one of the first available sources of funding to help communities recover even before disaster relief funding can be appro-priated from Congress. What is more, Trump’s budget would have cut $876 million from the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s Disaster Relief Fund, the very fund that he is now pledging billions of dollars of support for. So we are pleased that he learned after the fact. All told, Trump would cut billions of dollars for disaster pre-paredness and disaster relief programs. Of course, he also appointed a known climate change denier to lead the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. So I, for one, am not surprised that this is where his priorities lie. The hypocrisy and shortsightedness do not end with Donald Trump. Let us remember that many House Repub-licans, including both Texas Senators, opposed disaster aid following Superstorm Sandy. Now that the shoe is on the other foot, they are asking for billions of dollars in taxpayer support for their constituents. Of course, we should pass a disaster aid package quickly and without hesitation because it is simply the right thing and the American people expect us to do it. But just as we are now witnessing the sud-den change of heart for disaster relief in certain Members of Congress, I hope that we will see a similar change of heart in response to the push of certain Republicans to unwind the National Flood Insurance Program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.018 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7101 September 7, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 29 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Louis M. Murphy, Sr., Mount Zion Progressive Missionary Baptist Church, St. Petersburg, Flor-ida, offered the following prayer: Heavenly Father, creator of the heav-ens, the Earth, and of all mankind, thank You for the privilege to come be-fore Your glorious throne, to first give praises to Your holy and righteous name, and to offer our petitions. We stand on the floor of the House of Representatives today asking for Your divine guidance and wisdom for the men and women who have been elected and sworn to represent the interests of the people of these United States of America. I pray that they would serve with hu-mility, dignity, and honor, enacting laws that would be fair, just, and equi-table. You have blessed this Nation with great wealth and great resources. Thank You. Help us to be mindful of the disen-franchised, despondent, dejected, and especially those who have been affected by Hurricane Harvey. We pray for Your protection for those in the path of Hur-ricane Irma. Lord God, I humbly beseech You to hear my prayer. Enable this gathering to hear and believe in the power of prayer. In Your holy name, I pray. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WALBERG led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND LOUIS M. MURPHY, SR. The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
RIST) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor our guest chaplain, Reverend Louis M. Murphy, Sr., of my hometown of St. Petersburg, Florida. Reverend Murphy truly embodies what it means to love your neighbor as yourself. In his 18 years as senior pas-tor at the Mt. Zion Progressive Mis-sionary Baptist Church, he has been a dedicated disciple of Christ, giving his time, energy, and compassion to lifting up his congregation and the larger St. Petersburg community. In addition to his duties as pastor of one of the largest churches in Pinellas County, Reverend Murphy has been a leader in economic revitalization ef-forts in south St. Petersburg, and in supporting job training and outreach programs for at-risk youth. A native of Florida, truly a man of God, and a man of the people. I person-ally thank Reverend Murphy for com-ing to the people’s House and providing such a moving, thoughtful invocation. God bless you. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) laid before the House the fol-lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 7, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on September 7, 2017, at 9:27 am.: That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 23. That the Senate passed S. 652. That the Senate passed S. 849. That the Senate passed S. 920. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 624. That the Senate passed S. 1359. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 further re-quests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING GREG BRUNT OF CATAWBA COUNTY (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in order to honor a Catawba County na-tive. Mr. Greg Brunt has won more than 100 medals in the Special Olympics and serves as an inspiration to the wider Catawba community and, in my opin-ion, the Nation. Mr. Brunt’s road cannot have been easy. He has overcome challenges that many Americans don’t have to face. In-stead of giving in, Mr. Brunt gives back. As a swimming instructor to younger students, Mr. Brunt teaches children the value of practice and per-severance. Mr. Brunt has earned many Special Olympic medals, and has aspirations of being in the Catawba County Hall of Fame. Though I am not a voting mem-ber of the board, Mr. Brunt would have my vote. Additionally, I was thrilled to learn that Mr. Brunt is a man of faith, who attends Corinth Reformed Church, and that his favorite song is ‘‘Amazing Grace.’’ When I think of the amazing accom-plishments Mr. Brunt has achieved, I cannot help but think, how sweet the sound. I wholeheartedly congratulate Mr. Brunt on all of his many wins, and wish him continued success. f 
WE MUST PASS THE DREAM ACT (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, America is founded on the promise that if you work hard and play by the rules, then we will have a place for you. That is the American Dream. There is no reason it shouldn’t extend to peo-ple who were brought here as young children and have been working since then to build a better life. San Diego is home to 38,000 residents who could be eligible for DACA, the seventh most of any county in Amer-ica. DREAMers are our friends, our neighbors, and our coworkers, and our economy is more prosperous because of their contributions. Like so many, I was saddened and angry at the decision by President Trump to end the DACA program. It was a cruel action, rooted in fear, that only makes us weaker. Congress must act swiftly to correct this economic and moral catastrophe. We must pass the Dream Act to protect DREAMers, and give them and their employers the certainty that they de-serve. The time is right now for Congress to finally step up and do its job. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.020 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7102 September 7, 2017 
RECOGNIZING LEACY BURKE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, it is with sincere gratitude and appreciation that I have the oppor-tunity to recognize Leacy Burke, former communications director for South Carolina’s Second Congressional District. I will always appreciate Leacy for her years of service on behalf of the people of South Carolina. A native of South Carolina, Leacy is an esteemed alumna of the University of South Carolina, where she graduated with both a bachelor of arts degree in political science and criminal justice, as well as a master’s degree in mass communications, integrated commu-nications. Beginning as a deputy press secretary for the office in 2015, it has been an honor to work with such a dedicated public servant making mean-ingful provisions for our office. It is with mixed feelings, but great happiness, that our office bids Leacy farewell. She is now doing amazing work in her new role as communica-tions director for Senator J
IMINHOFE , Republican, of Oklahoma. I know her parents, Greg and Denise Burke, and family members join me in recognizing her achievements. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our prayers are for all persons threat-ened by Hurricane Irma, from the Car-ibbean Islands to South Carolina. 
f 
LET US VOTE TO RESTORE OUR VALUES AND GIVE DREAMERS OPPORTUNITIES THEY DESERVE (Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, Ana was an intern in my of-fice. She is also an undocumented im-migrant. When DACA was announced, Ana was ecstatic. She told me that DACA meant she could qualify for fi-nancial aid or be an intern at the State Department. All she saw were opportu-nities to contribute to our country, and that is exactly what she has done. Thanks to DACA, Ana earned her master’s degree and got a job helping other immigrants to lay roots and con-tribute, like she did. She was able to get a driver’s license to safely get to school and work. And today, she is at-tending law school. Ana represents the promise that if you come here, work here, and con-tribute here, you will have a future here. But Donald Trump is breaking that promise by ending DACA. And so it is up to us to fix it. The bi-partisan Dream Act will protect these DREAMers who are American in every way but on paper. Mr. Speaker, let us vote to restore our values and give these DREAMers the opportunities they deserve. CONGRATULATING INDIANA STATE SENATOR LUKE KENLEY (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Indiana’s State Senator Luke Kenley on his retire-ment, and to thank him for the many years he dedicated to serving our fel-low Hoosiers. From balancing the budget to re-forming State taxes, he has worked for 25 years to empower local communities and strengthen Indiana’s economy. He led important efforts to enhance our schools, roads, businesses, local insti-tutions, and more. Senator Kenley’s commitment to Hoosier common sense, and his tireless efforts to bring our State’s economy into the 21st century, helped transform Indiana and improve Hoosiers’ lives. I am grateful for Senator Kenley’s lead-ership and his keen understanding of the Hoosier values that are so impor-tant to our way of life. I have no doubt his impact on our State will last far into the future. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing Indiana State Sen-ator Luke Kenley the absolute best as he embarks on this next chapter in life. f 
DACA AND PROTECTING DREAMERS (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, when DACA was launched in 2012, it allowed nearly 800,000 young people to come out of the shadows and live without the constant fear of being deported. Some came here as infants in their parents’ arms. Some know no other language but English, and they know no other country but America. And all of them simply seek a better future. DACA helped breathe life into their American Dream. DREAMers are our neighbors, our friends, and our col-leagues. They grew up here. They have done absolutely nothing wrong. They are in school, they are working, and they are contributing to the American economy. And now, they must fear deportation once again. That is not the American Dream; that is not who we are. I hope that all of my colleagues will take that to heart so that we can fi-nally pass the Dream Act and keep these Americans out of the shadows, contributing to our economy, growing their lives, and helping live and be the American Dream. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PASTOR FRANK HAMPTON, JR. (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Pastor Frank Hampton, Jr., as he celebrates 50 years of ministry at the Church of God in Jackson, Michigan. Over the years, Pastor Hampton has been a steady example of what it means to be a father, a pastor, a men-tor, and a community servant. In addition to faithfully shepherding his congregation, Pastor Hampton has served as a volunteer chaplain for Alle-giance Health, counseled disadvan-taged youth, and helped build strong leaders in the community. He has worked in conjunction with Jackson’s judicial system, Jackson Public Schools, Jackson County Jail, and the Interfaith Shelter. The longevity of his service to his congregation and to the community is a reflection of his mission to make a profound difference in the lives of ev-eryone he meets. Pastor Hampton is a remarkable man of integrity, perseverance, and servant leadership. His 50 years of ministry have set the standard for our commu-nity. I congratulate him on his mile-stone and pray for God’s many bless-ings in the years ahead. f 
LET’S FIX DACA (Mr. CONNOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, Presi-dent Trump shielded Sheriff Joe Arpaio from a prison sentence for criminal contempt, despite Sheriff Arpaio’s record of illegal racial profiling and abuse directed at immigrant commu-nities. The President’s latest salvo in his war on immigrants is his tragic deci-sion to end the DACA program, which has given nearly 800,000 innocent DREAMers, who want to be Americans, the opportunity to work and attend school. In my native State of Virginia, we have more than 12,000 DREAMers, who contribute more than $711 million to our GDP every year—that is con-tribute. These young, hardworking DREAM-ers, who see themselves as Americans, as do I, are contributing to our commu-nities, creating jobs, serving in our military, teaching our children, and caring for our family members. Presi-dent Trump would learn that if he ever sat down with them, as I have, and so many of my colleagues have, and bro-ken bread with them, and listened to their fascinating, challenging, wonder-ful stories. Ending DACA is self-defeating, hurts the American economy, and neglects all that makes America unique. Let’s fix this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.023 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7103 September 7, 2017 
b1215 COMMEMORATING FRANCIS BELLAMY (Mr. COLLINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Francis Bellamy, one of the most influ-ential individuals from Mount Morris, New York. Francis Bellamy is the au-thor of the Pledge of Allegiance. Tomorrow marks the 125th anniver-sary of the Pledge of Allegiance, which was first published in a magazine called The Youth’s Companion on Sep-tember 8, 1892. The pledge was initially written as part of a campaign to put American flags in every school in the country. In its original form, it read: ‘‘I pledge allegiance to my flag and the Republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.’’ In 1923, the words, ‘‘the flag of the United States of America’’ were added. In 1954, Congress added the words, ‘‘under God,’’ creating the 31-word pledge we have today. Bellamy’s words are recited millions of times every day and are ingrained in our society as an expression of national pride and patriotism. 
f 
CONGRESS MUST PASS LEGISLA-TION TO PROTECT DREAMERS (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program is inhumane and unAmerican. Whatever your politics on immigra-tion, America’s DREAMers did not choose their birthplace or their path early in life. They are innocents, and they have grown up as Americans. They have attended school here along-side our own children. They share our values and our principles. They believe in the American Dream. Yes, deporting them hurts our econ-omy, and yes, it damages our standing as a leading nation, but at its heart, this is a matter of conscience. What kind of justice will we give to kids brought here when they were 6 years old, who grew up as Americans and who have no home beyond our shores? To make them the targets of deporta-tion is a violation of our national con-science. Congress must act now to pass legis-lation to protect these DREAMers. A just nation must not take lightly the judgment of the innocent. Let us not discard our friends and our neighbors for the sake of political theater, not when we can instead draw strength of heart and mind and treasure from their experience, their differences, and the many values we share in common. E pluribus unum. Out of many, we are indeed one. BRINGING ATTENTION TO MONTANA’S WILDFIRES (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to the wildfires devastating Montana. My heart goes out to those affected by Hurricane Harvey. The disaster has shown the very best of our country, neighbor helping neighbor. That spirit is alive and well in Mon-tana, too, as we face a massive dis-aster. Drought conditions are severe. Over 40 wildfires continue to rage, and more than 900,000 acres have burned so far. As we speak, ash rains down on our homes and our schools, poor air quality threatens the health of Montanans, particularly our children and our elder-ly, and our livelihoods are at risk. This photo was taken just a few weeks ago from the south summit of Mount Sentinel as fires raged towards the town of Lolo, Montana. Sadly, this image is not unique. I met with leaders and firefighters at five wildfires this summer and wit-nessed the destruction firsthand. Mr. Speaker, I hope this image and others from back home will make my colleagues more aware of the fires, the devastation they have caused, and the need for relief in the Treasure State. 
f 
CONGRESS SHOULD PASS THE DREAM ACT (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today for the over 20,000 DREAMers in my district on the central coast of California. Due to the administration’s pledge to end DACA, those young men and women, who have done everything right after they got to America, are now being punished for a choice that they did not make before coming to America. Their mothers and fathers came to the central coast to work hard and con-tribute to the economies and commu-nities in the salad bowl of the world and the most scenic place in the world so that their children could have the opportunity to live the American Dream in the best country in the world. Now, it is clear that DACA doesn’t just give them that dream. All that DACA does is give those children the opportunity to come out of the shad-ows and fulfill that dream. That is why DREAMers work in our businesses, study in our schools, and serve in the military of the only country that they know. This is why Congress should vote on and pass the Dream Act. If we do our job, we will allow DREAMers to not only do their jobs, we will give them the opportunity to give back to the communities and country that gave them and their parents so much. As immigrants, they understand that obligation. Let’s show them and let’s show this country that Congress under-stands that obligation as well. f 
RECOGNIZING CLARION UNIVER-SITY’S 150TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Clarion University of Pennsylvania as it celebrates 150 years. In 1859, the people of Clarion County created a proposal for a higher edu-cation institution in Clarion. Shortly after, the Civil War erupted and dis-rupted the Nation, but it did not stop the determination of the Clarion peo-ple. On September 10, 1867, Clarion Uni-versity was founded as the Carrier Seminary of western Pennsylvania. With no facilities to call home, Carrier Seminary operated as a co-educational program in the old academy building, with Reverend James G. Townsend as principal. Carrier Seminary then became Clar-ion State Normal School in 1887. In 1915, the Commonwealth purchased the school, and it became a technical school of junior college rank in 1920. It opened its doors as a college-level institution in 1929. Since then, Clarion’s student body has grown to more than 5,000, its programs have re-ceived top level accreditation, and the institution has become a part of Penn-sylvania State System of Higher Edu-cation. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Clarion University on reaching this milestone, and I join all in celebrating its rich his-tory and contributions to our area. 
f 
AMERICA CAN BE A FAIR AND COMPASSIONATE NATION (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, last week I visited Norte Vista High School and stood before a room of DREAMers who were desperate to know if they have a future in America, the only country they have ever called home. I had to look each student in the eye and say: I can’t make any promises. The question is not whether we have enough votes in Congress to pass the Dream Act. We all know that we do. The question is not whether passing the Dream Act is the right thing to do. We all know that it is. The question before this Congress is whether we have the political courage and the basic decency to reject our worst impulses, and protect the most vulnerable members of our society. In a few months, I hope I can stand before that same room of DREAMers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.025 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7104 September 7, 2017 
and tell them that the answer is, yes; yes, America can be a fair and a com-passionate nation, and, yes, they are free to realize the promise of this great country. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT AARON ALLAN AND DEPUTY CHIEF JIM WATERS (Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor our Nation’s police officers, who sacrifice for their fellow citizens and selflessly put their lives on the line to keep our commu-nities safe. Sadly, in late July, right before our August recess, our community of cen-tral Indiana suffered terrible losses. While off duty, Indianapolis Metro-politan Police Deputy Chief Jim Waters was involved in an accident in-volving a semitrailer. He passed away a few days later on July 27. Deputy Chief Waters held almost every title in law enforcement in his lifetime, but he was proudest of the ti-tles of son, brother, father, and hus-band. No matter the job he took on, Deputy Chief Waters was known for working so hard, yet having fun while doing so. Also in late July, a second Indiana police officer was killed. When respond-ing to an overturned vehicle on Marion County’s south side, Southport Police Department’s Lieutenant Aaron Allan was fatally shot by the driver he was trying to assist in that overturned ve-hicle. He, too, passed away on July 27. He was the first Southport police offi-cer to be killed in the line of duty. As a child, Allan always knew what he wanted to be when he grew up: a po-lice officer. He had a compassionate heart and consistently went out of his way to help those in need, even if his job didn’t require it or he was off duty. I offer my deepest condolences to their families, the Southport and Indi-anapolis Metropolitan Police Depart-ments, and all who mourn their loss and cherish their memory. 
f 
HONORING DR. ROBERT ‘‘BOB’’ BILLINGSLEA (Mrs. DEMINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Dr. Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Billingslea of Orlando, who passed away on Friday, September 1. Dr. Billingslea was the founding ex-ecutive of Walt Disney’s Corporate Urban Affairs and Development depart-ment, and served as its vice president until his retirement in 2012. In this po-sition, he led the company’s minority outreach efforts, and was a firm be-liever that diversity drives growth, cre-ativity, and innovation. Bob’s unwavering commitment was evident by his service. He served on nu-merous organizations and boards, in-cluding Historically Black Colleges and Universities, Boys and Girls Clubs, and founded the Orlando Urban League, to name a few. When Bob walked into a room, people noticed; and when Bob spoke, people listened. Bob Billingslea was smart, impactful, and unforgettable. He made a difference. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for allow-ing time for this tribute as we cele-brate the life of Dr. Bob Billingslea. f 
HONORING MISSOURI TASK FORCE 1 FOR THEIR COURAGE AND SELFLESSNESS (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the brave members of Missouri’s Task Force 1, who have risked their lives to help others in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey. Missouri’s Task Force 1 is one of 28 urban search and rescue teams in the country. Its 210 members are trained to provide emergency response and dis-aster relief services at a moment’s no-tice. Last week, as the rains came down and the waters came up in Houston, 47 members of the task force deployed to Texas with a mission: to turn potential stories of tragedy and despair into sto-ries of salvation and hope, and they succeeded. In just one day during Hurricane Harvey, the team made more than 300 water rescues and evacuations. De-ployed to Houston for 14 days, these skilled crewmembers risked their lives to save the lives of others in Houston. Now they are monitoring a possible new deployment to assist after Hurri-cane Irma. We should all keep in mind the con-tributions and rescue efforts of Task Force 1. Their courage and selflessness demonstrated the best of humanity in the worst of times. I want to thank them for putting their lives on the line to help others in their time of need. You are all worthy of our respect, appreciation, and honor. 
f 
b1230 CONGRESS MUST FIX OUR BROKEN IMMIGRATION SYSTEM (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, Congress must act to fix our broken immigra-tion system, including passing legisla-tion to protect DREAMers. Like many Members of this body, I was deeply disappointed with the Presi-dent’s decision regarding DACA, to take away the promise of possibility that DACA provided young people who were brought to this country as chil-dren—many of them just months old— by their parents and have grown up here. They work here. They go to school here. They contribute to the quality, to the greatness of this coun-try. The one thing I did believe is right that the President said was that Con-gress ought to act. I have sat here and watched us name post offices, bring back legislation that we have passed in previous Congresses on suspension and brought them to the floor and debated them for hours. We have time in this House to stand up for 800,000 young people and give them hope that they deserve, to show that this country is as great as we say it is. When the Speaker was elected, he said he would open up the process. Here is my challenge: Bring the Dream Act to the floor of the House of Representa-tives. If you believe these DREAMers should be deported, then vote ‘‘no,’’ but give them a vote on the floor of this House. That is the moral thing to do, and we should do it now. f 
KEEP OUR GOVERNMENT FUNC-TIONING EFFICIENTLY AND EF-FECTIVELY (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Make America Secure and Prosperous Appropriations Act that the House is considering. This bill is a package of legislation that the Appropriations Committee has dili-gently worked on over the last several months that will fund our domestic and national security priorities. This is legislation that prioritizes conservative policies, invests in proven and effective programs, and reduces un-necessary and wasteful spending. It will fund the government in a fiscally responsible way, keeping a lid on spending as we have since taking the House majority in 2010. It will continue our work of rolling back burdensome, job-killing policies to help our economy grow even faster than we have seen over the last 7 months when we have added more than 1 million jobs. It includes many items that the House has already passed this summer, like the largest pay raise for our troops in 8 years and the most funding to care for our veterans in our Nation’s his-tory. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure to keep our gov-ernment functioning efficiently and ef-fectively for the American people. 
f 
CULTURE OF CORRUPTION AT WELLS FARGO (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, Wells Fargo is the Nation’s third largest bank, with nearly $2 tril-lion in assets. In the past several 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.026 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7105 September 7, 2017 
months, Wells Fargo has engaged in blatant and systemic fraud perpetrated against millions of its own customers by opening fee-generating accounts without customer authorization, changing mortgage terms without cus-tomer knowledge, and forcing Wells Fargo auto loan customers into costly insurance products they did not need or want. Mr. Speaker, Wells Fargo has dem-onstrated a blatant, egregious culture of corruption, costing their customers tens of millions of dollars in unauthor-ized fees and financial hardship. Today I am calling on the Federal Housing Administration to ban, to im-mediately declare ineligible, Wells Fargo from participation in the Fed-eral mortgage guarantee program. Wells Fargo has violated its public trust and that of millions of its own customers and clients. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF FORMER CONGRESSMAN VERN EHLERS (Mr. AMASH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, with great sadness, the people of west Michigan learned of the recent passing of former Congressman Vern Ehlers. Vern was a humble man who served our community with honor. Early in his life, Vern moved to Grand Rapids to attend Calvin College. After earning his Ph.D. at Berkeley, he returned to help launch, and later chair, Calvin’s Physics Department. His passion for science, technology, and the environ-ment came to define his time at Calvin and tenure in Congress. In 1993, Vern was elected to Congress and served until his retirement in 2010. Vern was the first research physicist in Congress, and his impressive back-ground contributed to his many achievements. Vern was a member of the Commit-tees on Education and the Workforce; Science, Space, and Technology; and Transportation and Infrastructure. He served as chairman of the Committee on House Administration, and his por-trait now hangs in the committee’s main hearing room. I have staff who worked for Vern, and they all admired his compassion, inde-pendent thinking, and nonpartisan record. Colleagues often referred to him as ‘‘the smartest man in Con-gress.’’ Vern lived as commanded in Micah 6:8: ‘‘To act justly and to love mercy and to walk humbly with Your God.’’ He placed his hands on this verse each time he was sworn in. Our community will endeavor always to honor his legacy. My deepest condolences go out to Vern’s wife, Johanna, his children and grandchildren, and to everyone whose lives he touched. May his memory be eternal. SUPPORT THE DREAMERS (Mrs. MURPHY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, today I rise in support of DREAM-ers. When I was just a baby, my parents brought me to this country because they sought freedom, opportunity, and a better life for our family. As a parent now, I know how they must have felt because I, too, would do anything for my children, no matter the risk. That parental instinct to give our children better opportunities than we had is universal and powerful. DREAMers were brought to this country as children by families who sought a better life. They were just kids and had no role in the decision to leave their native country, and they have done nothing wrong. They dem-onstrate one of our Nation’s most basic promises: the American Dream is available to anyone who is willing to work for it. The President’s decision this week to end DACA will tear families apart. Worse yet, it punishes children who have done nothing to deserve punish-ment. It is immoral and wrong. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you bring the Dream Act to the floor so we can enact an enduring solution for the 800,000 as-piring Americans who would be hurt by the President’s decision. 
f 
AMERICAN FAMILIES DESERVE ATTENTION AND SUPPORT (Mr. ROHRABACHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, we have heard a lot about DREAMers today, and we will continue to hear that. Let us note that we are talking about inviting millions of people to send their children to the United States, millions from around this hemisphere who live in poverty and oppression, and we are saying: If you can get your kids to the United States, they are going to be taken care of. We have limited resources here, lim-ited in the Federal Government. Our people of every race and every religion and every ethnic group that make up the American family deserve to know that we are caring about them—I am sorry—rather than the children in other countries that come here ille-gally. We can expect a flood of new young people if we legalize this, and they will be consuming the healthcare dollars. They will be consuming the education dollars that should go to American children. This is not being selfish by saying take care of your family first. The American family deserves our atten-tion and our support. We should not be extracting resources, bidding down their wages, extracting the resources of education and healthcare for people who have come here illegally and in-vite more people to flood into our country. No, the DREAMers concept is a nightmare for American young people. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF JAMES ANDREWS (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor James Andrews, president of the North Carolina AFL–CIO. After four decades of service, James will be retiring on September 15. He has been a leader since a young age, and while serving our country in Vietnam, he earned a Purple Heart for his brave service. Upon his return, James organized fel-low workers at a plant in Henderson, North Carolina, before joining the AFL–CIO in 1974 as a director of Frontlash, an AFL–CIO youth group. Just a year later, the AFL–CIO recog-nized James’ dedication to the fight for fair working conditions and promoted him to outreach director for the North Carolina federation, making him the first African American to hold a paid, full-time staff position with the State AFL–CIO federation. After a brief stint working for his union in 1982, he began his position as the treasurer and secretary for North Carolina’s AFL–CIO. A little over a decade later, James was elected as president and became the first African American to lead a State federation. As his service draws to a close, we want to both congratulate and honor him for his unparalleled work on behalf of North Carolina’s hardworking fami-lies. James, congratulations, and thank you for your hard work. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF KENDRA MURRAY ADAMS (Ms. MOORE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the life of Mrs. Kendra Murray Adams, a loving mother, a wife, daughter, sister, and friend to many, myself included. I first got to know Kendra when she joined my office in 2005 as an executive assistant. She was a blonde bombshell who was quick-witted, strong-willed, but just as quick to laugh with you and at you, if needed. Effortlessly funny and graciously caring, it was a joy to get to know her and to have a front row seat to see how this marvelous young lady lived life. Even now, I struggle to find the words to convey how much of a joy and honor it was to know Kendra and to be known by Kendra. Whether you knew her for years, or just got to meet her, you got the best 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.028 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7106 September 7, 2017 
of her from minute one. Kendra may have left my office, but she never left my heart. Sadly, at the end of July, Kendra lost her battle with cancer at the tender age of 39. And although my heart is heavy, I am recalling the final words written by Kendra before her death, where she urged those who loved her to not mourn, but to ‘‘live life, to go to the beach, go rock climbing, skydiving, do what you want to do.’’ This exempli-fies her spirit, her courage, and her life which, unfortunately, ended too soon. Kendra is survived by her beloved twins, her husband, her father, her sis-ter, and my thoughts and prayers are with her and her family and friends. I loved her dearly, and I will miss her deeply and will always remember her. 
f 
PROTECTING DACA (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the 800,000 DREAMers in our Nation, 200,000 in my State of California. Now, these DREAMers are students, entrepreneurs, volunteers, and neigh-bors. They go to school, they work, and they pay taxes. They are young men and women like my constituent, Karem, a DREAMer who recently grad-uated from the University of California at Berkeley. Karem now works as a paralegal, helping people like herself navigate our complicated immigration system. Karem came to America when she was only 3 years old. In a message to my office, she wrote: ‘‘The United States is all I’ve ever known.’’ I have to tell you, she is as American as I am. Forcing Karem or any hard-working DREAMer out of this country or back into the shadows is heartless and un-American. This is her home. Deporting DREAMers from the only country they have ever known is an ex-treme betrayal of our values. We care about family values. Ending DACA breaks families up. Let me be clear: Now President Trump has turned his back on these in-nocent young people. Now it is up to Congress to have the courage to do the right thing. I call on Speaker R
YANto bring up the bipartisan and bicameral Dream Act now. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 3354, DEPART-MENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVI-RONMENT, AND RELATED AGEN-CIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 504 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 504 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes. SEC. 2. (a) No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution, and available pro forma amendments described in section 4 of House Resolution 500. (b) Each further amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be sub-ject to amendment except amendments de-scribed in section 4 of House Resolution 500, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. (c) All points of order against further amendments printed in the report of the Committee on Rules or against amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolu-tion are waived. S
EC. 3. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appropria-tions or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of further amendments print-ed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution not earlier dis-posed of. Amendments en bloc offered pursu-ant to this section shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective des-ignees, shall not be subject to amendment except amendments described in section 4 of House Resolution 500, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. S
EC. 4. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), pend-ing which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. b1245 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, it is going to be a good day. It is going to be a good day. I don’t know if you came down to Washington as a young man. I remem-ber sitting right up there on the second row of the gallery, and I came into the Chamber and I was so excited. It was my first visit to see the people’s House. The Reading Clerk was standing there at that podium and read and read. I had absolutely no idea what was going on, and here nobody hands you a pamphlet or anything to tell you what is happening on the floor of the House. I thought the activity was going to happen down here, and it was all going on up there at the podium. That has been 40 years ago now. I now see that however long that con-versation happens, it lays the ground-work for what is going to be an even greater conversation here on the floor of the House. Mr. Speaker, I am fond of saying that if you come to this institution on the right day, you are going to see a fes-tival of democracy take place right here. Today is going to be one of those days. If you were on the House floor yester-day, you saw us take up the first of these divisions in this appropriations bill. Today, because of the work that my friend from New York and I did with the rest of the members of the Rules Committee right up there last night, we are bringing to the floor the remaining four divisions of H.R. 3354; 224 additional amendments. 224 addi-tional amendments. Division A is the Interior section; division C is the Com-merce, Justice, Science section; divi-sion D is the Financial Services sec-tion; division F is the Labor, HHS, and Education section. When I was on the floor yesterday, Mr. Speaker, I talked about how proud I was of the work that we have all done here together. This annual appropria-tions process has been conducted in a more comprehensive fashion this year than in any other year in my memory. When we get jammed, you end up with one of those long-term, yearlong continuing resolutions that shut out every Member’s voice. In a good year, maybe, you end up with one of those giant leadership-negotiated White House and the leader of the House and the Senate omnibus appropriations bills that shut out all but two or three voices. This year, the Appropriations Com-mittee, beginning its work way back in April, has worked through every single appropriations bill one by one at the committee level, and we are seeing the culmination of that effort here on the floor today. Mr. Speaker, it has been since 2010 that the House has finished its work before the September 30 fiscal year deadline. It was the 2009 calendar year. They were doing the work for the 2010 fiscal year. It is hard to get this done, and it doesn’t happen because Demo-crats are successful or Republicans are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.030 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7107 September 7, 2017 
successful. It happens because the col-laboration that we have together is successful, and we are seeing the result of that today. If we pass the underlying rule, we will make in order those 224 amend-ments, we will begin that process of de-bating the last four divisions, and we will have the voices of this House heard. We went until midnight last night, Mr. Speaker. We went until midnight the night before that. I suspect mid-night is going to seem early to us where we are headed over the next cou-ple of days. But at the end of that proc-ess, Republicans, Democrats, folks from all regions of the country, are going to be able to look each other in the eye and know that—in a way that makes folks back home proud—we worked through each and every appro-priations bill and we got our work done on time. That is why I ran for Congress, Mr. Speaker, to deliver results back home, and that is why I am proud to be stand-ing with my friend from New York today delivering on those promises. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I thank the gentleman from Georgia, my good friend, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, what is happening with the appropriations bills is unprece-dented. After passing four appropria-tions bills earlier this year, we are now considering the remaining eight appro-priations bills this week in 2 days. That means that we are debating the funding for roughly two-thirds of dis-cretionary Federal spending bills in just over 4 days. Has any Member here really had the time to read all 1,035 pages of these eight bills? Better yet, has anyone had time to read nearly all the thousand amendments and determine what the impact of each one would be? This is the appropriations process we are talking about; the process that used to take us days and weeks and was perfectly open so that all Members of the House were able to propose amend-ments on the floor. These are the bills that fund programs that impact the life of every American every single day. But we are not giving them any seri-ous consideration they deserve, and the minority has been virtually, literally, I would say, shut out of the process alto-gether. When the majority took control of Congress and the White House, they promised regular order. They have not only broken that promise, they have shattered it and stomped on it. Speak-er R
YANis the only speaker in the his-tory of tracking statistics to never have had a truly open rule. An open rule would allow any Mem-ber to offer an amendment that com-plies with the standing rules of the House and the Budget Act. Not a single one. A bad process, I believe, will lead to a bad product, and these bills are no exception. They are full of provisions that would do real harm to millions of Americans. Inside these bills, the Dodd-Frank fi-nancial reform law, passed in the wake of the biggest recession since the Great Depression, would be tattered. The big-gest banks still in control of the people who got us in trouble in the first place would be allowed to run roughshod over the economy again, paving the way for another Great Recession or worse. Try as we could to find out what would be the substitute for Dodd-Frank to prevent them from doing that again, there is no answer they would be able to do it. Under Dodd-Frank, we have had a record-setting streak of more than 80 consecutive months of private sector job growth. Mr. Speaker, this growth didn’t come despite this law; it came because of it. There is also language here that would ramp up the majority’s assault on women’s health; provisions that would zero out funding for Title X, the Nation’s only Federal program devoted to family planning. More than 4 mil-lion women depend on it for access to contraception. The bills would also eliminate fund-ing for Planned Parenthood, which serves 2.5 million women and men every year. It is relied on not just for contraception, but for services like breast cancer screenings, wellness vis-its, and STI testing. The bills would be truly destructive if they ever became law. They don’t ap-pear to have the necessary votes to pass the Senate, since there are not 60 Senators willing to vote for this legis-lation, and that would make one won-der why are we even going through this charade, because we have only 9 legis-lative days left in the month of Sep-tember. During those 9 days, we need to raise the debt ceiling to pay the bills we have already incurred, to fund the government for the following year, to reauthorize the Children’s Health In-surance Program; the Perkins Loan Program, which many low-income stu-dents rely on for their college edu-cation; and, very importantly, the Fed-eral Aviation Administration. All of those expire on September 30. We also need to address the National Flood Insurance Program, which, on its current course, faces a shortfall of more than $25 billion. And that will ex-pire at the end of this month. We all know the horror of going through Hur-ricane Harvey, and now Irma, and with two more, as I understand it, starting their aim at us in the Atlantic. If we are going to do all of this, we have to get back to the orderly and thoughtful process. Congress can’t wait for a disaster to always be at its door-step before acting. We need to abandon legislation by chaos or emergency, which we often do for something that we could have done by scheduling. Two-thirds of the discretionary spending bills considered in a single week is absurd and irresponsible, and I would doubt has ever taken place be-fore in the House of Representatives. It is time we took control of the House and got back to regular order, which we talk about all the time, but hardly anybody remembers. We hope for a bet-ter day, and we hope for it soon. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My friend is absolutely right, there is a lot of work to get done. That is why we both ran for Congress, to get that work done. I am incredibly optimistic that we will get that work done. I wish from time to time we would celebrate our successes as fiercely as we observe our failures. My friend is absolutely right, there was a time in congressional history where appropria-tions bills came to the floor and any Member could offer any amendment they wanted at any time, and the proc-ess could go on for days or weeks or months. To my friend’s point, we can remi-nisce about those days and celebrate them, but we can’t do it at the same time we observe the very limited dead-lines that we have now trying to get work done. It was back on August 24 that the Rules Committee created a deadline and said: We want to have every Mem-ber have their voice heard. We want to hear from every single Member on every single appropriations bill to un-derstand what it is you would do dif-ferently to have the bills serve Amer-ica better. We created that deadline, Mr. Speak-er, for exactly the reason my friend from New York suggested, and that is so folks would have the time to look at those amendments, to digest those amendments, to be thoughtful about those amendments. Now, it turns out even in a body of 435 Members, you can have some repet-itive ideas. It turns out a lot of us think a single amendment is a good idea. The Rules Committee looked at amendments and found multiple Mem-bers had exactly the same idea. In order to speed the process along, we let one of those Members offer the amend-ment; we asked the other Members not to. That is not closing down the process. That is a good use of the American peo-ple’s time, because we have so much that we must get done together. Mr. Speaker, for folks who care about openness—and I am one of those Mem-bers—I just want to remind you that it is not just the 1,000-plus amendments we looked at in the Rules Committee. It is thousands upon thousands that were worked through the Appropria-tions Subcommittee process, and then the Appropriations full committee process. b1300 The appropriations process is one of the best opportunities for any Member 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.033 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7108 September 7, 2017 
in this Chamber to make their prior-ities known, act on those priorities, change the law of the land for the men and women they serve back home. Every single Member of this Chamber knows of that process, avails them-selves of that process, and if we pass this rule, we will make several hundred more amendments in order and com-plete this process for the first time since 2009. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. R
OSEN ). Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am dis-gusted by House Republicans’ contin-ued efforts to end DACA and help this heartless administration tear families apart. Yesterday, House Republicans had a chance to rectify the Trump Ad-ministration’s despicable decision to betray DREAMers in Nevada and across this country. Instead, they chose to block the im-mediate consideration of the bipartisan Dream Act. And then last night, House Republicans in the Rules Committee doubled down on this President’s cow-ardly assault on DREAMers by block-ing an amendment that I helped file with my colleagues J
ULIA BROWNLEY  and L
UISCORREA . That would have prohibited funds from being used to deport DACA recipi-ents. In Nevada, DACA has allowed more than 13,000 young people to come forward, pass background checks, and live and work legally. These young men and women who are brought here as children are patriotic and brave. They include college students, mem-bers of our military, and so many oth-ers who are contributing to our soci-ety. They fear they will be taken from their homes and their families torn apart. President Trump’s decision to end DACA is an affront to everything our Nation stands for and only cements his legacy of shortsighted cruelty. House Republicans ought to be ashamed of themselves for helping this administration push DREAMers one step closer to deportation. I will con-tinue to fight for our values, our prin-ciples, because as Americans, we do not turn our backs on people who represent the best of our Nation. We must take the Dream Act up without delay. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
ALMER ). Members are reminded to re-frain from engaging in personalities to-ward the President. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ), one of our leaders from the great State of Cali-fornia. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I thank you very much for providing me this time. I rise in opposition to this rule, which prohibits a vote of the House of Representatives on an amend-ment that would prevent the Depart-ment of Justice from using its power and resources to supersede all State laws that have legalized the medical use of cannabis. For 3 years, States have been shield-ed from having the will of their voters and their people by a prohibition on the Department of Justice that would prevent the Department of Justice from thwarting the will of the people of the States by superceding those State laws when they have determined in the States that the medical use of mari-juana should be permitted with their citizens. The Rules Committee has, thus, been basically—it will be changing the law of the land for 3 years where the 50 States have been permitted, if they so chose, to have the medical use of mari-juana. After this vote, because of this rule, we have been prevented from again pro-viding that prohibition that passed this House on a number of occasions that would prohibit the Department of Jus-tice from superceding State law. In short, a vote for this rule is anti- States’ rights. A vote for this rule is against permitting the people of your State to legalize the medical use of marijuana if the Federal Government, if the DOJ, decides. A vote for this rule will, thus, pre-vent medical use of cannabis by our doctors in States that would like to permit their people to benefit from il-legal use of medical marijuana. In-stead, those doctors now will, as they have been, prescribing opiates. That is right, opiates. Our people have ended up being prescribed opiates because marijuana has not been an option. It is a vote to cut off our veterans, and our seniors with arthritis, those people who have children who are plagued with seizures, all of these things now are permitted in the States where they have legalized the medical use of marijuana. These people are pro-vided an avenue to at least try this as a method of dealing with these horrible maladies that they have to deal with in their lives, whether they are seizures, or whether they are people who have arthritis, or whether they are our vet-erans who are coming back. We need to make sure that the bil-lions of dollars that right now are being invested in medical marijuana businesses and clinics throughout our country, those billions of dollars will go to the benefit of our people. Instead, this rule prevents us from standing in the way of the Justice Department from obliterating those rights in the States. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. WOODALL. I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, so a vote against this rule is a vote to per-mit those States to make that deci-sion. The rule, as it is now, prevents us from getting in the way of the Justice Department’s obliteration of these rights. But one of the most important things, whether it is States’ rights, or whether it is trying to listen to the seniors who are begging for us to give them some relief from some of their suffering and let them at least try this if the doctors so prescribe, but let us just remember this: that billions of dollars, $3 billion or $4 billion have been invested in this industry to pro-vide honest businessmen and doctors the right to try medical marijuana on some of these maladies. Those $3 billion will immediately be transferred to the drug cartels in Mex-ico if this rule goes through. That is what it means. Now, I would suggest that whether it is opiates, or the drug lords down in Mexico, we need to side with the States’ rights to make this determination and decide—and to make our determination to let the peo-ple decide in those States and let them have the choice there. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this rule for those reasons. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act, this bipartisan, bicameral legislation. We have thousands of young people who are Americans in every way except on paper. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the RECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ) to dis-cuss our proposal. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, in the past 5 years, the DACA program has given nearly 800,000 young men and women who came here as children, and have only known the United States as their home, a shot at the American Dream. It rightfully allowed them to come forward to live, work, and learn in the United States legally, and with-out fear of deportation. President Trump, this week, made his most heartless decision yesterday by cruelly rescinding DACA protection for these young DREAMers. These DREAMers now face the painful reality of a President betraying their trust, forcing them back into the shadows, and kicking them out of their homes. These kids put their faith in our gov-ernment to protect them. They under-went rigorous background checks and paid the required fees, all for an oppor-tunity to better themselves and their communities. And we are failing them. I share a similar story as many of these DREAMers. I emigrated to the United States with my parents as a 5- year-old boy from Mexico. This great country since has given me the oppor-tunity to work hard, raise my two chil-dren, and serve my country in local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.035 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7109 September 7, 2017 
government, the military, and here in Congress. Terminating DACA and stripping DREAMers of that same hope and op-portunity is unconscionable and incom-patible with our American values. We are a nation of immigrants and are made stronger by their contributions. Following the President’s shameful de-cision this week, Congress must take action and pass the bipartisan Dream Act which would provide a permanent legislative solution to allow DREAM-ers to remain in the United States and continue to contribute to our Nation’s future. They are our neighbors, our chil-dren’s classmates, our coworkers. These are all hardworking and law- abiding individuals. We cannot afford to abandon DACA recipients who have lived in America all of their lives and contribute to this country in many ways. Ending this program undermines our economic growth and competitiveness, costing our economy $490 billion in lost GDP over the next decade, in addition to losing potential innovation and en-trepreneurship. This House has already passed the DREAM Act in 2010, and a majority of Senators also supported this legisla-tion. However, it fell short with a fili-buster from then-Senator Jeff Sessions, the same Attorney General who an-nounced the termination of DACA this week. This Congress must now ensure the well-being and future of these 800,000 youth living and working in the United States. I urge my colleagues to stand up for DREAMers by bringing H.R. 3440, the bipartisan Dream Act, imme-diately to the floor for a vote. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate that admonition. As my friends all know, the truth is, the vote in the Senate was a bipartisan vote against the consideration of that bill. We are going to find a bipartisan so-lution to this difficult problem and continuing to characterize this as a partisan issue does nothing but harm to our shared cause. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY), one of the great leaders of the big freshman class in 2010. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support the Make America Secure and Pros-perous Appropriations Act, and I en-courage my colleagues to support this rule. As a pro-life conservative, I have long fought to make sure that tax-payers’ dollars aren’t being used to fund abortions or to fund abortion pro-viders. Whether it is in the Appropria-tions Committee or here on the House floor, I have repeatedly made the cause for increasing protections for life under the law. Those fights haven’t always been easy, and we haven’t won every time. But Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the appropriations bill before us does contain important pro-life provi-sions. First, the bill states: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this act may be used to conduct or support research using human fetal tissue if such tissue is obtained pursuant to an induced abortion.’’ We all remember the 2015 scandal that revealed how Planned Parenthood officials were systematically altering abortion procedures in order to pre-serve the organs of babies to sell them to researchers. I said it at that time, and you don’t have to be staunchly pro- life like me to be appalled by the thought of harvesting and trafficking aborted babies’ body parts for profit. Our bill will prevent these atrocities from removing any incentives abortion providers might have to harvest and sell babies’ organs. Instead, the bill di-rects agencies to find research using modern, more efficient alternatives to human fetal tissue. To be clear, I am a strong supporter of the National Institutes of Health. Their research is critical for develop-ment of lifesaving medical break-throughs. However, I believe we must set a clear line of distinction between what is acceptable and what is not. Second, the bill expressly prohibits the Department of Health and Human Services from steering Title X public health funding to abortion providers. Of course, the Hyde amendment has long made it against the law to actu-ally pay for abortions with taxpayer dollars. But the Obama administration had a bad habit of pushing hundreds of millions of dollars to Planned Parent-hood in forms of grants and reimburse-ments for other services. This amounts to a pipeline of funding propping up the Nation’s largest abortion provider. It is an abuse of taxpayer money, and I am pleased that this bill cuts it off. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my chair-man, TOMCOLE, for including these im-portant pro-life provisions in our base bill for the first time. b1315 It represents real progress for the pro-life movement, and I will continue to fight to see it through the process. Mr. Speaker, I am unapologetically pro-life, and I believe that every human life is precious and our laws and policies should reflect that. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE), a distin-guished member of the Appropriations Committee. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank our ranking member for yielding and, really, for her tireless advocacy on behalf of all Americans. I rise in strong opposition to this rule and the underlying bill, the so- called Make America Secure and Pros-perous Appropriations Act. Mr. Speaker, let’s make one thing clear: this bill breaks Republicans’ promise to get back to regular order, while blocking the majority of amend-ments to be considered on the floor. Also, as an African-American woman, I can’t help but see how these cuts im-pact communities of color. It may be easy to think of budgets in terms of dollar signs and decimal points, but the disturbing truth is that the decisions we make here affect lives. If we are honest, many of these deci-sions in this bill disproportionately af-fect Black and Brown lives. For instance, the bill eliminates the Teen Pregnancy Prevention Initiative, the Racial and Ethnic Approaches to Communities Health Program—just eliminates it—and Title X family plan-ning, which many women of color and men rely on. It eliminates the Health and Career Opportunities Program, which provides training and grants for health careers for minority-serving in-stitutions, and it eliminates the Minor-ity AIDS Initiative, just to name a few. These are just under the Health and Human Services provision. This bill cuts $3 billion from the Pell Grant Surplus Program, $190 million in 21st Century Community Schools, and eliminates the comprehensive literacy program. All of these are critical edu-cation programs that predominantly help people and students of color. I am also disappointed that this bill divests in our workforce, especially for communities of color, by eliminating the proven apprenticeship programs and cutting millions of our Nation’s job training programs, including re-integration of ex-offenders—again, ma-jority African-American and Latino ex- offenders—reentering into society. This budget cuts millions from that. It refuses to make in order Congress-man BOBBY SCOTT’s amendment to strike the prohibition against using Federal funds for transportation to de-segregate public schools. We are talk-ing, still, about desegregating public schools in 2017. What is worse, I offered an amend-ment in Rules to combat these dev-astating cuts to communities of color, and Republicans refused to make them in order. I offered an amendment that would have prohibited funds from being used to implement the policy memo that Attorney General Sessions has presented that rolls back the failed War on Drugs and reinstates the harshest sentences for low-level drug offenses, the majority of whom—guess what—are African Americans. I offered another amendment that would have expressed the sense of Con-gress that race-conscious admissions policies, which are designed to achieve a more diverse student body, which al-lows for the use of race as one factor, only one factor, in admissions—these policies, we have to remember, are ben-eficial to all students. So the Depart-ment of Justice should not take action to limit these benefits. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.036 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7110 September 7, 2017 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have re-maining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from New York has 16 min-utes remaining. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California an additional 1 minute. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding another minute. Mr. Speaker, we should not be trying to limit students of color access to edu-cation, which the Justice Department is trying to do. Affirmative action is critical to mitigating discriminatory practices that prevent students of color from being admitted into the schools of their choice. Attorney General Ses-sions needs to back off of this. I tried to do this through an amendment to send that message. Of course, that amendment was not made in order. Congress can help, though, renew their faith in minority communities, and the minority communities can renew their faith in Congress by not accepting this Trump agenda and sup-port clear policies that demonstrate to people of color that our lives also mat-ter in America. Unfortunately, this spending bill does just the opposite. So I hope the Members will under-stand the message that we are sending to communities of color. I just men-tioned a few of the cuts that have been put into this bill. I hope that we work to rectify the problems with it. It is past time to get back to regular order. It is past time to move each bill individually, also. It is past time to make strong investments in the Amer-ican people, which include people of color. It is past time to help grow the economy and to create good-paying jobs for everyone. So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule and ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bill. There is simply too much at stake. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to associate my-self with the comments of my friend from California. She is absolutely right. When Republicans took control of this Chamber, they committed themselves to having a more open proc-ess. I was a part of that freshman class that came in to give Republicans a ma-jority, and we have made good on that process. I want to talk about that just for a little bit. My friend from California serves on the Appropriations Committee, and I thank her for her service, Mr. Speaker. When you want to talk about an open process, that Appropriations Com-mittee went through every single bill one subcommittee at a time, hour after hour, day after day, week after week, indeed, month after month. I am grate-ful to her for that service. The bill would not be as good as it is but for the men and women who serve on the Ap-propriations Committee. But I mentioned earlier, Mr. Speaker, that one of the reasons I was proud to be carrying the rule today is that we haven’t gotten the appropriations proc-ess completed on time since Demo-cratic leadership was able to achieve that back in 2009. They couldn’t do it in their last year in power, 2010. In fact, they didn’t do the appropriations bills at all. They punted it off to the next Republican Congress. But in 2009 they did. When I talk about that commitment to openness, let’s remember, last time we had this shared success together and my friends on the other side of the aisle were leading, they allowed 17 amendments to the Financial Services bill. We are allowing twice that many today. When my friends were leading this institution the last time we completed this process, they allowed 13 amend-ments to the Interior bill. We are al-lowing six times that many. When my friends on the other side of the aisle were leading this institution, the last time we successfully com-pleted this process, they allowed five amendments to the Labor-HHS. We are allowing 10 times that many. When my friends on the other side of the aisle were leading this institution, the last time we successfully com-pleted this process on time, they al-lowed zero amendments to the Com-merce-Justice-Science bill. We allow 49—infinitely more. My friends, can we always do better together? We can. I am grateful to my friends for the hard work they put in showing up day after day to do that better. But this bill is better, and if we pass this rule, we will move to the de-bate on this bill, and we will complete this process on time in the most open fashion that any of my colleagues have seen in decades. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. I am really very fond of my colleague over there, and I appreciate his won-derful sunshine attitude. The fact is we have never seen any-thing like what we are going through now. Twice, in just the last few months, one amendment by Ms. L
EE, to finally get an AUMF so that we could authorize the wars that seem to be going on forever in the name of the United States of America was voted on in committee, passed in committee, and should have been in the bill. Lo and behold, it disappeared. I don’t think we ever did anything like that to my knowledge, and if we did, shame on us. In this very bill today, there was, again, an amendment presented in committee for the DACA people to be able to get jobs while they are waiting with the Federal Government. I am paraphrasing that because I never saw it, but that is my understanding of what that did. Once again, it was pre-sented at the committee, voted, passed, and should have been in this bill. But before it got to Rules, just like Ms. L
EE’s amendment, it just disappeared. How can you run the Government of the United States by saying that the people do their will through us? We are not sitting here to represent ourselves and do what we want to do and take one from column A and one from col-umn B. We follow rules. That is what we are supposed to do. We have to an-swer for that. I want the people of the United States to know that what we are talk-ing about here today is probably not going anywhere. As far as we know, it will not get past the Senate. Now, some miracle may happen. Who knows? Or maybe the whole thing will dis-appear—I don’t know—with no expla-nation, by the way. But we haven’t really done anything here yet except what I would call a crazy amalgamation of what the rules of the House wouldn’t even come close to allowing us to do. Any body, any Congress, any House of Representa-tives, any legislature anywhere can do what they have to do to get their budg-et ready if they throw it all in one mix and let one committee, the Appropria-tions Committee, do it. The other com-mittees had no right to talk about it. As I pointed out, again, the majority has really cut out the minority com-pletely. Do you think we knew before it got to Rules that those two amend-ments that I talked about that were terribly important had disappeared? We didn’t know that until it was given to us. Many times what we get at Rules are emergency meetings, which means one thing: no committee action. We have decided we would like to do this one this week, so let’s call it an emergency. Enough. Enough already. This is the premier legislative body in the world. The hopes, the dreams, and the aspira-tions of all Americans lie in this House. We do or we do not do what is in the best interests of the people who sent us here. I promise you it is not in the best interests to cut out all of the population of the United States—about half, almost half. In fact, I believe nu-merically we got more votes than the other side—just cut us out of the proc-ess. I have already talked about no open rules. If you can’t have an open rule whereby you can talk about amend-ments, there is nothing else for you to do. We are out of it because Democrats get very few amendments. I don’t think the Rules Committee people get hardly any at all, and then we beg for some of the best ones we would like to be made into order—never happens. We are pretty discouraged. As a mat-ter of fact, we were talking about maybe we should stage a coup, but I know that is illegal and would not work in the United States of America. So it was kind of a fleeting thought brought about by pure frustration. Mr. Speaker, Mr. SCOTT had a won-derful amendment. He is the ranking member on the Education and the Workforce Committee and is known throughout the United States for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.038 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7111 September 7, 2017 
work that he does, as is B ARBARA LEE, who is probably more well known than almost any other Member of this House. To be treated that way, to have to go back to her district and say, ‘‘Well, we tried to do these amend-ments’’—enough already. We can do it the right way. We used to. When I got here, it was entirely dif-ferent. The bipartisanship was strong. We all liked each other. It was a pretty wonderful thing. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), whose amendments should have been allowed. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman for yield-ing. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the number of amendments that were made in order by the Rules Committee, but I am appalled that the majority chose not to include one of my amendments, No. 63, to division F of H.R. 3354, which would strike a prohibition against using Federal funds for the purpose of transportation needed to desegregate public schools. This language has found its way into every appropriations act since at least 1974. The language in sections 301 and 302 of division F of the bill really represent a relic of an ugly history when States and school districts across the Nation resisted meaningful integration of pub-lic education for decades after the Su-preme Court’s ruling in Brown v. Board of Education. That resistance has worked. According to the GAO last year, our schools are more segregated by race and class today than they were in 1968. The persistence of these riders, if un-challenged, is morally reprehensible and has no place in 2017. I stand with the Congressional Black Caucus in calling for a total removal of this of-fensive language in any fiscal 2018 ap-propriations act. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We have a long and proud history in this House, but it is sometimes tough to remember exactly how that history goes, Mr. Speaker. b1330 My friend from New York has her picture up on the wall in the Rules Committee room. If you haven’t been up there, Mr. Speaker, you should go see it. My friend from New York is the first woman to have ever led the United States House of Representatives Rules Committee. She led it ably and proudly for the 4 years that the Democrats were in the majority the last decade. It is a hard job because, as the chair-man of the Rules Committee or the chairwoman of the Rules Committee, you have to make decisions. When the bills come to you from the committees of jurisdiction—the authorizing com-mittees—you often have to completely reorganize those bills. You have to meld those bills together. It is a power-ful committee because it has a solemn responsibility. Yes, in the area of Rules Committee jurisdiction and the melding of all of those pieces of legislation is what amendments get added and what amendments get taken away. My friend from California (Ms. LEE), has an absolutely legitimate gripe, as does my friend from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT). Mr. Speaker, we all think our amendments are the greatest amend-ments to be known. Mr. S
COTT led, to his credit, with say-ing: I am glad so many of my amend-ments were made in order, but I am ap-palled my one amendment was kept out. We all want all of our amendments in. But to my friend from New York’s comment that Democrats don’t get a fair shake, I will remind you, Mr. Speaker, when my friend was leading the committee, the entire House of Representatives was offered 139 chances to change the appropriations bill in 2009, the last time we completed it. With P
AULRYANleading the institu-tion, with my friend from Texas, Pete Sessions, leading the Rules Committee, we made 214 Democratic amendments in order. We have made more minority amendments in order in this process than my friends on the other side made in order for the entire House. Mr. Speaker, we have nothing to fear from openness. We have nothing to fear from a robust debate. I am so glad that we have had a chance to do that. But history should be reported accurately. The accuracy is: we can always do bet-ter. But we are doing better today than we were just a few short years ago. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, we are really getting somewhere here. What my colleague failed to say is, as far as I know and I imagine as far as he knows, that no committee has ever sent a bill to the Rules Committee completely taking away amendments that had passed in that committee and were legitimately a part of that bill. In just the last, let’s say, 2 or 3 months, two amendments legitimately passed by Democratic members in the proper committee disappeared between that committee and the Rules Com-mittee. If that is not a violation of rules, I don’t know how in the world you would ever describe it. Sure, we had a lot of open rules—I mentioned P
AUL RYAN has never had one—which gave everybody an oppor-tunity to do an amendment, all 435 us, if we chose to, but we don’t. When you talk about something coming to us from a committee, large bills some-times don’t come to us from commit-tees, but oftentimes they are written somewhere—we are not sure where— but they come to us in an emergency procedure because they have to get to the floor that week. I am not just talking about improv-ing. I am talking about following the rules of procedure laid down by his-tory, by circumstance, and by geniuses. I am talking about not appropriating those in ways that say: We just don’t want that amendment on the list. Pre-tend it never happened. Throw it in the garbage and maybe nobody will re-member it. We remember. We think that some amendments are a few things that would really move the country for-ward, and we don’t have a chance to get them put in place simply because we are the minority. That is absolutely wrong. It is undemocratic. It is hurtful to the institution and hurtful to Amer-ica. We can do better. You and I should pledge right now to work on that. I am game if you are. Mr. WOODALL. Will the gentle-woman yield? Ms. SLAUGHTER. I yield to the gen-tleman from Georgia. Mr. WOODALL. I will say to my friend that I have no better days than the days that you and I are working to-gether. I absolutely look forward to that. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Reclaiming my time, I don’t want to see that anymore. It is an embarrassment when I have to even get up to do my half of the rule and talk about what awful things have happened to us. There are more things that I need to talk about than that. I think we should cut out the games and the cuteness and all the rest of it and do our job. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. RICH-
MOND ). Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today, as a Member of the United States House of Representatives, em-barrassed. At the same time that I am embarrassed, I am also dumbfounded. I know that there are people at home that are thinking: Why would a Mem-ber of Congress, the most prestigious body in the world, be embarrassed, dumbfounded? Well, I was always taught that if you show me your budget or if you show me your legislation, then you are showing me your values. Representative S
COTT, my good friend from Virginia, had an amend-ment that would strike the prohibition that Federal funds could be used to de-segregate our public schools in this country. If you look at the GAO study, there are more schools now that are deseg-regated than in 1968. We can talk elo-quently about the history of the House and what the Democrats did when they were in control and how many amend-ments were made in order. I am not talking about how many amendments. I am talking about a specific amend-ment, a specific issue. We are perpetuating segregation in the United States of America in our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:07 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.040 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7112 September 7, 2017 
public schools. We are not allowing the States to use funds to promote integra-tion and diversity among our schools. My State—and I will own this—is still the only State under a Federal de-segregation order, because we have not completely desegregated our schools. We still have that ugly history. With everything going on in this country and school kids probably huddled around a TV right now watch-ing this institution work and they are saying: These are our leaders? We elected them to run this country? Why wouldn’t they want me to go to school with other kids of other races? That is why I am embarrassed. It is wrong. I don’t think we should just hide behind procedure, but address the issue and the moral failure and the message that we are sending to our children. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I would say to my friend from New York that I do not have other speakers remaining, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. These bills don’t have the support they need to pass the Senate. It takes 60 votes to even bring them to the floor. That means that this entire exer-cise this week has been an exercise in futility. All the while, the clock is ticking and Congress has so much to do, as I have elaborated several times this afternoon, over the next 9 legisla-tive days. If this process has been good for any-thing, it is revealing just how broken the legislative process has become under the majority’s rule. Legislation regularly comes to the House floor without any committee consideration. It just goes to rules. The majority even rammed through a healthcare repeal bill not long ago—I am sure everybody remembers that— that would impact one-sixth of our en-tire economy without first—what we need to do again in regular order—get-ting a score from the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office. They are very important. They tell us what cost and what impact it would have on the budget and on the country. So that means we had no idea of the impact of that bill on our markets or what it would cost when voting for it. The minority is routinely shut out of the process, often unable to get so much as a vote on an amendment on the House floor. When Speaker R
YAN assumed the gavel, he promised to re-turn to regular order and an open proc-ess. We have been waiting a mighty long time. Every time we offered an amendment to the bill before us in the Rules Committee, we asked that the rule be open; again, giving all Members a chance to affect that bill. Unani-mously, we are voted against and we lose all those votes 9–4. That means that both sides will not be able to af-fect that bill and it means that regular order is as far away as it ever was. Here we are, less than a month away from the end of the fiscal year, and we haven’t passed a budget resolution through the House. We were supposed to have a budget through the House, the Senate, and the conference—the conference is necessary to reconcile the House and Senate bills—by April 15. We blew through the debt limit in March and still have not dealt with that. We have yet to have a single open rule in the Rules Committee under the Speaker’s leadership. Believe me, I am sure that an awful lot of Members of this House have something to say about what is going on. It is no wonder that, according to the latest figures from Gallup, 79 percent of the public disapproves of how Con-gress is doing its job. No wonder. CBS News highlighted that it costs the taxpayers an estimated $24 million a week to operate the House of Rep-resentatives. They know that they are not getting their money’s worth. They needed 60 votes to repeal and replace healthcare, when there was no replacement in sight. I am not sure how to describe that as a legislative proposal, but what it sounds like to me is a hoax. We are going to fool you that we have really got a replacement here. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question, the rule, and the bill. I hope that my good colleague, Mr. WOODALL , and I can help fix this place to do a little better. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I don’t dispute the poll-ing numbers my friend from New York cites. In fact, I am as saddened by those numbers, as she is. But I also feel culpable; not culpable because of the work we are doing today—I think we should be proud—I feel culpable be-cause we all find ourselves in conversa-tions with one another where, instead of building the institution up, we run the institution down. What my friend from New York said about Ms. L
EE’s amendment being changed in the Rules Committee, she is absolutely right, the amendment was changed. But, Mr. Speaker, let’s be clear: it wasn’t changed in some back-room deal with smoke-filled air where no one knows what is happening and can’t read the bill. It was noticed. There was an entire paragraph dedi-cated to saying: Hey, this is unusual. This doesn’t happen that often. We want all the cards on the table so ev-erybody knows. Just understand we made this change this time around. Mr. Speaker, getting the work done in this institution is hard. It leads to conflicting goals. You heard folks from the other side of the aisle say: We are not spending nearly enough time on this bill. We need to make even more amendments in order. And you heard folks on other side of the aisle say: This whole bill is an exercise in futil-ity. I don’t know why we are wasting even one moment on it. It is tough to satisfy both of those concerns simultaneously. We have got this rule book called the United States Constitution. It doesn’t ask a whole lot of the United States Congress. It does ask us to appropriate the money. Under the leadership of both parties, Mr. Speaker, this House has failed to get that done on time year after year. This year, the bipartisan Appropria-tions Committee in subcommittee, in full committee, worked tirelessly, as I said, not for days, not for weeks, but for months. One bill at a time. In fact, one line at a time. That product was brought together by the Rules Committee last month, August 16, Mr. Speaker. That amal-gamation of bills was posted on the internet for all the world to see and read. Every Member of this Congress had a chance to bring their ideas about how to make it better. The Rules Committee got together, looked at those ideas, made more of those ideas in order for debate than we have seen in decades for bills that get completed on time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. WOODALL. I yield to the gentle-woman from New York. Ms. SLAUGHTER. The Rules Com-mittee did not get together. The major-ity of the Rules Committee got to-gether. We had no action in that game whatsoever. b1345 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I am al-ways compelled to yield to my friend from New York because I am so fond of her and because her leadership has meant so much to this institution. My friend has served on the Rules Committee for even longer than I have, and so my friend understands how the Rules Committee works even better than I do. I don’t want to engage my friend in a colloquy, at least not in my closing statement. We should have this con-versation on day 1. Please, my friend from New York, give us one more word. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, just to speak on accuracy: don’t say the Rules Committee got together and went over those. Say the Rules Com-mittee majority got together and went over those. You know, that is all I ask. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I wel-come my friend’s constructive counsel, but I know for a fact that her calendar looks just like mine does, and that means that we are going in in the early afternoon and we are not getting out till late at night. Why? Because you and I are sitting just three Members apart listening to Member after Member make their case, and in the spirit of accuracy, don’t let it be said that our Members coming and testifying doesn’t make a dif-ference because it does. You and I both believe that. We know it to be true, and it is important that it be true. Those Members come and they tes-tify, they make their case, and then we vote up or down on those amendments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.042 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7113 September 7, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, can we do better? We can. And I will work with absolutely any colleague of any political stripe of any region to do better at any time, but let’s do recognize that we made a commitment to ourselves to get this job done for the first time in a decade. By coming to the floor right now, Mr. Speaker, quarter of 2 on a Thursday afternoon passing this rule, we are going to get this job done together for the first time in a long time. Will we wake up tomorrow and try to do better? You know that we will. Should we take a moment to thank the folks who helped us get here? You know that we should. Mr. Speaker, you are surrounded left and right by Members of the House team. The parliamentarians worked tirelessly to approve the amendments, to make sure they are all written and drafted properly. I want to thank the parliamentarian team for the work that they do. Mr. Speaker, we kick CBO a lot in this place because we don’t like their score one day, we like it the next. CBO has to go through these amendments, score these amendments. I am grateful to them for the work they did to make this possible. Legislative counsel goes through, with each Member of Congress, making sure that every ‘‘i’’ is in the right place, every ‘‘t’’ is crossed. It is not a small task. It is a gargantuan task, and they do it on these big bills day in and day out. I am grateful for that. You are starting to see some of the appropriators come down, Mr. Speaker. Long after my friend from New York and I have left this Chamber, the ap-propriations team is going to be here until the wee hours of the morning once again going through each and every line and each and every amend-ment. I think about what my friend from Louisiana said about the school chil-dren who are turning on C–SPAN and watching this process. I don’t know what they think goes into making this happen, but what I know goes into making this happen is a lot of hard work, staff work, Member work, a lot of big hearts, and a lot of big brains sitting down together hashing through these issues. This rule is worth supporting. The underlying legislation is worth sup-porting, Mr. Speaker, and I ask all of my colleagues to do exactly that. The material previously referred to by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 504 O FFERED BY  M
S. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 4. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long- term United States residents and who en-tered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is ENTI-TLED to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5-minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 227, nays 186, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 457] YEAS—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.044 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7114 September 7, 2017 
Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—20 
Bridenstine Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett LaMalfa Lowenthal Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Tsongas Wagner Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
b1412 Ms. PINGREE changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. ROKITA and Mrs. HARTZLER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 222, nays 190, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 458] YEAS—222 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—190 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—21 
Bridenstine Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett LaMalfa Meadows Pelosi Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Tsongas Wagner Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.005 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7115 September 7, 2017 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1422 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 500 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3354. Will the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ) kindly take the chair. b1424 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. P
ALMER in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 88 printed in part B of House Report 115–295, as modified, of-fered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) had been disposed of. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 115– 295 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 71 by Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. Amendment No. 74 by Ms. R
OYBAL - A
LLARD of California. Amendment No. 75 by Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. Amendment No. 76 by Mr. C
ORREA of California. Amendment No. 77 by Mr. H
UNTER of California. Amendment No. 80, as modified, by Mr. K
INGof Iowa. Amendment No. 81 by Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. Amendment No. 84 by Ms. J
AYAPAL of Washington. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 71 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 205, noes 207, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 459] AYES—205 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth 
NOES—207 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Budd Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poliquin Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—21 
Bridenstine Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Maloney, Carolyn B. Meadows Pelosi Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Tsongas Wagner Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1429 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MS . ROYBAL - 
ALLARD  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. R
OY-
BAL-ALLARD ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:07 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.049 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7116 September 7, 2017 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 170, noes 241, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 460] AYES—170 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NOES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—22 
Bridenstine Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Meadows Nolan Pelosi Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rush Scalise Tsongas Wagner Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1432 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 203, noes 211, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 461] AYES—203 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Ferguson Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth 
NOES—211 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.052 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7117 September 7, 2017 
Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—19 
Bridenstine Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Meadows Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Tsongas Wagner Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1437 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Chair, due to the impending landfall of Hurricane Irma in Florida, I departed Washington, D.C. to be in my district during this natural disaster. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 457. ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 458. ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 459. ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 460. ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 461. 
AMENDMENT NO . 76 OFFERED BY MR . CORREA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 182, noes 229, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 462] AYES—182 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—22 
Brat Bridenstine Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Hensarling Meadows Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Shuster Tsongas Wagner Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1441 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UN-
TER) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.009 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7118 September 7, 2017 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 245, noes 168, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 463] AYES—245 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Clarke (NY) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Culberson Davis, Rodney DelBene Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—168 
Adams Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Budd Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Conyers Cooper Crowley Cuellar Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rogers (AL) Rooney, Francis Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sires Slaughter Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—20 
Bridenstine Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Meadows Pelosi Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Tsongas Wagner Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1446 Mr. LAWSON of Florida changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. FLEISCHMANN changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 80, AS MODIFIED , OFFERED BY  
MR. KING OF IOWA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 173, noes 240, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 464] AYES—173 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Dent DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
NOES—240 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Donovan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.058 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7119 September 7, 2017 
Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—20 
Bridenstine Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Meadows Pelosi Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Tsongas Wagner Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1450 So the amendment, as modified, was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 81 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 183, noes 230, not voting 20, as follows 
[Roll No. 465] AYES—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—20 
Bridenstine Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Meadows Pelosi Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Tsongas Wagner Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1454 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED BY MS . JAYAPAL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Dec 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\H07SE7.REC H07SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7120 September 7, 2017 
The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 180, noes 230, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 466] AYES—180 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—23 
Bridenstine Castor (FL) Cole Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Emmer Garrett Meadows Pelosi Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Scalise Tsongas Wagner Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1511 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Chair, due to the impending landfall of Hurricane Irma in Florida, I departed Washington, D.C. to be in my district during this natural disaster. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 462. ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 463. ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 464. ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 465. ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 466. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
ROGERS OF KENTUCKY  
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, pursuant to House Resolution 500, as the designee of Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B
OST). The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 4 consisting of amendment Nos. 90, 93, 100, 102, 103, 104, 105, 108, 109, 111, and 117, printed in part B of House Report 115–295, offered by Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: 
AMENDMENT NO . 90 OFFERED BY MRS . LOWEY OF  
NEW YORK  Page 858, line 11, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 93 OFFERED BY MR . MITCHELL  
OF MICHIGAN  At the end of division G (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON CONFERENCE ATTENDANCE  S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to attend the Canadian Water Re-sources Association’s National 2018 Con-ference, ‘‘Our Common Water Future: Build-ing Resilience through Innovation’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 100 OFFERED BY MR . VALADAO  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 890, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,500,000) (increased by $1,500,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 102 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH OF  
MASSACHUSETTS  Page 898, line 1, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,545,000)’’. Page 902, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,545,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 103 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER OF  
ILLINOIS  Page 899, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 104 OFFERED BY MR . BUDD OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  Page 1001, beginning on line 1, after ‘‘indi-viduals’’ insert ‘‘, including family members of Palestinians,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 105 OFFERED BY MRS . TORRES  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 1056, line 18, insert ‘‘except for funds made available for the International Com-mission against Impunity in Guatemala or the Mission to Support the Fight against Corruption and Impunity in Honduras,’’ after ‘‘and Honduras,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 108 OFFERED BY MR . TROTT OF  
MICHIGAN  At the end of division G (before the spend-ing reduction account), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the of funds made avail-able by this division may be used by the De-partment of State to close or merge the Of-fice of International Religious Freedom. 
AMENDMENT NO . 109 OFFERED BY MR . SCHNEIDER  
OF ILLINOIS  At the end of division G (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. l. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to close the Office of the Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism of the Department of State or to merge such Office with any other office or entity in the Depart-ment of State. 
AMENDMENT NO . 111 OFFERED BY MR . TED LIEU  
OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of division G (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. l. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to close the Office of Global Criminal Justice of the Department of State or to merge such Office with any other office or entity in the Department of State. 
AMENDMENT NO . 117 OFFERED BY MR . MEEKS OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of division G (before the short title), insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.064 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7121 September 7, 2017 
SEC. l. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to reduce the num-ber of fellows in the Charles B. Rangel Inter-national Affairs Program, the Thomas R. Pickering Foreign Affairs Fellowship Pro-gram, or the Donald M. Payne International Development Fellowship Program below cur-rent levels. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment within the en bloc amendments as a step to protect the Great Lakes. Ontario Power Generation, a Cana-dian energy company, has proposed to build an underground nuclear waste fa-cility along the shores of Lake Huron, which borders my district. Their plan is nothing short of irre-sponsible. Any failure at this site would have devastating impacts on Michigan and Canada, which rely on the Great Lakes for drinking water, tourism, and commerce. Canada and OPG have displayed in-transigence in the face of the near uni-versal objection of my constituents, and many of the residents of the Great Lakes region. My amendment serves to further highlight to the Canadian Gov-ernment the gravity of this issue. b1515 The International Joint Commission was developed to resolve binational water disputes between the United States and Canada, yet they have not addressed this critical risk to the Great Lakes. My amendment would prohibit staff from attending or par-ticipating in an annual Canadian water resources conference, ironically, titled, ‘‘Our Common Water Future.’’ Prohibiting staff from attending this conference does not substantially re-late to the IJC’s core mission of pro-tecting shared waters, but it sends an important message to our neighbors in Canada. It is time for the Canadian Government to take our concerns seri-ously regarding this potential threat to our precious Great Lakes. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ), who is a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment, which is included in this en bloc pack-age. My amendment would protect the Of-fice of the Special Envoy to monitor and combat anti-Semitism and ensure its continued operation. Anti-Semitism not only still exists today, but it is on the rise in many places around the world. Just last month, a motorist in France yelled, ‘‘Kill the Jew,’’ as he advanced with a knife toward a Jewish male who was wearing a Star of David necklace. Keeping this office intact, appointing a special envoy, and providing ade-quate staff is incredibly important as we continue to fight anti-Semitism around the world. I would like to thank my colleagues for including my amendment in the en bloc package, and I ask them all to join me in voting for it. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ). Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment, which ensures critical funding for on-going demining projects in Nagorno- Karabakh. As a result of land mines laid during the Nagorno-Karabakh war, the men, women, and children of the region have lived their lives under the constant threat of crippling injury or death from an exploding mine. Not only have many families in Nagorno-Karabakh lost loved ones as a result of land mine accidents, families have had their en-tire livelihoods destroyed from eco-nomic and societal consequences. Since 2000, the HALO Trust, an orga-nization dedicated to restoring commu-nities threatened by various weapons of war, has cleared more than approxi-mately 90 percent of the minefields scattered throughout Nagorno- Karabakh. According to the organiza-tion, $8 million will be required to make the region mine-free by 2020. My amendment will help secure $1.5 mil-lion to be used as an important down-payment for this effort. Mr. Chairman, ensuring families in Nagorno-Karabakh can live without fear of land mine accidents is indis-putable, and I urge my colleagues in the House of Representatives to sup-port my amendment. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. T
ORRES ), who is a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer my amendment to this appro-priations bill. This amendment would strengthen the International Commission against Impunity in Guatemala, CICIG, and the Mission to Support the Fight against Corruption and Impunity in Honduras. Specifically, it would exempt both in-stitutions from the conditions that Congress has placed on U.S. assistance to Central America. I am strongly supportive of condi-tions on aid to Central America, but the conditions must not interfere with the work of CICIG and MACCIH, which have been valuable allies in the fight against corruption and have helped the people of Honduras and Guatemala work toward a more secure and pros-perous future. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this amendment. I do support the en bloc amendment, and I appreciate the chairman’s inclusion of amendments from Democratic Mem-bers as well. I am very pleased that the en bloc in-cludes a procedural amendment to allow me to discuss the deportation status of Mr. Jakiw Palij, a former Nazi guard. I had filed an amendment that would have directly addressed the deportation status of Mr. Jakiw Palij, but it was ruled out of order by the Rules Committee. The U.S. State Department must en-sure that justice is served and that Mr. Palij is held accountable for his crimes. He served as a guard at the Nazi Trawniki camp. This camp was the site of untold atrocities, including the death of thousands of blameless victims at the hands of the Nazi re-gime. Mr. Palij’s role at the Trawniki camp served the Nazi regime by trap-ping men, women, and children in inhu-mane conditions, where they waited for their untimely deaths. After the Holocaust, Mr. Palij came to the United States, where he omitted his service at the Nazi camp, and even-tually he became a U.S. citizen. When his crimes during the Holocaust came to light, the United States stripped him of his citizenship, but he continues to reside in New York, as Poland, Ger-many, and Ukraine have each declined to take him. I believe that it is time for Mr. Palij to be held accountable for his crimes. So, again, I thank the chairman for in-cluding this in the en bloc amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Would the Chair advise whether or not amend-ment No. 103 is included in the en bloc? The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the Clerk will redesignate amend-ments en bloc No. 4. There was no objection. The Clerk redesignated amendments en bloc No. 4. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, I urge the adoption of amend-ments en bloc, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 91 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 91 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 861, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by 30,000,000)’’. Page 861, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by 30,000,000)’’. Page 898, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by 30,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.017 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7122 September 7, 2017 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. R OTHFUS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My submitted amendment, No. 91 to division G, the State and Foreign Ops Appropriations bill, transfers $30 mil-lion to the International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement account, or INCLE. The proposed $30 million transfer would allow INCLE funding to remain consistent with 2017 levels. One notable program that INCLE as-sists is the Merida Initiative. As we all here know, our Nation is reeling from an out-of-control opioid epidemic. My district in western Pennsylvania, like so many throughout the United States, has been particularly hard hit. Accord-ing to the DEA, overdoses in Pennsyl-vania rose by 37 percent last year. At-torney General Sessions recently said that drug overdoses are the top lethal issue in the country today. Across the border in Mexico, our neighbor is suffering from massive lev-els of violence and murder, mostly fueled by drug trafficking organiza-tions, and the violence levels are in-creasing. Mexico’s monthly murder rate has now reached a 20-year high. Mr. Chairman, the Merida Initiative is a partnership between the United States and the Mexican Government that combats drug cartels and orga-nized crime in Mexico. It also helps to strengthen the Mexican justice system by fostering the rule of law and respect for human rights. Mr. Chairman, the majority of heroin and other narcotics, including fentanyl, smuggled into the U.S. come through Mexico or pass through it. Preventing drugs from ever crossing the border is a crucial step to healing our Nation. In order to reduce the flow of nar-cotics coming over the border, we need to do everything we can to help our international law enforcement partners fight drug traffickers in their own country. The United States had pre-vious successes with these types of drug interdiction programs, particu-larly in Colombia in the 1990s. We can replicate that success in Mexico if we invest in the INCLE and in our foreign law enforcement allies. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Maryland is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Chairman, whatever priority or alternative use of these funds is being proposed, I can’t imagine that it would compete with where this money is being taken away from. The $30 million that has been identified would be taken away from the Fulbright Program, which is one of the most effective programs of public diplomacy the United States has ever produced. Authored by William Fulbright, it has established cultural exchange for decades between the United States and countries around the world and done so much good in terms of projecting American values abroad and inviting people from other countries to come here to the United States to learn about our Nation and what we stand for. I admit that I am biased. I had the privilege and honor, back in 1984, to go to Greece on a Fulbright scholarship, and I saw firsthand the benefits of that program. There are 37 current and former heads of state or government and 57 Nobel laureates who are alumni of the Fulbright Program. The various pro-grams of international cultural ex-change are a signature of international exchange that we have in this country. It is really the crown jewel of those programs, and to take any money away from the program, I think, is a very se-rious mistake. I would also add that investment in the Fulbright Program leverages a tre-mendous amount of additional re-sources when you look at what other countries have put into the equation. The program now operates in 165 coun-tries around the world, and 49 of those countries match or exceed the funding that the United States puts into the program. So, in other words, we have invited countries around the world to step up and partner with us through the Ful-bright Program on international ex-change. They have taken that invita-tion seriously, and they have put sig-nificant resources behind it, which has kept the program strong even though funding, recently, here in this country has been flat. If anything, we should be increasing our investment in a program like this at a time when public diplomacy and making sure that people around the world understand who we are and what we stand for should be a number one priority. I urge my colleagues, Mr. Chairman, to reject this amendment. I think it is a mistake. There are 1,300 U.S. colleges and universities, half of which are pub-lic and more than 125 of which are mi-nority serving, that now benefit from hosting Fulbright scholars here in the United States. Mr. Chairman, I urge opposition to this amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, this amendment should not be viewed as any criticism of the merits of the Ful-bright Program. I don’t have any. But we are talking about prioritization. The INCLE program has been cut by $36 million. b1530 We are in the throes of a catastrophic opioid epidemic in this country, and Mexico is suffering from untold vio-lence. The headlines tell the story: ‘‘Mexico’s bloody drug war is killing more people than ever.’’ LA Times, July 22, 2017. ‘‘26 people killed in northern Mexico gunfight as drug cartel violence con-tinues to rise.’’ LA Times, July 5, 2017. ‘‘Mexico City has mostly been spared from grisly drug violence. Now that may be changing.’’ The Washington Post, July 26, 2017. ‘‘U.S. warns of rise in drug cartel vio-lence in Chihuahua.’’ El Paso Times, July 7, 2017. ‘‘Acapulco is now Mexico’s Murder Capital.’’ The Washington Post, August 24, 2017. ‘‘The Deadliest Assignment: Report-ing in Mexico.’’ CBS News, August 21, 2017. ‘‘Gunmen Kill Prominent Mexican Journalist Who Covered Drug Cartel.’’ The New York Times, May 15, 2017. ‘‘Another journalist has been gunned down in Mexico—the eighth killed this year.’’ LA Times, July 31, 2017. ‘‘A Mexican reporter was in a pro-gram to protect journalists. He was still killed.’’ LA Times, August 23, 2017. He was the 10th journalist killed this year. Then, there are the headlines in my district: ‘‘Cambria County coroner again ‘sounding the alarm’ as OD deaths ac-celerate.’’ Johnstown Tribune Demo-crat, February 14, 2017. ‘‘A young couple died of overdose, po-lice say. Their baby died of starvation days later.’’ The Washington Post, De-cember 25, 2016. ‘‘Beaver County overdose deaths still on the rise in 2017.’’ Beaver County Times, May 25, 2017. ‘‘Allegheny County drug overdose deaths surge to 613 in 2016, breaking record.’’ Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, April 6, 2017. ‘‘Heroin overdose of 11-year-old Pitts-burgh girl not a sign of childhood epi-demic, experts says.’’ TribLive, May 5, 2017. ‘‘Mother grieves for son, asks God to ‘damn heroin.’’’ Johnstown Tribune Democrat, March 5, 2016. Mr. Chairman, we have budget con-straints. We need to be putting the re-sources where the problem is. We have an opioid epidemic in this country. We have violence in Latin America. The funds that I seek to move into INCLE will help to stem these crises. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Chairman, I certainly don’t quarrel with the con-cerns and priorities that my colleague has set forth. Let’s find resources to address those issues, but let’s not take them from a proven valuable program like the Fulbright Program. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ). Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate my colleague’s effort to boost funding for a successful assistance pro-gram such as the Merida Initiative. The flow of drugs into the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.071 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7123 September 7, 2017 
States is a serious concern and more emphasis should be put on both the de-mand and supply side of the issue. However, I cannot support an amend-ment to take from another very suc-cessful program such as the Fulbright Program. The Fulbright Program is our flag-ship public diplomacy program. It has run for over 70 years and boasts more than 370,000 alumni that are now in leadership positions and have a posi-tive connection with the United States. These alumni include 37 current or former heads of state, 57 Nobel Laure-ates, 82 Pulitzer Prize winners, 29 Mac-Arthur Fellows Foundation, 16 Presi-dential Medal of Freedom recipients, and thousands of leaders across pri-vate, public, and non-private sectors. There are 1,300 U.S. institutions that actively participate in the Fulbright Program, either receiving or sending students to become global citizens, a requirement in today’s interconnected economy. In our challenging times, Mr. Chair-man, we cannot hinder such an effec-tive diplomatic tool as the Fulbright Program. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, again, this amendment is not meant to bring a detraction to the Fulbright Program. Even with the amendment, the Ful-bright Program will be funded at more than $200 million to support the initia-tives that the opponents to the amend-ment would cite. Again, I talk about priorities. I talk about the grips of the crisis that we are seeing in this country and our neighbor to the south, Mexico. We need to be working together to address this prob-lem. Programs like the Merida Initia-tive are key to solving both the crisis in Mexico and the crisis here in the United States. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 92 OFFERED BY MR . AUSTIN  
SCOTT OF GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 92 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 864, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 898, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would in-crease the appropriations for the West-ern Hemisphere regional security co-operation account by $10 million and reduce the appropriation for contribu-tions to the international organiza-tions account by $10 million. These funds will be appropriated to the International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs account and are available for 2 years. Thus, the State Department would have to obligate the funds within that timeframe. Mr. Chairman, we lose between 4,000 and 5,000 of our fellow Americans to drug overdoses every month. This amendment reallocates $10 million to the International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs account at the State Department. This will provide additional resources to combat the dangerous and illegal actions of transnational criminal organizations by supporting the efforts of the Gov-ernment of Colombia in enhancing re-gional security capabilities to provide training and technical assistance to partners in Central and South Amer-ica. Over the years, Colombia has made continuous progress in abating nar-cotics trafficking through various eradication operations and law enforce-ment efforts. Between 2009 and 2013, Co-lombia trained more than 22,000 mili-tary and law enforcement officers from Central America and the Caribbean countries in security operations and human and drug trafficking interdic-tion. By increasing funding for training and assistance activities conducted by Colombian police and military forces, we enable Colombia to train even more regional police forces to function inde-pendently. As it is here in the U.S., local law en-forcement serves as the foundation for interdiction and counter-drug oper-ations in Central American and Carib-bean countries. Our strategic partner-ship with Colombia is aimed at pro-ducing both short- and long-term re-sults in regional security. Over time, Colombian training and expertise provided to underdeveloped regional police forces will decrease re-liance on U.S. funding. Part of this progress includes the development of Colombia’s rural police force, where a vast majority of narcotics are grown, produced, and prepped for export to the United States. Just a few months ago, I had the op-portunity to visit the Joint Inter-agency Task Force South and SOUTHCOM’s headquarters in Florida to hear and see firsthand the chal-lenges that migrant and drug interdic-tion within the Caribbean region pose on homeland and national security. I can tell you that it was an eye- opening experience, and I appreciate even more the work our Federal and local enforcement agencies are doing in interdiction and intervention. When it comes to stemming the flow of narcotics to the United States, a big part of overcoming the challenges we face is ensuring that our strategic partners have the support they need to continue their efforts to tackle these threats head-on. We must continue to support these efforts. They play a critical role in not only reducing the drug flow over our borders, but promoting stability and peace throughout Central and South America. It is no secret that the United States faces a drug epidemic that touches all corners of our Nation. This amendment is just one more contribution to a multieffort, multinational approach to all law enforcement personnel involved in these efforts, as well as our allies in the region. I thank them for the impor-tant work they do in reducing the flow of drugs into the United States. Mr. Chairman, I encourage adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, this amendment, unfortunately, would harm American leadership on the glob-al stage, cutting our investment in the international organizations account by $10 million. Mr. Chairman, this bill already underfunds diplomacy and development when we should be investing more in these critical components of our na-tional security. Cutting resources for our work in international organiza-tions would take us further in the wrong direction. Just so we are clear about which international organizations we are talking about, they are NATO, the World Health Organization, and the International Atomic Energy Agency. Do we really want to damage the ef-fectiveness of these organizations and our ability to lead from within them? Congress just passed critical sanc-tions on Russia. NATO is the main or-ganization defending Europe against Vladimir Putin’s aggression. But in-stead of bolstering the NATO alliance, this amendment would only reinforce the reluctance to support the North Atlantic Alliance by some in the ad-ministration. This should worry law-makers on both sides of the aisle as well as Americans at home following the debate. How about the World Health Organi-zation? The last time I looked, the World Health Organization was fight-ing the Zika and Ebola outbreaks. Do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.072 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7124 September 7, 2017 
we now want to slash its funding and undermine its role of responding to the next major pandemic? I can assure you that the diseases we don’t combat abroad today eventually will reach our shores. North Korea is threatening the globe with nuclear weapons. Iran remains not far behind. So I cannot fathom why we would want to cut funding for the IAEA, given its crucial role in moni-toring nuclear safety around the world. Of course, this amendment would also reduce our support for the U.N. regular budget. Withholding this fund-ing could cause the United States to fall behind at the U.N., further dimin-ishing our standing in the world, call-ing into question our commitment as a global leader, and ceding ground to Vladimir Putin and others who are happy to expand their reach but who do not share our values. In fact, even a senior administration official, our own Ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, has said on many occasions that while she sup-ports efforts to reform the U.N., she does not support a ‘‘slash and burn’’ ap-proach. This amendment, unfortunately, is a ‘‘slash and burn’’ approach, Mr. Chair-man, and I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing it. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), my esteemed colleague who is the ranking member of the Appropria-tions Committee and a fellow New Yorker. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. I agree with the gentleman’s senti-ments to put greater emphasis and en-gagement with our Southern neigh-bors. The United States can and should be very involved with the issues in our own backyard, especially those involv-ing crime and drug smuggling. How-ever, to fund this increased engage-ment, this amendment takes a further cut from the contributions to the international organizations account, which funds our assessed contributions to the U.N. and other international bodies. This account is already $188 million below our current enacted level and will put us in further arrears to our international partners. I also think it is important to note that the offset proposed by the gentle-man’s amount would also come at the expense of our support to regional part-ners, such as the Organization of Amer-ican States, the Pan American Health Organization, and the Inter-American Institute for Cooperation on Agri-culture. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I think the gentleman is trying to put money in place for something with which I agree. It is not that I disagree with it, but I disagree with where he is taking the money from. I think that is the problem with it. Hopefully, we can, when it comes time for a final budget, include both of these. But to borrow from Peter to pay Paul, I think is not a good idea. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I would just reiterate that it removes less than 1 percent of the account. So 99 percent of the account remains in place. It will help reduce the flow of drugs into the United States. We will lose be-tween 4,000 and 5,000 Americans not next year, but next month. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. ROGERS ). b1545 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, the gentleman has offered, I think, a reasonably good amendment, and we would like to see it adopted, so I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN  S
COTT). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, there is bi-partisan consensus that our foreign as-sistance should be as effective and effi-cient as possible. That is why I am deeply concerned that several amend-ments offered by myself and my col-leagues to address the destructive poli-cies facing women’s health were blocked from consideration on this bill. We know the disastrous effects of the global gag rule, which force reproduc-tive health providers to choose between receiving U.S. funds or providing com-prehensive healthcare. But this bill would exponentially increase the dam-age of the global gag rule by expanding its application to all global health as-sistance. It is unconscionable to insert abor-tion politics into lifesaving programs that prevent pandemics, lower rates of maternal and child deaths, and treat those suffering from malnutrition, HIV, AIDS, and malaria. Since May, organizations have been trying to ensure compliance with un-clear guidance. Most do not yet know the impact on their programs or whether they will be able to find new partners in hard-to-serve areas. Expanding this policy without know-ing the impact is senseless and will jeopardize lives. The bill also prohibits funding for UNFPA, a primary U.S. partner ensuring women fleeing vio-lence have safe maternal care. The United States neither can nor should conduct programs in every country. We currently conduct bilat-eral family planning programs in 34 countries. By contributing to UNFPA, we can help women in nearly 100 addi-tional countries get access to needed services. This bill ignores the fact that family planning is the most effective way to prevent abortion and unwanted preg-nancies, and it decimates the effective-ness of our global programs for mil-lions. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. LEE), my colleague on the State, Foreign Oper-ations Subcommittee who has been an effective, aggressive advocate on a whole range of issues and an invaluable member of our committee. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank our ranking member for yield-ing, but also I just want to thank her for her tireless leadership on our sub-committee and full committee. You truly are a champion for all Ameri-cans, especially women and girls not only in our own country but all around the world. So it is really too bad we have to stand here and even debate this again, but thank you again for your leadership. I am proud to speak in support of our ranking member’s amendment to strike two poison pill riders in this bill. Now, my colleagues and I have of-fered amendments to strike these ideo-logical—that is what they are—provi-sions both in the full Appropriations Committee and again during the Rules Committee. It is outrageous, quite frankly, that the majority refuse to allow these amendments to even come to the floor for a debate. Now, I have fought long and hard against the global gag rule, which de-nies family planning funding to organi-zations who want to help women plan their families. We have been fighting this now for at least, myself, two dec-ades. This cruel policy is really a political football putting lives at risk just to score a few cheap political points. President Trump and this Republican majority have taken this extreme pol-icy to the limits, expanded it to all global health funding. Let me be clear. This policy will cost lives. This administration’s actions have consequences, and, sadly, it is the most vulnerable women and girls who will pay the price. The expanded global gag rule also undermines our long-standing bipartisan foreign aid prior-ities like fighting gender-based vio-lence and ending AIDS. On top of that, this bill includes a prohibition of funding for UNFPA, again, based on pure ideology. UNFPA works in some of the most dangerous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.074 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7125 September 7, 2017 
places, giving care to those who need it the most. They treat victims of sexual violence and provide menstrual hy-giene services and maternity care in humanitarian crisis settings. I visited many times UNFPA projects all around the world, and I have seen firsthand the tremendous impacts these programs have on the lives of those they serve. Defunding these pro-grams truly will kill women. I urge my colleagues to reject these harmful riders, reject this bill, and get back to regular order. It is time to stop trying to push through these really un-tenable bills that really are very dan-gerous to women and girls throughout the world and babies. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
AM-
BORN ) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment numbered 6 to the bill (H.R. 601) ‘‘An Act to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic edu-cation and improved learning out-comes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes.’’, with an amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT NO . 94 OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B OST). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 94 printed in part B of House Re-port 115–295. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 874, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $35,300,000)’’. Page 1140, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $35,300,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I rise for the opportunity to speak about my amendment to the State and Foreign Operations division of H.R. 3354. Mr. Chairman, we are facing some tough choices. Our Nation is nearly $20 trillion in debt. We are going to debate lifting the debt ceiling in the coming days. Simply put, we cannot afford to continue recklessly spending on dupli-cative and wasteful programs. The United States Institute of Peace is a perfect example of a duplicative program that must be reexamined. The Institute’s charter states that the or-ganization was established to promote international peace and the resolution of conflict among the nations and peo-ples of the world without recourse to violence. These are laudable and worthy goals, but it sounds a lot like the mission statement of another taxpayer-backed diplomatic organization, the United States Department of State. The State Department’s operational mission is to create a more secure, democratic, and prosperous world for the benefit of the American people and the international community. Why is Congress funding an independent think tank that supports the same mission as another Federal Government agency? The U.S. Institute of Peace is far from the only organization on the ground working to foster peace across the globe. Since its inception, the U.S. Institute of Peace has awarded thou-sands of grants to other peace organi-zations. There are also more than 150 colleges and universities offering peace studies programs across the United States. Why are we earmarking an additional $35.3 million in public funds to support a think tank that duplicates the State Department’s mission, uses its public funds to support other peace-promoting organizations, and can raise millions of dollars in private funds to promote its own work? For this reason, Members on both sides of the aisle have supported ending this program. In fact, this same amend-ment was offered by a Democratic member from New York to an appro-priations bill in 2011. The amendment passed with a strong bipartisan vote. The White House recently proposed eliminating Federal funding to the In-stitute noting that it duplicates not only other Federal programs but also nonprofit and private sector organiza-tions. In addition to the duplicative nature of its work, the Institute’s authoriza-tion has expired. The underlying fund-ing contained in the bill is not even al-lowed under House rules. The authorization process is vital to ensuring that the American taxpayer is protected from waste. At the very least, we should withhold funding until the Institute is reauthorized. Our kids and grandkids are relying on us to find a solution to this problem rather than continuing to dig the hole deeper. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, each and every one of us has a moral obligation to challenge ourselves to make this little piece of real estate that we call Earth better for genera-tions yet unborn. USIP does good and great work by teaching people around the world to strive to create a society at peace with itself and its neighbors. We spend millions and billions of dol-lars on guns, bombs, and missiles. Can we spend just a few pennies, a few dimes, a few dollars on peace? This world, this planet is, not ours to hoard, waste, and destroy. Mr. Chair-man, I ask you: What is wrong with supporting the way of peace, the way of love, the way of nonviolence? What is wrong with teaching communities to respect the dignity and the worth of every human being? What is wrong with preventing conflict and keeping our military personnel safe and out of harm’s way? Mr. Chairman, on the question of pre-venting war and on the challenge of keeping peace, there should be no price tag, but USIP does good and great work on a shoestring budget. It is a small agency which teaches the way of peace, the way of love. Their small staff help communities solve problems through dialogue rather than weapons. Mr. Chairman, this is not the first time that we consider an amendment to abolish the U.S. Institute of Peace, but I hope this will be the last. I urge each and every one of my colleagues to vote against this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, first I want to thank the gentleman from Col-orado for the amendment and the com-mittee for the opportunity. The U.S. Institute of Peace is intended to be a nonpartisan independent national in-stitute funded by Congress, and I ques-tion both the nonpartisan nature of the Institute and the need, quite honestly, for the Federal Government to fund it now, at least $1 billion over these many years at $35 million a year, and, as the gentleman from Colorado said, in a du-plicative effort. Nobody is against peace and nobody is against love. The question is: Do we need a State Department doing it at the cost of billions of dollars and then this other organization doing the exact same work at a cost of another $35 mil-lion annually when we are $20 trillion in debt and more, maybe up to $200 tril-lion in unfunded liabilities? And then to add insult to injury, regarding the nonpartisan independent nature that the taxpayers are forced to fund, on January 5th of 2016, on an episode of C– SPAN, Manal Omar, the acting vice president for the Middle East and Afri-ca Center conducted a highly divisive, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.077 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7126 September 7, 2017 
partisan attack on then-leading Repub-lican primary candidate Donald Trump and the Republican party as a whole. Some of her more egregious state-ments include: ‘‘What Trump is doing is inciting violence, make no mistake about it. He has blood on his hands.’’ And ‘‘Trump and other Republican rhetoric have validated that type of vi-olence against Muslims. It has given them an excuse to actually turn the negative rhetoric into violence.’’ b1600 Her comments followed the violent attacks in San Bernardino and Paris. To my knowledge, no punitive action was taken against Ms. Omar, and she continues to serve as the associate vice president for the Middle East and Afri-ca Center at USIP. I wrote the Institute a letter in that regard inquiring as to her status, whether there would be punitive meas-ures taken for this obvious partisan and vicious attack on the Republican Party and the candidate that was then leading, and, of course, I didn’t hear back until, oh, I don’t know, 2 days ago, when we saw that there was an amendment to defund the U.S. Insti-tute of Peace. Again, Mr. Chairman, to add insult to injury, this place spends $35 million, including telling the American people what they should think about their politicians. That is not their mission, that is not what we are paying for, and that is why we should stop paying for it. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair would remind Members that remarks in de-bate may not engage in personalities toward the President, including by re-peating remarks carried elsewhere that would be improper if spoken in the Member’s own words. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ), the chairman of the State, Foreign Operations Subcommittee. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in respectful disagreement with my colleague who offered this amendment. The United States Institute of Peace works to help prevent, reduce, and re-solve violent conflicts abroad. The In-stitute works alongside our military, our diplomats, and development ex-perts in some of the most conflict-af-fected and fragile environments, in-cluding Iraq, Afghanistan, Tunisia, South Sudan, and Ukraine. Elimi-nating the U.S. Institute of Peace would hamper our efforts to stabilize these areas and to prevent further out-breaks of conflict. The Institute also works with local leaders and other partners to find solu-tions to religious freedom and to miti-gate the rise of extremism and persecu-tion. Let me point out, too, that the staff-er the gentleman just mentioned in his remarks is no longer with the Insti-tute. She is gone. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. GRANGER ), a member of the Appropriations Com-mittee. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, today I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. As a former chairwoman of the State, Foreign Operations Subcommittee, I worked very closely with the U.S. In-stitute of Peace. From firsthand expe-rience, I can tell you how important their mission is. They send staff to some of the most volatile areas of the world to promote peace. For instance, in Afghanistan, the In-stitute facilitated peaceful elections in 2014, despite Taliban calls for violence. Also, in 2015, the Institute facilitated a local Sunni and Shia agreement in Iraq that averted bloodshed and let 380,000 internationally displaced people return home. Let’s not forget that it was under President Ronald Reagan that the In-stitute of Peace was created. Funding the Institute of Peace is an important investment. It is for these reasons that I strongly urge my col-leagues to vote against this amend-ment. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, how much time do I have remain-ing. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). The gentleman has 1 minute remain-ing. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B
OYLE ), a member of the Foreign Af-fairs Committee. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Chairman, the U.S. Institute of Peace gives people in conflict abroad the skills and techniques to solve their conflicts without resorting to violence. The Institute owes its creation to the many men and women who came before us and worked hard in its creation dur-ing the Reagan administration. One of the early founders and board members at the start was Father Ted Hesburgh, who many in this body knew as the president of the University of Notre Dame. Father Ted, as we all called him, sadly, passed away in 2015. Back in 2011, when the Institute was similarly threatened, he wrote this: ‘‘. . . That Congress would seek to eliminate funding for the United States Institute of Peace is abhorrent and un-thinkable.’’ ‘‘. . . As a man of faith and reason, I know that we need to balance our budget. But I also know that you can-not balance a budget on the backs of our men and women in uniform. Nor can we take the risk of making our country less safe. We need the tools of diplomacy and peacebuilding to stop international conflict before it starts and to manage its aftermath.’’ Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD an op-ed Father Hesburgh wrote, dated February 27, 2011. [From the Washington Post, Feb. 27, 2011] T
HEU.S. C AN’TTURNITSBACK ON PEACE  (By Ted Hesburgh) Some would say that by the time you have lived almost a century, you have seen it all. But what I saw the House of Representatives do with its continuing resolution is beyond the pale. That Congress would seek to elimi-nate funding for the United States Institute of Peace is abhorrent and unthinkable. Congress should know better: The last cen-tury marked the most violent and destruc-tive era in human history. Wars great and small cut short the lives of more than 100 million people. We learned a great deal from those wars and, fortunately, we now have a vibrant and active field of peacebuilding. As recent events have shown, there is hopeful progress for peaceful management of conflict but more violence is certain to come in a world where disputes are fueled by religious intolerance, ethnic divisions, failing states, terrorism, intractable territorial conflicts and the uncontrolled proliferation of highly destructive weaponry. The young field of international conflict management is just beginning to bear fruit. Now is not the time, in the face of global adversity, to cut peace. The United States must be a leader in nonviolent international management. This conflict-ridden world needs an organization committed to peace-making: one that can deploy teams of spe-cialists to conflict zones; create and imple-ment methods of resolving disputes before guns are drawn; and train leaders who can mediate conflicts and make civil societies work. That is why Congress created the U.S. Institute of Peace in 1984. President Ronald Reagan’s wise investment continues to pay dividends in the training and education of peacemakers, facilitators, trainers and other experts. As a man of faith and reason, I know that we need to balance our budget. But I also know that you cannot balance a budget on the backs of our men and women in uniform. Nor can we take the risk of making our na-tion less safe. We need the tools of diplomacy and peacebuilding to stop international con-flict before it starts and to manage its after-math. We have wonderful institutions in the State Department and the Pentagon but they alone cannot deal with every foreign af-fairs issue. There are times when you need nongovernmental organizations, legislative agencies and the help of those who have rela-tionships on the ground in conflict zones to run interference or to pave the way for offi-cials. We must never suffer from pride and hubris, thinking that only Washington has the answers. All the global conflicts raging around us may have seemed of little consequence to earlier generations. In the new century, how-ever, even small conflicts risk growing to a scale that can destroy lives and economies around the world. In the U.S. Institute of Peace we have an organization that under-stands the sources of violence as well as the tools to prevent international conflict. If the United States is serious about peace-making, its citizens and national leaders must defend the institutions that are doing the hard work of transitioning societies from war to peace. The U.S. Institute for Peace should have a permanent home in the na-tion’s capital from which to teach, inspire and prepare current and future generations of peacemakers—and to be a symbol of America’s commitment to reducing violent international conflict in the 21st century. We must, as a nation, show courage, stead-iness of purpose and commitment to core principles. We cannot afford the alter-natives. 
Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I include in the R
ECORD a letter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.079 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7127 September 7, 2017 
from many of our colleagues sup-porting the U.S. Institute of Peace. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, March 27, 2017. Hon. H
ALROGERS , Chair, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-ations and Related Programs, House Com-mittee on Appropriations, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ITALOWEY , Ranking Member, Subcommittee on State, For-eign Operations, and Related Programs, House Committee on Appropriations, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROGERS AND RANKING  M
EMBER LOWEY : We write in strong support of the valuable contribution made by United States Institute of Peace (USIP) to our coun-try’s strategic interests abroad and encour-age you to support $37,884,000 to USIP for fis-cal year 2018. This is the same level re-quested by USIP in FY 2017. Founded by Congress in 1984, USIP applies cost-effective, practical solutions in conflict zones around the world with the mission of preventing, mitigating and resolving violent conflict. USIP’s work is grounded in its com-mitment to education and training while honing best practices in challenging environ-ments. For example, in Iraq USIP has brokered peace agreements in Tikrit and Kirkuk among tribal leaders in areas liberated from ISIS. After ISIS’ 2014 massacre of as many as 1,700 Shia military personnel at former Camp Speicher near the city of Tikrit, USIP and its grassroots Iraqi partners facilitated dia-logues among local tribal and religious lead-ers resulting in an inter-tribal agreement that formed the critical basis for the return by mid-2016 of more than 360,000 displaced residents. At a time when current estimates place the cost of violent conflict globally at more than $13 trillion, USIP serves as an impor-tant element of the national security tool-box. The U.S. government must have a full range of options for preventing and resolving violent international conflicts. It is criti-cally important that Congress continue to support USIP and its proven, successful record of reducing conflict while advancing U.S. interests. We believe you share our understanding that USIP’s work helps reduce the impact of violent conflict in places where American se-curity interest are top priorities. As always, we appreciate your previous support for USIP, and we look forward to working with you during the FY 2018 appropriations proc-ess. Sincerely, John Lewis, Joseph Crowley, Eliot L. Engel, G.K. Butterfield, Alcee L. Has-tings, Lucille Roybal-Allard, Joe Courtney, Janice D. Schakowsky, Albio Sires, Timothy J. Walz, Doris O. Matsui, Peter Welch, Sanford D. Bishop, Jr., Bobby L. Rush, Al Lawson, Jr., Seth Moulton, Keith Ellison. James P. McGovern, Denny Heck, Joseph P. Kennedy III, Pramila Jayapal, Jamie Raskin, Elizabeth H. Esty, Alma S. Adams, Mark DeSaulnier, Donald M. Payne, Jr., Earl Blumenauer, Donald S. Beyer, Jr., Scott H. Peters, Brendan F. Boyle, Sander M. Levin, Michael E. Capuano, Bill Foster, Mark Pocan, Susan A. Davis. Rau´l M. Grijalva, Nanette Diaz Barraga´n, Tony Ca´rdenas, Bradley Scott Schneider, Anthony G. Brown, Bonnie Watson Coleman, Juan Vargas, Norma J. Torres, Jared Polis, Steph-anie N. Murphy, Sean Patrick Malo-ney, Julia Brownley, Jerrold Nadler, Diana DeGette, Eleanor Holmes Nor-ton, Peter A. DeFazio, Elijah E. Cum-mings, Danny K. Davis, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson. Gerald E. Connolly, Ben Ray Luja ´n, Bar-bara Lee, Gwen Moore, Adam Smith, Steve Cohen, Paul Tonko, Eddie Ber-nice Johnson, Judy Chu, John Conyers, Jr., John Garamendi, William R. Keating, Coleen Hanabusa, Adam B. Schiff. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I urge all Members in this body to vote for peace and to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, the comments of a single individual should not be an excuse to eliminate funding for an entire institution. My under-standing is that individual has already offered her resignation. The United States Institute of Peace is one of the best tools the United States has to bring people together— government officials, civil society practitioners, and defense experts—to creatively solve problems that are some of the world’s thorniest issues. Congress created USIP for this purpose in 1983. USIP applies practical solutions di-rectly in conflict zones and provides analysis, education, and resources to those working for peace. USIP has spe-cialized teams of mediators, trainers, and others in some of the world’s most dangerous places, including Iraq and Afghanistan, equipping others with the skills necessary to prevent or resolve their own violent conflicts before they threaten the United States. In 2015, USIP facilitated a local Sunni-Shia accord and decree that averted bloodshed and let 380,000 inter-nally displaced persons return home. In Burma, they trained civic leaders, government officials, and police to help achieve a peaceful 2015 election for a more democratic government during a delicate transition from autocratic rule to democracy. USIP works on the ground with local partners on the root causes of conflict that all too frequently result in Amer-ica’s military gains of diplomatic and development investments going to peace. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ), the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend for yielding to me. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposi-tion to this amendment. To completely eliminate funding for the United States Institute of Peace would be a serious mistake. Let me thank Mrs. L
OWEY for the wonderful work she is doing here and J
OHNLEWIS for his leadership. J OHNis an American hero. I think we should listen to what J
OHNhas to say. For anyone who doesn’t know what the USIP does, it saves lives, lives of U.S. servicemembers, military per-sonnel, and civilians around the world. The United States Institute of Peace stops conflicts before they start and works to defuse crises. The Institute provides conflict resolution teams and skills that are vital to our diplomats and our military forces serving in con-flict zones abroad. They are often quiet successes, rarely grabbing headlines. After all, a war that doesn’t happen won’t draw near the attention of a rag-ing conflict. Military leaders agree. On September 1, a distinguished group of retired three- and four-star flag officers who have served our country valiantly dur-ing some of its most challenging con-flicts wrote to Speaker RYANand Lead-er P
ELOSI expressing deep concerns about efforts here in the House to eliminate funding for USIP. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD the letter. 
SEPTEMBER 1, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN AND MINORITY LEADER  P
ELOSI : As retired three and four star flag of-ficers who have served our country during some of its most challenging conflicts, from Vietnam to Iraq and Afghanistan, we are writing to express our deep concern over pro-posed amendments to the current FY 2018 ap-propriations bill now before the House of Representatives that would eliminate fund-ing for the U.S. Institute of Peace. We serve on the Institute’s Senior Military Advisory Group which, in addition to advis-ing USIP’s leadership on current and future conflicts, also guides Institute efforts to partner effectively with our military in con-flict zones. USIP has a long and robust record of working closely with its federal partners—including the Department of De-fense—to focus on national security priority areas where it brings distinctive capabilities to bear. USIP works on the ground with local part-ners on the root causes of conflict that all too frequently result in America’s military gains or diplomatic and development invest-ments going to waste. For example, in Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Tunisia, Nigeria, and across the Sahel in Africa, USIP engages at a local level to thwart ISIS’ ability to re-cruit and destabilize America’s most impor-tant allies in the struggle against extremism USIP’s high impact approach gives people the tools to help solve their own problems so America is not drawn into these conflicts. No other agency provides these services, and USIP’s approach is highly cost effective. In Mahmoudiya, Iraq, for example—a region so violent it was known as the ‘‘Triangle of Death’’—USIP partnered with the Army’s 10th Mountain Division in 2007 to forge a tribal accord that halted attacks on U.S. and Iraqi forces and drastically reduced casual-ties. The Army was able to withdraw more than 2,800 troops—80 percent of its deploy-ment in the region—thus saving more than $150 million per month. That initiative cost USIP approximately $1 million. A decade later, despite pressure from ISIS, Mahmoudiya remains relatively calm, large-ly on the basis of that peace accord. As citizens and former soldiers, we believe deeply in the mission of the U.S. Institute of Peace as an essential element of our national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.081 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7128 September 7, 2017 
security architecture. Please ensure that it remains fully funded and capable of con-tinuing its critical work to further U.S. in-terests and save lives in the world’s most challenging conflict zones. Sincerely, General G
EORGE W. C ASEY , Jr., USA (Ret.), Chief of Staff of the United States Army (’07–’11). Ambassador K
ARLW. E
IKENBERRY , LT General, USA (Ret.), U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan (’09– ’11), Deputy Chair-man, NATO Military Committee (’07–’09), Commander, Com-bined Forces Com-mand-Afghanistan (’05–’07). General C
ARTER HAM, USA (Ret.), Commander, U.S. Afri-ca Command (’11– ’13), Commander, U.S. Army, Europe (’08–’11). Ambassador D
OUGLAS  L
UTE, LT General, USA (Ret.), United States Perma-nent Representative to NATO (’13–’17), National Security Council, The White House (’07–’10). General G
REGORY S. M
ARTIN , USAF (Ret.), Commander, Air Mate-rial Command (’03– ’05), Commander, U.S. Air Forces in Europe (’00–’03). General R
AYMOND T. O
DIERNO , USA (Ret.), Chief of Staff of the United States Army (’11–’15), Com-mander, United States Joint Forces Command (’10–’11), Commander, United States Forces-Iraq, Operation Iraqi Freedom (’10). General C
HARLES F. W ALD, USAF 
(RET.), Deputy Commander, U.S. European Com-mand (’02–’06). 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, USIP is neither a Republican nor a Democratic institution. The Institution was cre-ated in 1984 by bipartisan legislation signed into law by President Reagan. Since then, USIP has saved the United States billions of dollars by investing in peace. Let me share just one short example of the incredible work that USIP has done. After 52 years of war and more than a quarter million lives lost, Colombia’s armed conflict ended with the signing of a peace agreement last year in Cartagena. The peace agreement was reached, in no small part, thanks to the incredible work of the United States Institute of Peace and its chief of operations in Colombia, Ginny Bou-vier. Under her leadership, USIP trained female mediators, religious or-ganizations, Afro-Colombian leaders, and many others in methods to support peaceful resolution of conflict. Ginny recently passed away, far too young, at the age of 58, but I would like to believe that her legacy of peacebuilding in Colombia can live on through continued congressional sup-port for USIP. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in rejecting this harmful amendment. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 95 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 95 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 880, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $209,000,000)’’. Page 898, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $209,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, let me start by thanking my colleagues and fellow co-chairs of the House Tuber-culosis Elimination Caucus, Mr. Y
OUNG  of Alaska and Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas. I am grateful for their support of this measure and for their work to combat tuberculosis around the world. This bipartisan amendment would help move that work forward. Mr. Chairman, America’s invest-ments in global health are not hand-outs. Combating disease around the world isn’t just some pet project to make us feel good about ourselves. When we invest in global health, we are investing in our own security and lead-ership on the global stage. After all, in-fectious diseases don’t respect borders, and when we fail to fight a dangerous illness or respond to a pandemic over-seas, we risk having to respond once it reaches our shores. At the same time, healthier commu-nities are more protective, more stable communities. Healthier countries are stronger partners on the world stage. And when the United States helps to advance those conditions, we are show-ing the world what kind of country we are, what American values demand of us. The reality is we should be investing more in these efforts. One area where we need a lot more support is in the fight against tuberculosis. TB kills more people worldwide than any other infectious disease. This is es-pecially heartbreaking, Mr. Chairman, because we know how to prevent TB, and we know how to cure it. We know how to cure it, and people are still dying. That is just unfathomable. Yet, in 2015, 1.8 million people died from this disease, 10.5 million more be-came infected. One in ten TB patients is also HIV positive, making tuber-culosis the top killer of people living with HIV. Countries with a high preva-lence of TB can see their GDP shrink by 4 to 7 percent. The World Health Organization tells us we need an additional $2 billion every year to control tuberculosis. My amendment would help to make up part of that shortfall, ramping up USAID’s global health programs by $209 million. That would bring our in-vestment in TB assistance to $450 mil-lion. b1615 These efforts have a proven track record, Mr. Chairman. In the countries where we are working on the problem, incidence of TB has dropped by nearly one-fifth since 2000, more than twice as fast as countries where we haven’t been involved. That is tens of thousands of precious lives saved, and we played a major role in that. My amendment won’t wipe out this disease, Mr. Chairman, but it will save lives, it will build on past successes and move us in the direction of putting a stop to this killer once and for all. I ask all Members to support this bi-partisan amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair, this amendment would cut funding for the International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement Affairs account by $209 million. That is a 16 percent re-duction in the fight against narcotics. There is already money in the bill for TB, $241 million, which is the same as current levels, and that exceeds the last Obama request and the first Trump request for TB. It also includes another $1.35 billion for the Global Fund to fight a combination of HIV/ AIDS, malaria, and TB, which includes additional funding for TB programs. So there is already money in the bill for TB. This would cut the International Narcotics Control and Law Enforce-ment Affairs account by $209 million, a 16 percent cut, when it is not really needed. Funding for this account supports counterdrug and law enforcement ac-tivities, strengthens the rule of law, and increases border security. Mr. Chairman, I just came back with my subcommittee from a trip to Ukraine and Georgia, and I understand by seeing it firsthand the importance of our assistance that helps govern-ments combat corruption and improve the rule of law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:07 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.027 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7129 September 7, 2017 
A portion of this funding also helps partners in our own hemisphere fight drug trafficking and violent crime be-fore it reaches the border of the United States. Undoubtedly, every agency can do more with more, but the allocation for this bill was cut by 17 percent from last year. And rather than cut every ac-count by 17 percent, we deliberately and carefully considered each program, and directed the funding recommenda-tions to reflect our priorities. Among those priorities is funding for TB, which is held at last year’s level. This means, of course, that other accounts and programs took a disproportion-ately higher cut to make that possible. I know the gentleman wants more funds for TB, and I sympathize with him in that desire. I can assure him that preserving last year’s level of funding puts TB in a very rarefied posi-tion in this bill, because it is treated well. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the gentleman’s amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chair, let me just say that I hear what the chairman is saying. I certainly am a strong sup-porter of international narcotics fund-ing, but the question is: Where do you put the money? The International Narcotics funding account is well funded and even has money in the pipeline from previous years. Meanwhile, TB control is hugely underfunded and continues to kill more people worldwide than any other dis-ease. That is why the funding is nec-essary. So by passing my amendment, we can save thousands of lives from this preventable, curable disease. Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ). Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my colleague from New York’s amendment. TB is the biggest killer of people worldwide, yet the cur-rent strategies for combating the dis-ease are not keeping pace with the bur-den and complexity. In an increasingly connected world, TB will increase its threat to U.S. citi-zens directly. Without investments in new technologies and building the sys-tems to diagnose and treat active in-fections, we risk failing even further. Already, scientists estimate 2 million children have been infected with multidrug-resistant TB. We can and should be doing more to fight this known disease. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of this amendment to in-crease funding of bilateral tuberculosis (TB) assistance, and I want to thank Representa-tives E
NGEL (D–NY) and G REEN (D–TX) for joining me. The three of us are Co-Chairs of the Tuberculosis Elimination Caucus and have long worked toward that goal. This includes domestically, such as in the State of Alaska, which suffers from high per-capita TB rates in the United States, but also internationally. The U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment does a tremendous amount of work across the globe providing aid. One of its most important battles is against TB, which kills more people worldwide than any other infec-tious disease. In 2015 this amounted to 1.8 million people dying, out of the 10.4 million af-fected. This is more than HIV and Malaria combined. To make things worse, TB is pre-ventable and curable. Imagine if the Centers for Disease Control came out and said next year there is going to be a new disease. That this disease is going to infect over 10 million people and kill almost 20 percent of them in just one year. I imagine we would take it very seriously. This is not an old world disease. TB is real and it is deadly. Pandemics of infectious dis-ease in recent years have shown us the need to combat them ahead of time, not wait until it arrives at our shores. We have come a long way in combating TB, but more work needs to be done. This amendment makes that possible and I urge its adoption. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 96 OFFERED BY MS . FRANKEL  
OF FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 96 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 889, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $8,500,000)’’. Page 898, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $8,500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair, this bill inexplicably defunds UN Women. What is UN Women? UN Women was created by the United Nations in 2010 to direct activities on gender equality issues. The organiza-tion helps meet the most urgent needs of women and girls by supporting wom-en’s full participation in their coun-try’s political, economic, and social life. So as I said, this bill inexplicably takes away funding, $8.5 million, that we are trying to get back from this very important program. I think this defunding of this is wrong, it is unwise, it is immoral. Let me tell you what happens when we abandon the UN Women, because this is what we are walking away from: providing services for survivors of human trafficking. We are walking away from registering women to vote and participate in their political sys-tem, including women in the peace-making process. We are walking away from combating child bride kidnapping and fighting child marriage. That is what we are walking away from today. I know we have a lot of issues here in this country. We have been battling the hurricanes, and I know our hearts go out to all those impacted. There is something else that has been going on in this world for years now, which is the greatest humanitarian cri-sis that we have seen since World War II, and that is what is happening in Syria. You have millions of people flee-ing into neighboring countries, running away from rape, from murder, from chemical attacks. What is the United States doing? Oh, well. We are abandoning the Mus-lims, we are trying to build the walls, while we have great allies like Jordan, for example, who have now taken in over a million Syrian refugees, includ-ing this very young girl who was at a program that I had an opportunity to visit when I was in Jordan at a facility run by the UN Women where they are working with women to give them skills, to teach them. This young girl fled her home in Syria under rocket fire, leaving her family, her brother killed, and fleeing to Jordan, where she is now learning to be a journalist. We are defunding pro-grams like that in this bill. So we are putting so many women’s lives at risk, like Zaad, the girl I just talked about, leaving women and girls vulnerable to sex trafficking, poverty, homelessness, and hunger; and we say we want to try to bring stabilization to these regions across the world. Let me tell you what research shows. Research shows that when women are empowered, economies grow and soci-eties are more stable with less vio-lence. And our own U.N. Ambassador, Nikki Haley, said: 
We want to make sure that our govern-ments support girls and support women, and we should encourage every country to sup-port these basic rights. 
So what are we doing today? We are defunding UN Women. As I said, it is inexplicable and it is wrong. I think it is actually idiotic. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), who I think can elucidate even more on this subject. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I thank my good friend, who has certainly worked with many women, and women who focus on the needs of women around the world, and I thank her very much for this very important amendment, and that is why I am rising in support of my colleague’s amendment. One of the deficiencies of the fiscal year 2018 State and Foreign Operations bill we are considering is the treatment of international organizations that serve U.S. interests and help our own resources reach farther and deeper. My 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.086 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7130 September 7, 2017 
colleague raises the important con-tribution of UN Women and of U.S. support for its work. UN Women ensures that the critical role of women is part of the inter-national dialogue and that the effects of policies are considered on both women and men before they are imple-mented. UN Women works in complex envi-ronments like Afghanistan with the treatment of women and their involve-ment in the economy and political sys-tems. There are these reasons and so much more as to why I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and UN Women. I really am urging my friends on the other side of the aisle, as this process continues, that we look to renew the funding. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time, and I respectfully withdraw this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, pursuant to section 4 of House Resolution 500, as the designee of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ). Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Chair, I rise to engage the gentleman from Ken-tucky in a colloquy. Mr. Chairman, Chicago Bridge & Iron Company, CB&I, is a major inter-national engineering procurement and construction firm with headquarters in The Woodlands, Texas, where I live. Their headquarters is a mere mile from my home. The company employs nearly 34,000 people across the United States, and more than 1,000 people in the Eighth Congressional District of Texas. CB&I built a world class petro-chemical refinery in the Republic of Colombia for Colombia’s state-owned company, valued at nearly $8 billion. A commercial dispute has arisen as a result of construction of the refinery. And in an attempt to gain leverage, en-tirely unfounded and unprincipled criminal charges have been filed against current and former CB&I ex-ecutives, both of whom are U.S. citi-zens. Is it the intent of the committee, Mr. Chairman, that the Secretary of State should report to the Committee on Ap-propriations on any efforts by the Co-lombian Government to use its crimi-nal process against any United States citizen to advance commercial or polit-ical objectives? Is it further the intent of the com-mittee that the Department of State should engage with Colombia to exam-ine and report on allegations by United States citizens of procedural or sub-stantive due process of law violations relative to commercial disputes? Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I thank the gentleman from Texas for bringing this issue to our attention. The com-mittee takes seriously reports of Amer-icans abroad being treated unfairly, de-nied due process, or being used as polit-ical pawns. b1630 Colombia is a friend and ally of the United States and an important trad-ing partner. We expect the Government of Colombia to ensure our citizens are treated fairly in their courts. The com-mittee will follow up on this matter with the Department of State to ensure our Embassy is engaged on this issue. And I thank the gentleman for bring-ing this matter to our attention. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. AMENDMENT NO . 97 OFFERED BY MR . HASTINGS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 97 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 889, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $12,000,000)’’. Page 902, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $81,600,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, I thank the members of this committee for allowing the opportunity to present this amendment. The extraordinary work of Mrs. L
OWEY and Mr. R OGERS , as well as Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN and other members of the Appropriations Committee, are deeply appreciated by all of us. This amendment adds an additional $12 million to the Economic Support Fund to increase assistance to the Ethiopian-Israeli community. Through the Middle East Partnership Initiative, our Embassy in Tel Aviv is already engaged in a number of valu-able partnerships with the Ethiopian community in Israel. These programs are commendable, and I hope that their funding remains robust. My amendment would extend a mod-est amount of aid toward a different subset of the community, Ethiopian- Israeli youth. Israel’s Ministry of Education re-cently completed a long-term review to determine how to best meet the needs of the community. The plan that was presented and adopted included ap-proximately $20 million for programs to improve integration of the Ethio-pian community into Israeli society, focusing principally on education and, more specifically, language and math skills. Israeli organizations that have focused on this area for years have had great successes. My first visit to Israel was, rather ironically because of today’s events, with Mrs. LOWEY and other Members. During that period of time, we visited one of the areas where Ethiopian Jews were being absorbed. And since that time, I have followed actively Israel’s continuing courageous concerns with reference to those from not only areas that are right there, but as far away as Ethiopia. They work with American philan-thropic organizations such as the Jew-ish Federations of North America, and private stakeholders, but, even with the new government funding, do not have sufficient resources to meet the needs of these communities. Supporting this type of programming would be a logical and effective way to continue improving upon our country’s bilateral relationship and would build upon programs that are already imple-mented on the ground. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this matter, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. As I men-tioned in my statement, Mr. Chairman, the bill before us today contains $3.1 billion in a Foreign Military Financing program funded for Israel, which fully funds the last year of the current memorandum of understanding with Israel. This amendment would reduce the Foreign Military Financing program account by more than $80 million. In addition to Israel, this account pro-vides funds for Egypt, Jordan, Tunisia, Colombia, and Ukraine. The Presi-dent’s budget request proposed deep cuts to this account, which we clearly rejected in the committee mark. I should also note that the bill al-ready provides over $6 billion for hu-manitarian assistance. I do appreciate the gentleman’s desire to help the Ethiopian-Israeli community, but I cannot support an $80 million cut to se-curity assistance. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 98 OFFERED BY MR . HASTINGS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 98 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.088 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7131 September 7, 2017 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 889, line 6, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $20,000,000)’’. Page 902, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $72,600,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, my amendment adds $20 million to the Economic Support Fund for the pur-pose of providing critically needed hu-manitarian aid to peoples persecuted by ISIS. These groups include Yazidi survivors of sexual slavery, as well as Christian, Shabak, and other religious and ethnic minorities. Footnote right there, Mr. Chairman. I found it interesting in the past few weeks that the Rohingya in Myanmar, formerly Burma, are, literally, expelled from their country. While I, as well as others, am proud of Aung San Suu Kyi, and the extraordinary work that she did, and her Nobel Prize, I am puzzled by the continuing conduct which mim-ics genocide in that area, and this is not about that, but I would be remiss if I didn’t mention it. There are a lot of examples I could highlight to stress the importance of this amendment, but I want to focus briefly on the Yazidi. The crimes com-mitted by the Islamic State against the Yazidi are amongst the most hor-rible we have heard of—mass execu-tions, organized kidnapping, child sol-diers, and sexual slavery. At the height of its power, the Islamic State sold girls and women in the open at slave markets. In a recent article titled ‘‘Freed From ISIS, Yazidi Women Return in ‘Severe Shock,’’’ The New York Times quotes Dr. Nagham Nawzat Hasan, a Yazidi gynecologist who has treated over 1,000 of the rape victims. He de-scribes the victims as virtually ‘‘un-conscious’’ and ‘‘in severe shock and psychological upset.’’ Thousands of women remain enslaved, and those who have escaped or been rescued, for them, the road to recovery is daunting. As we debate how best to spend hun-dreds of millions of dollars in humani-tarian aid, we must ensure this com-munity is provided with support. Time is of the essence, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, I want to thank the gentleman from Florida for raising this important issue. The plight of religious and eth-nic minorities persecuted by ISIS has been, and remains, a priority for this committee, including the need for psy-chosocial support services to those af-fected by the crisis. That is why ample funding has been provided to assist communities affected by ISIS, includ-ing persecuted religious and ethnic mi-norities. The fiscal year 2017 Security Assist-ance Appropriations Act provided over $1 billion for programs to counter ISIS and address the needs of those affected by ISIS. Funding was also provided in the fiscal year 2017 regular appropria-tions bill. Finally, we included language on this very issue in the fiscal year 2018 bill, including designating $10 million for programs to protect vulnerable and persecuted religious minorities. The amendment, however, would reduce the Foreign Military Financing account by more than $70 million. This account funds our friends and allies like Israel, Egypt, Jordan, Tunisia, Colombia, Ukraine. The President’s budget re-quest proposed deep cuts to this ac-count, which we clearly rejected in the committee mark. In short, we have already addressed the gentleman’s concerns, and I cannot support such a large cut to security as-sistance. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, I am very pleased to yield to the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the ranking member of this distin-guished committee. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I want to express my appreciation to my col-league who is always there to speak out against injustice and to help re-spond to the tremendous challenges we have. I was as shocked as the gen-tleman had been, frankly, on the re-cent actions in Burma or Myanmar, and I look forward to addressing that with him as well. The reports from the ISIS-controlled areas are truly horrific, especially for the women and children who have been most vulnerable to the horrors of ISIS control. In these cases, support for the emotional and mental recovery of vic-tims is as important as the standard humanitarian assistance of food, shel-ter, and water. I look forward to continuing to work with the gentleman to address these issues because we have to speak out and act and respond to these horrors. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 99 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 99 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 889, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $12,000,000)’’. Page 1140, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $12,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, yester-day, we voted $8 billion for the trage-dies in the Gulf Coast. I wake up this morning and I find out we are supposed to vote for another $8 billion, which is fine. But I think, as a result, we should also look extra hard to find ways to see if, in the bill as it passed out of the Ap-propriations Committee, maybe we can spend a little less somewhere. I have a very modest suggestion for cutting a little bit of spending here. I would like a 1 percent reduction in the Economic Support Fund. This was in the Trump budget, combined with an-other fund, and subject to a 40 percent cut, I think because President Trump wanted to make good on his promise to put America first. I realize political reality is such that we will not get the 40 percent cut that President Trump wanted, but I ask for a small, approximately 1 percent, cut of $12 million. Part of the money of the Economic Support Fund goes for universities abroad. Sometimes these universities have, like our own universities, a little bit of an anti-American, perhaps anti- Israeli bent; and for that reason, I think there is no question but that we should eagerly look forward to the chance to cut the spending in the Eco-nomic Support Fund by 1 percent, par-ticularly in light of the fact that we have now a $20 trillion debt and, par-ticularly, because later today, I bet, after spending $8 billion yesterday, we are going to go for another $8 billion today. Mr. Chair, I would like to ask for support for this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. b1645 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.092 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7132 September 7, 2017 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-man, the overseas scholarship pro-grams are popular among our Members because most of these programs sup-port American educational institutions abroad. Students that participate and receive an education based on American values help shape their societies. They are more likely to embrace democratic principles, counter extremism, and fos-ter greater economic opportunity. These programs are an important part of the so-called soft power of America. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, we love the chairman. We just feel that we are kind of broke here, and a 1 percent cut on something going for programs abroad would not be out of line. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 101 OFFERED BY MR . PAULSEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 101 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk as the designee of the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ). The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 896, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $15,000,000)’’. Page 907, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $15,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Chairman, first I would just like to thank Subcommittee Chairman R
OGERS and Ranking Mem-ber L
OWEY , along with the full com-mittee and Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN  and their staff for their willingness to help with this amendment, as well as for all the hard work that they have done in putting together this impor-tant funding bill. I also want to recognize Congressman D
ONOVAN , who is not able to be here today, but I offer this amendment along with him because it does seek to increase funding for the U.S. African Development Foundation by $15 mil-lion, bringing it up to the $30 million that it was awarded back in fiscal year ‘17. The U.S. African Development Foun-dation is an independent U.S. govern-ment agency that excels at doing de-velopment differently. It uses small grants to focus on ventures in the fields of food security, healthcare, edu-cation, and technology. Our taxpayer money is maximized to its full poten-tial, as host African governments in-vest a share of their own money in this grant program. These grant programs are leading to self-sufficiency and en-trepreneurship in countries that are plagued by conflict across the world. In fact, the Center for Global Devel-opment has ranked the USADF second only to the Millennium Challenge Cor-poration on the maximizing foreign ef-ficiency scale. Mr. Chairman, the U.S. African De-velopment Foundation represents the very best of modernized foreign assist-ance because they are so innovative, and I am honored to support it. I hope the rest of my colleagues will join me in supporting this amendment as well. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair, I really appreciate the gentleman’s concern, but not enough to support his amendment. As he knows, the adminis-tration proposed to close the United States African Development Founda-tion. Given the significant reduction in our subcommittee’s allocation, it would be very easy to agree to the ad-ministration’s request. The bill before us, however, does not close the founda-tion, but instead doubles the requested amount. If our conference allocation is more generous, then perhaps we can be more generous with the foundation. Until then, however, the bill, as reported out of committee, strikes, I think, the ap-propriate balance of assistance and di-plomacy. Mr. Chair, I urge a rejection of the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ). The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands amendment No. 106 will not be offered. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 107 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 110 OFFERED BY MR . YOHO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 110 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ), and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of division G (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. l. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available in support of the United Nations Human Rights Council, the United Nations Office of the High Com-missioner for Human Rights, or the United Nations Relief and Works Agency. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chair, this is a sim-ple, straightforward amendment that would limit the taxpayers’ burden of hundreds of millions of dollars to the bodies at the United Nations that work against America’s interests and the in-terests of our ally, Israel. Since its reformation as the Human Rights Council about 10 years ago, this U.N. agency has operated with a sin-gular focus to isolate and delegitimize one of America’s closest friends and al-lies, Israel. In fact, Israel stands alone as the only Nation to have an entire agenda, Item 7, devoted solely to it. Israel is the only democracy in the Middle East, but one would never know that if you only saw what came out of the Human Rights Council. In fact, while Israel is targeted repeatedly for unwarranted criticism, some of the world’s worst human rights abusers are ignored. When the body that was created to promote and protect global human rights has its agenda driven by the very worst human rights abusers, you have to stop and ask: How does this make sense? And why should the United States continue to legitimize this agenda by remaining part of that body? The same goes for the U.N.’s Office for High Commissioner for Human Rights, which serves as the secretariat for the Council. There is an endemic and systemic anti-Israeli bias and agenda at the Council, and it is the High Commis-sioner’s Office that serves and fuels this agenda. In fact, this is the office that is currently putting together the BDS blacklist for the Council, and the High Commissioner has signaled his in-tent to publish this list. This effec-tively puts the Human Rights Council and the High Commissioner at the fore-front of the anti-Israeli boycott, di-vestment, and sanctions movement. There is simply no justification for the American taxpayers to fund this sort of activity aimed at isolating and delegitimizing our ally, Israel, and harming our national interests. There is also no justification for the American taxpayers to support our participation at a body that enables human rights abusers. When Cuba, Venezuela, China, Saudi Arabia, Bu-rundi, and others are allowed to sit on the Human Rights Council and dictate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:07 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.096 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7133 September 7, 2017 
its direction, you know that the body has strayed far from its mandate. In fact, these countries use the Coun-cil to actually shield themselves from criticism, turning the body meant to promote and protect human rights into a tool for the world’s worst despots to hide the atrocities that are coming at home. Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Florida has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 min-utes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of Congresswoman R
OS- L
EHTINEN ’s amendment No. 110 to the State and Foreign Operations appro-priations bill, and I appreciate the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) for taking leadership on this as well. This amendment would prohibit funds from contributing to a number of United Nations agencies that endlessly single out our ally, the State of Israel, for poor treatment. There are numerous issues with these agencies, but as for UNRWA, the very size of the agency is an underlying problem. UNRWA was created to ad-dress the short-term needs of refugees, but it has perpetuated the problem. As of July 1, 2014, UNRWA had 30,252 employees for 5
1⁄2million registered persons in a number of Middle Eastern countries and territories, compared to the U.N. High Commission for Refugees staff of 7,700 in 2013, which provides support for 42.9 million refugees in more than 100 countries. The propor-tion is just way out of scale when you compare those kinds of agencies. UNRWA is out of control. Additionally, UNRWA’s grounds have been used to store rockets. Israel has been fired upon from UNRWA facili-ties, and UNRWA has employed indi-viduals affiliated with Hamas, a des-ignated terrorist organization. These are just a few examples of how U.N. agencies have mismanaged funds. It is unacceptable that American taxpayer dollars contribute to this problem. I thank the Congressman and Con-gresswoman for offering this important amendment, and I hope that my col-leagues support it so that the United Nations can get to helping individuals who need it the most. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chair, by passing this amendment, Congress will send a very clear message to these agencies and to the entire U.N. that the status quo is no longer, that we want to see the re-forms that we want to address now be-fore we return to full participation. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment in an effort to change the status quo at the U.N. by starting with the most egregious of the entities, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chair, the agencies listed in this amendment are by no means perfect, and on multiple occa-sions I have condemned some of their actions, both publicly and behind closed doors. But I do believe we lose the ability to influence both agencies’ agendas towards the United States’ pri-orities if we cut off all U.S. funding. Despite my past criticisms of their significant shortcomings, I continue to believe that each of these agencies plays a pivotal role in providing crit-ical services for the Palestinian people. We should never lose focus on helping the people who need aid the most. We should also think strategically about U.S. interests. The United Na-tions Relief and Works Agency is an ef-fective alternative to Hamas. Each year, the agency provides health serv-ices to more than 3 million individuals, and education to half a million stu-dents in the West Bank and Gaza. Cut-ting off funding will simply strengthen Hamas by driving countless individuals into Hamas-controlled schools and services. Additionally, the Human Rights Council and the High Commissioner for Human Rights highlight the voices of the oppressed and underserved globally and have elevated the rights of women and sexual assault victims. b1700 As human rights are increasingly threatened around the globe, now is not the time to walk away from these agencies. I oppose the amendment be-cause I strongly believe that here in Congress we must do all we can to pre-serve and advance U.S. interests and influence. This amendment would di-minish U.S. influence at a time when our Nation’s global standing is already slipping. Mr. Chair, how many minutes do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 min-utes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ). Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I want to take this time briefly to address the concerns the gentleman from Florida has raised with regard to these organizations, many of which I share. That is why the base bill in-cludes some pretty tough conditions on these organizations. In fact, these con-ditions have never been stronger with regard to the U.N. Human Rights Coun-cil. No funds can be provided until the Secretary of State certifies to Congress that participation in the Council is, one, in the national security interest of the United States and, two, the Council is taking significant steps to remove Israel as a permanent agenda item and increase transparency in the election of its members to the Council. We raised these issues, Mr. Chair-man, with Ambassador Haley when she appeared before our committee. We all know she is actively engaging in these matters, and our conditions give her additional tools which she can use to get the Council to make some real re-forms. Next, the bill prohibits funds for the U.N. Relief and Works Agency until the Secretary can certify to the Congress that this organization is conducting regular inspections of its installations to ensure they are only used for hu-manitarian purposes and that the con-tent of educational materials does not induce excitement. These conditions provide Secretary Tillerson with lever-age to demand accountability and re-form. Also, we should be mindful that the President is reengaging with Israel and the Palestinians on a Middle East peace deal, which we all know is dif-ficult and a very complicated task. Prohibiting funds to UNRWA at this time may have an adverse impact on those delicate processes the President and his team have before them. This committee has and will con-tinue to follow these issues very close-ly. It is a top priority, and the tough conditions in the bill reflect that. I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chair, I yield 50 sec-onds to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, cutting off funds to UNRWA would force it to shut down. If UNRWA shuts down, they will not be able to operate, and all of the services that it provides will fall to the predominant power, which is Hamas. I don’t think this is what the gentleman wants. The fact of the matter is UNRWA, right now, provides education, food, shelter, and a whole host of services in very dire conditions. Over the last number of years, we have seen 90 per-cent of the tap waters not fit for human consumption, rolling blackouts 20 to 22 hours a day, and UNRWA, in this context, is making sure that ne-cessities like education and economic opportunity exist. It would be counterproductive to cut off UNRWA because somebody is going to have to help the refugees. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As stated, now is not the time to walk away from the U.N. Human Rights Council. This amendment would do nothing to change the agencies for the better. It would only weaken our ability to influence the advancements we want to see. We can’t be leaders if we are not at the table. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chair, I demand a re-corded vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.100 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7134 September 7, 2017 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 112 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 113 OFFERED BY MR . GAETZ  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 113 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Chairman, I wish to introduce amendment No. 113. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division G (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. l. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide assist-ance to any of the following: (1) The Dalal Mughrabi High School for Girls–Gaza. (2) The Dalal Mughrabi High School for Girls–Hebron. (3) The Dalal Mughrabi Elementary School for Girls–Hebron. (4) The Shadia Abu Ghazaleh School for Girls–Gaza. (5) The Shadia Abu Ghazalah High School for Boys–Jabaliya. (6) The Khalil Al-Wazir (Abu Jihad) Ele-mentary School for Girls–Hebron. (7) The Martyr Khalil Al-Wazir Elementary School for Boys–Hebron. (8) The Martyr Khalil Al-Wazir Elementary School for Boys–Jenin. (9) The Abu Jihad High School for Boys– Jenin. (10) The Abu Jihad High School for Boys– Hebron. (11) The Salah Khalaf Elementary School for Girls–Gaza. (12) The Salah Khalaf Junior High School– Gaza. (13) The Martyr Abu Iyad School–Rafah. (14) The Salah Khalaf School–Tulkarem. (15) The Martyr Ahmed Yassin School for Boys–Jenin. (16) The Martyr Abdullah Azzam Elemen-tary School for Boys–Jenin. (17) The Abu Ali Iyad High School for Girls–Qalqilya. (18) The Martyr Nash’at Abu Jabara High School for Girls–Tulkarem. (19) The Abu Ali Mustafa Elementary School for Boys–Jenin. (20) The Abu Ali Mustafa Elementary School for Girls–Jenin. (21) The Mustafa Hafez Elementary School for Boys–Khan Younis. (22) The Mustafa Hafez School–Gaza. (23) The Martyr Izzat Abu Al-Rubb High School–Jenin. (24) The Martyr Izz Al-Din Al-Qassam High School for Boys–Yaa’bad. (25) The Martyr Izz Al-Din (Al-Qassam) El-ementary School–Jenin. (26) The Martyr Osama Al-Najjar School– Khan Yunis. (27) The Kamal Adwan High School for Boys–Rafah. (28) The Martyr Saa’d Sayel Elementary School for Boys–Nablus. (29) The Amin Al-Husseini Elementary School–El-Bireh. (30) The Hassan Salameh Junior High School for Girls–Gaza. (31) The Hassan Salameh Elementary School–Gaza. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 500, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, it does not advance the interests of the United States to fund schools that incite terror and hate throughout the world. Thirty-four of those such schools exist in Judea and Samaria, the area currently controlled by the Palestinian Authority, and this amendment would defund 34 schools that are named after terrorists, killers, and Nazi collaborators. I will provide a few examples. Dalal Mughrabi led the coastal road massacre by hijacking a bus. She killed 37 people, including 12 children, and in-jured another 70. Three schools are named after her. Two students attend-ing one of these schools were inter-viewed on March 27, 2014. They said: ‘‘Dalal Mughrabi is a great leader. She walks among us, and I’m personally proud to attend the Dalal Mughrabi School.’’ A second little girl who attended that school said: ‘‘My life’s ambition is to reach the level of the martyr fighter Dalal Mughrabi.’’ Khalil al-Wazir headed the PLO ter-rorist organization’s military wing. He planned attacks that killed over 125 Israelis. Five schools are named after him. Salah Khalaf led the Black Sep-tember terrorist organization. He planned the murder of 11 Israeli ath-letes at the Munich Olympics and the murder of two American diplomats in the Sudan. Four schools are named after him. Abdullah Azzam was cofounder of al- Qaida, the mentor of Osama bin Laden, known as the ‘‘Father of Modern Jihad.’’ Abu Ali Iyad was the head of the Fatah military in the 1960s. A high school for girls carries his name. Amin al-Husseini was a Nazi collabo-rator during World War II. He moved to Berlin where he served as a Hitler asso-ciate. In Yugoslavia, he was designated a war criminal. When the Nazi offered to free some Jewish children, Al- Husseini prohibited their release, re-sulting in 5,000 Jewish children being sent to the gas chambers. An elemen-tary school is named after him. Hassan Salameh was also a Nazi op-erative. He was sent by the Nazis dur-ing World War II to poison the water supply in British-controlled areas near Tel Aviv. Two schools are named after him. Mr. Chairman, I care deeply for the education of our youth, but we have to demand that curriculums be reformed so that the schools that American tax-payers fund do not promote hate. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I also applaud the leadership of Representa-tive G
AETZ on this important amend-ment No. 113 to the State, Foreign Op-erations, and Related Programs Appro-priations bill. This commonsense amendment pro-hibits American taxpayer dollars from supporting Palestinian elementary schools that are named for Palestinian terrorists who have murdered innocent human beings. Many of these terrorists have murdered children who are no dif-ferent than the very children in the schools named after them. Dalal Mughrabi, as was mentioned earlier, a Palestinian terrorist, blew herself up on a bus in 1978, killing 37 Israelis, including 13 children. Her name is plastered on countless elemen-tary schools, summer camps, and me-morials around Palestinian Authority- controlled territories in Israel. I applaud Denmark, Norway, and other countries that have frozen funds from U.N.-affiliated Palestinian orga-nizations that name their buildings after terrorists like Dalal Mughrabi. The United States Congress should have undivided moral clarity on this issue in this year’s appropriations bill. We cannot use taxpayer dollars to fund Palestinian incitement to murder inno-cents, and that is why I introduced leg-islation to stop sending American aid to the Palestinian Authority until they end their practice of financially sup-porting terrorists and the families of terrorists. We must end U.S. contribu-tions to the PA’s campaign of incite-ment wherever we find it. I thank Mr. GAETZ for offering this important amendment, and I hope it passes with unanimous support, as it should. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE of Georgia). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 114 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 115 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 116 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 118 printed in part B of House Report 115–295. b1715 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
AM-
BORN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.102 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7135 September 7, 2017 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 504 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3354. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE) kindly resume the chair. b1719 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE of Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 113 printed in House Report 115–295 offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ) had been disposed of. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, no further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–297, amendments en bloc described in sec-tion 3 of House Resolution 504, and available pro forma amendments de-scribed in section 4 of House Resolu-tion 500. Each further amendment printed in the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be consider as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, may be withdrawn by the pro-ponent at any time before action there-on, shall not be subject to amendment except as described in section 4 of House Resolution 500, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appro-priations or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations or their re-spective designees, shall not be subject to amendment, except as described in section 4 of House Resolution 500, and shall not be subject to a demand for di-vision of the question. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . 
CALVERT OF CALIFORNIA  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, pursu-ant to section 3 of House Resolution 504 and as the designee of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ), I offer amendments en bloc. A list of the included amendments included in the en bloc is at the desk and has been agreed to by both sides. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 1 consisting of amendment Nos. 3, 7, 9, 10, 11, 16, 17, 19, 20, 22, 23, 25, 26, 34, 35, 47, 48, 49, 58, and 79, printed in House Report No. 115–297, offered by Mr. C
ALVERT of Cali-fornia: 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 8, line 16, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000) (increased by $500,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
OF CONNECTICUT  Page 15, line 13, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $300,000) (in-creased by $300,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
OF RHODE ISLAND  Page 15, line 13, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 39, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . CLYBURN  
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  Page 16, line 4, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 16, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 39, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . HECK OF  
WASHINGTON  Page 16, line 4, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $5,500,000)’’. Page 39, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,500,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . 
O’HALLERAN OF ARIZONA  Page 31, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 39, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MS . PLASKETT  
OF VIRGIN ISLANDS  Page 39, line 1, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $995,000)’’. Page 40, line 11, after the first dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $995,000)’’. Page 40 line 11, after the second dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $977,000)’’. Page 40, line 25, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(increased by $18,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MRS . CAROLYN  
B. MALONEY OF NEW YORK  Page 39, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. Page 109, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . BRENDAN F . 
BOYLE OF PENNSYLVANIA  Page 43, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,911,000)’’. Page 104, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,911,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . WELCH OF  
VERMONT  Page 63, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,399,000)’’. Page 64, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $4,399,000)’’. Page 64, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,399,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . MAST OF  
FLORIDA  Page 63, line 6, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,086,000)’’ after the dollar amount. Page 64, line 1, insert ‘‘(decreased by $1,086,000)’’ after the dollar amount. AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 64, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $468,000) (increased by $468,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . MAST OF  
FLORIDA  Page 64, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. Page 67, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 74, line 4, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS OF  
COLORADO  Page 81, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $12,371,000)’’. Page 85, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $12,371,000)’’. Page 86, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,989,000)’’. Page 86, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,382,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . 
O’HALLERAN OF ARIZONA  Page 95, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $47,000,000) (increased by $47,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to limit outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian Institution. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of division A, before the short title, add the following new section: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act for the ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF IN-TERIOR—N
ATIONAL PARK SERVICE —NA-
TIONAL RECREATION AND PRESERVATION ’’ may be used in contravention of section 320101 of title 54, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used may be used to eliminate the Urban Wildlife Refuge Part-nership. 
AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MS . POLIQUIN  
OF MAINE  At the end of division A (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used to enforce the export permission requirements of section 9(d)(1) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538(d)(1)) for members of the phy-lum Echinodermata commonly known as sea urchins and sea cucumbers. 
AMENDMENT NO . 79 OFFERED BY MS . SPEIER OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of division A (before the short title) insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, imple-ment, administer, or enforce the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Special Regulations, Areas of the National Park Service, Golden Gate Na-tional Recreation Area, Dog Management’’ published by the National Park Service in the Federal Register on February 24, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 9139 et seq.; Regulation Identifier No. 1024–AE16). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.105 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7136 September 7, 2017 
from California (Mr. C ALVERT ) and the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ) each will control 10 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK). Mr. HECK. Mr. Chairman, this amendment helps our local commu-nities preserve and restore important historic sites through a successful Fed-eral-State partnership. For more than 40 years, the Historic Preservation Fund has helped our States and Native Tribes leverage funds to revitalize communities and create opportunities for economic growth. In my district, for example, the His-toric Preservation Fund was recently used to rehabilitate Olympia’s historic Stoker House, which is now home to a small clinic that provides much-needed mental health counseling services. This year, funds were also used for Washington State’s Youth Heritage Project in Tacoma, which introduced high school students to the maritime heritage of the Puget Sound region. This amendment would simply re-store Historic Preservation funding to last year’s levels. It is a small but ef-fective Federal program that deserves continued support. This is a bipartisan amendment, and I am thankful to have the support of the co-chairs of the Historic Preserva-tion Caucus, Congressmen T
URNER and B
LUMENAUER , along with Congressmen S
MITH, COURTNEY , and K EATING . Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I have no opposition to this en bloc amendment moving forward, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the en bloc, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I am thrilled to rise today to speak on be-half of my amendment which will re-move unnecessary, redundant, and bur-densome regulations from our sea ur-chins and sea cucumbers industry in the great State of Maine. Now, we have some of the most hard-working people, Mr. Chair, in our State, and some of them—about 600 or so of them—along with the processing part brave the cold, dark waters of the great State of Maine and dive for sea urchins and cucumbers and harvest them on a regular basis year-round. It is a process that is dangerous, but these delicacies are sold all around the world, mostly in the Far East, and we need to make sure our government helps these individuals work this ter-rific fishery that has been doing so well in the past. Now, I want to thank my colleague, CHELLIE PINGREE , who represents the First District. I represent the Second District of Maine. She has been very helpful. We have worked together for quite some time on this issue in a bi-partisan way to make sure, Mr. Chair-man, that we don’t have too many reg-ulations that are unnecessary and ex-pensive such that we can make sure this part of our fishery is healthy and goes forward. So, again, I appreciate, Mr. Chair-man, very much your giving me this opportunity to speak on behalf of my amendment. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I have no other speakers present at this time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I have no other speakers. I rise in support of the amendments en bloc, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to speak in support of my amendment to Division A of H.R. 3354, the ‘‘Interior and Environment Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2018.’’ Let me also thank Chairman C
ALVERT and Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM for their leader-ship in shepherding this bill to the floor. Among other agencies, this legislation funds the Smithsonian Institution, which operates our national museums, including the Air and Space Museum; the Museum of African Art; the Museum of the American Indian; and the National Portrait Gallery. The Smithsonian also operates another na-tional treasure: the National Zoo. Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple but it sends a very important message from the Congress of the United States. The Jackson Lee Amendment simply pro-vides that: ‘‘Sec.lll. None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to limit outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian In-stitution.’’ This amendment is identical to an amend-ment I offered to the Interior and Environment Appropriations Act for FY2008 (H.R. 2822) that was approved by voice vote on July 7, 2016. Mr. Chair, the Smithsonian’s outreach pro-grams bring Smithsonian scholars in art, his-tory and science out of ‘‘the nation’s attic’’ and into their own backyard. Each year, millions of Americans visit the Smithsonian in Washington, D.C. But in order to fulfill the Smithsonian’s mis-sion, ‘‘the increase and diffusion of knowl-edge,’’ the Smithsonian seeks to serve an even greater audience by bringing the Smith-sonian to enclaves of communities who other-wise would be deprived of the vast amount of cultural history offered by the Smithsonian. The Smithsonian’s outreach programs serve millions of Americans, thousands of commu-nities, and hundreds of institutions in all 50 states, through loans of objects, traveling exhi-bitions, and sharing of educational resources via publications, lectures and presentations, training programs, and websites. Smithsonian outreach programs work in close cooperation with Smithsonian museums and research centers, as well as with 144 affil-iate institutions and others across the nation. The Smithsonian’s outreach activities sup-port community-based cultural and educational organizations around the country. They ensure a vital, recurring, and high-im-pact Smithsonian presence in all 50 states through the provision of traveling exhibitions and a network of affiliations. Smithsonian outreach programs increase connections between the Institution and tar-geted audiences (African American, Asian American, Latino, Native American, and new American) and provide kindergarten through college-age museum education and outreach opportunities. These outreach programs enhance K–12 science education programs, facilitate the Smithsonian’s scholarly interactions with stu-dents and scholars at universities, museums, and other research institutions; and dissemi-nate results related to the research and collec-tions strengths of the Institution. The programs that provide the critical mass of Smithsonian outreach activity are: 1. the Smithsonian Institution Traveling Ex-hibition Service (SITES); 2. the Smithsonian Affiliations, the Smithso-nian Center for Education and Museum Stud-ies (SCEMS); 3. National Science Resources Center (NSRC); 4. the Smithsonian Institution Press (SIP); 5. the Office of Fellowships (OF); and 6. the Smithsonian Associates (TSA), which receives no federal funding. To achieve the goal of increasing public en-gagement, SITES directs some of its federal resources to develop Smithsonian Across America: A Celebration of National Pride. This ‘‘mobile museum,’’ which will feature Smithsonian artifacts from the most iconic (presidential portraits, historic American flags, Civil War records, astronaut uniforms, etc.) to the simplest items of everyday life (family quilts, prairie schoolhouse furnishings, historic lunch boxes, multilingual store front and street signs, etc.), has been a long-standing organi-zational priority of the Smithsonian. SITES ‘‘mobile museum’’ is the only trav-eling exhibit format able to guarantee audi-ence growth and expanded geographic dis-tribution during sustained periods of economic retrenchment, but also because it is imperative for the many exhibitors nationwide who are struggling financially yet eager to participate in Smithsonian outreach. For communities still struggling to fully re-cover from the economic downturn, the ability of museums to present temporary exhibitions, the ‘‘mobile museum’’ promises to answer an ever-growing demand for Smithsonian shows in the field. A single, conventional SITES exhibit can reach a maximum of 12 locations over a two- to three-year period. In contrast, a ‘‘mobile museum’’ exhibit can visit up to three venues per week in the course of only one year, at no cost to the host institution or community. The net result is an increase by 150 in the number of outreach locations to which SITES shows can travel annually. And in addition to its flexibility in making short-term stops in cities and towns from coast-to-coast, a ‘‘mobile museum’’ has the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.106 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7137 September 7, 2017 
advantage of being able to frequent the very locations where people live, work, and take part in leisure time activities. By establishing an exhibit presence in set-tings like these, SITES will not only increase its annual visitor participation by 1 million, but also advance a key Smithsonian performance objective: to develop exhibit approaches that address diverse audiences, including popu-lation groups not always affiliated with main-stream cultural institutions. SITES also will be the public exhibitions’ face of the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture, as that new Museum comes online. Providing national access to projects that will introduce the American public to the Mu-seum’s mission, SITES in FY 2008 will tour such stirring exhibitions as NASA ART: 50 Years of Exploration; 381 Days: The Mont-gomery Bus Boycott Story; Beyond: Visions of Planetary Landscapes; The Way We Worked: Photographs from the National Archives; and More Than Words: Illustrated Letters from the Smithsonian’s Archives of American Art. To meet the growing demand among small-er community and ethnic museums for an ex-hibition celebrating the Latino experience, SITES provided a scaled-down version of the National Museum of American History’s 4,000- square-foot exhibition about legendary enter-tainer Celia Cruz. Two 1,500-square-foot exhibitions, one about Crow Indian history and the other on basket traditions, will give Smithsonian visitors beyond Washington a taste of the Institution’s critically acclaimed National Museum of the American Indian. Two more exhibits, ‘‘In Plane View’’ and ‘‘Earth from Space,’’ provided visitors an op-portunity to experience the Smithsonian’s re-cently opened, expansive National Air and Space Museum Udvar-Hazy Center. For almost 30 years, The Smithsonian As-sociates—the highly regarded educational arm of the Smithsonian Institution—has arranged Scholars in the Schools programs. Through this tremendously successful and well-received educational outreach program, the Smithsonian shares its staff—hundreds of experts in art, history and science—with the national community at a local level. The mission of Smithsonian Affiliations is to build a strong national network of museums and educational organizations in order to es-tablish active and engaging relationships with communities throughout the country. There are currently 138 affiliates located in the United States, Puerto Rico, and Panama. By working with museums of diverse subject areas and scholarly disciplines, both emerging and well-established, Smithsonian Affiliations is building partnerships through which audi-ences and visitors everywhere will be able to share in the great wealth of the Smithsonian while building capacity and expertise in local communities. The National Science Resources Center (NSRC) strives to increase the number of eth-nically diverse students participating in effec-tive science programs based on NSRC prod-ucts and services. The Center develops and implements a na-tional outreach strategy that will increase the number of school districts (currently more than 800) that are implementing NSRC K–8 pro-grams. The NSRC is striving to further enhance its program activity with a newly developed sci-entific outreach program introducing commu-nities and school districts to science through literacy initiatives. In addition, through the building of the multi-cultural Alliance Initiative, the Smithsonian’s outreach programs seek to develop new ap-proaches to enable the public to gain access to Smithsonian collections, research, edu-cation, and public programs that reflect the di-versity of the American people, including un-derserved audiences of ethnic populations and persons with disabilities. For all these reasons, Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the Jackson Lee Amendment and thank Chairman C
ALVERT and Ranking Mem-ber M
CCOLLUM for their courtesies, consider-ation, and very fine work in putting together this excellent legislation. Mr. Chair, I also want to thank you for this opportunity to speak in support of my amend-ments to Division A of H.R. 3354, the Interior and Environment Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2018 and to commend Chairman C
AL-
VERT and Ranking Member M CCOLLUM for their leadership in shepherding this bill through the legislative process. Among other agencies, this legislation funds the U.S. Forest Service, the National Park System, and the Smithsonian Institution, which operates our national museums including the National Zoo. Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple but it sends a very important message from the Congress of the United States. The Jackson Lee Amendment emphasizes the importance of Urban Wildlife Refuge Part-nerships and urban forests, and preserves our ability to return urban areas to healthy and safe living environments for our children. Similar amendments were offered and ac-cepted in the Interior and Environment Appro-priations Acts for Fiscal Year 2017 (H.R. 2822), Fiscal Year 2008 (H.R. 2643), and Fis-cal Year 2007 (H.R. 5386), and were adopted by voice vote. Mr. Chair, surveys indicate that some urban forests are in serious danger. In the past 30 years alone, we have lost 30 percent of all our urban trees—a loss of over 600 million trees. Eighty percent (80 percent) of the American population lives in the dense quarters of a city. Reforestation programs return a tool of na-ture to a concrete area that can help to re-move air pollution, filter out chemicals and ag-ricultural waste in water, and save commu-nities millions of dollars in storm water man-agement costs. I have certainly seen neighborhoods in Houston benefit from urban reforestation. In addition, havens of green in the middle of a city can have beneficial effects on a commu-nity’s health, both physical and psychological, as well as increase property value of sur-rounding real estate. Reforestation of cities is an innovative way of combating urban sprawl and deterioration. Mr. Chair, a real commitment to enhancing our environment involves both the protection of existing natural resources and active sup-port for restoration and improvement projects. Several years ago, American Forests, a leading conservation group, estimated that the tree cover lost in the greater Washington met-ropolitan area from 1973 to 1997 resulted in an additional 540 million cubic feet of storm water runoff annually, which would have taken more than $1 billion in storm water control fa-cilities to manage. Trees breathe in carbon dioxide, and produce oxygen. People breathe in oxygen and exhale car-bon dioxide. A typical person consumes about 38 lb of oxygen per year. A healthy tree, say a 32 ft tall ash tree, can produce about 260 lb of oxygen annually—two trees supply the oxygen needs of a person for a year! Trees help reduce pollution by capturing particulates like dust and pollen with their leaves. A mature tree absorbs from 120 to 240 lbs of the small particles and gases of air pollu-tion. Trees help combat the effects of ‘‘green-house’’ gases, the increased carbon dioxide produced from burning fossil fuels that is causing our atmosphere to ‘‘heat up.’’ Trees help cool down the overall city envi-ronment by shading asphalt, concrete and metal surfaces. Buildings and paving in city centers create a heat-island effect. A mature tree canopy reduces air tempera-tures by about 5–10 degrees Fahrenheit. A 25 foot tree reduces annual heating and cooling costs of a typical residence by 8 to 12 percent, producing an average annual savings of $120 per American household. Proper tree plantings around buildings can slow winter winds, and reduce annual energy use for home heating by 4–22 percent. Mr. Chair, trees play a vital role in making our cities more sustainable and more livable. The Jackson Lee Amendment simply pro-vides for continued support to programs like Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnerships that refor-est our urban areas. For all these reasons, Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of the Jackson Lee Amendment and thank Chairman C
ALVERT and Ranking Mem-ber M
CCOLLUM for their courtesies, consider-ation, and very fine work in putting together this legislation. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 2, line 25, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $12,000,000)’’. Page 66, line 2, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $12,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, my amendment will restore $12 million in cuts to the already underfunded Super-fund Enforcement program, with an equivalent cut to Bureau of Land Man-agement’s oil and gas leasing program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.043 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7138 September 7, 2017 
Superfund Enforcement is the epit-ome of Federal fiscal responsibility. It ensures that polluters pay for the cleanup and the mess they have caused. For over 35 years, EPA’s Superfund Enforcement program has enabled thousands of site investigations at cleanups and has required viable re-sponsible parties to either conduct the work or pay for the cleanups of these Superfund sites, in other words, hold parties accountable for the action and correction of their activities. b1730 Any cuts to these funds clearly places corporate interests over that of the health and financial well-being of the American people. According to the EPA, the Superfund Enforcement program’s efforts to nego-tiate settlement agreements and issue order for cleanup work accounts for ap-proximately 69 percent of all the clean-up work currently underway at Super-fund sites around this country. For every dollar the Superfund En-forcement program spends, private par-ties commit $8 toward cleanup work. The enforcement funding is essential in saving taxpayer dollars and the scarce resources of the Superfund trust fund to address truly abandoned and or-phaned sites. As of August 1, 2017, there were 1,845 Superfund sites in the country. These sites include dangerous and toxic sub-stances not just in my backyard but in everybody’s backyard. Perhaps not surprisingly, Superfund sites tend to be located near lower in-come communities and around commu-nities of color. Approximately 53 mil-lion people live within 3 miles of a Superfund site in this country, and 46 percent of them live in poorer commu-nities and communities of color. Fif-teen percent of those residents live below the poverty level. According to a National Association of Clean Air Agencies report: ‘‘Without EPA’s enforcement, companies could avoid reporting, or minimize the re-ported amount of toxic materials re-leased to the environment.’’ Following one of the most cata-strophic hurricanes to hit Texas, the EPA found that 13 Superfund sites have been flooded or could face damage as a result of Hurricane Harvey. Administrator Pruitt has repeatedly tried to justify his cuts to the agency by claiming that he wants the agency to go ‘‘back to the basics.’’ I can’t think of anything more fundamental than cleaning up the most toxic sites in the Nation to protect the health of the people who live nearby in those communities. Restoring the ability of the EPA to self-sustain its core mission should be a no-brainer for those on both sides of the aisle. In order to restore the fund-ing, my amendment will make a mod-est cut to the BLM’s oil and gas pro-gram. This program is a massive give-away to the very polluters that have made the existence of the Superfund program a necessity. Currently, 7,950 drilling permits are approved and not being used. There are 14.4 million acres of public land under lease and not producing. There is no justification to dole out more taxpayer money in order to expedite and speed up the permitting or leasing practices when we have that amount not being used and over close to 15 million acres under lease, as we speak. A report by Oil Change International recently found that the U.S. Govern-ment provided about $6 billion annu-ally in financial support to the oil, gas, and coal industries between 2013 and 2015. Meanwhile, oil giant ExxonMobil’s profits more than dou-bled in the first quarter of this year, which equaled $4.1 billion in profits for just that one quarter. They certainly did not need more taxpayer money while communities across the United States continue to be exposed to toxic and hazardous pollution. My amendment restores, in part, EPA’s core mission to protect the pub-lic health of the American people and to hold all polluters responsible and liable for the environmental and health risks they cause. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The gentleman from California is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I cer-tainly appreciate the gentleman’s sup-port for robust funding of the Super-fund program, particularly the cleanup program. There is a need for Congress to make progress to address the backlog of 1,300 sites on the national priority list. The bill proposes to do so with a $47.6 mil-lion increase for cleanup work. How-ever, the amendment proposes merely to increase EPA’s enforcement budget by $12 million, with a stated objective of reducing BLM’s oil and gas manage-ment program. The committee wrote a balanced bill, and I support the wise use of Federal oil and gas resources. Therefore, I op-pose the amendment and urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the gentle-man’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, this is a prudent, necessary protection of public health and the environment. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I ask Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 115–297. AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . BACON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. BACON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 16, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $1,974,000)’’. Page 10, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. Mr. BACON. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer amendment No. 5. I plan to ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. However, before I do, I would ask to engage Chairman C
AL-
VERT in a brief colloquy. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman. Mr. CALVERT. I would be happy to engage the gentleman from Colorado in a colloquy. Mr. BACON. The Fish and Wildlife Service has a backlog of 49 species waiting to be down-listed or delisted. This issue is further compounded by the fact that an additional 839 species are overdue for their mandatory 5-year status review to determine if ESA pro-tections need to continue. It is no wonder why States are frus-trated that species are put on the list and rarely removed. To be more effec-tive in species conservation, the Fish and Wildlife Service must address this backlog so States can better focus their recovery efforts. I respect the committee’s progress made on this front, but I hope we can make further efforts to ensure the Fish and Wildlife Service is an effective ally in species conservation under EPA. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman. Mr. CALVERT. I thank the gen-tleman for his comments and for his amendment, and I fully agree with his concerns about the backlogs, but I have concerns with the proposed offset and appreciate the intention to with-draw it. The committee has made a concerted effort in recent years to fix these prob-lems and has increased the recovery ac-count by almost $4 million over the last 2 years. Under House Republican pressure over the past 7 years, the Fish and Wildlife Service has delisted more spe-cies than all other previous years com-bined, but, clearly, we still have a long way to go. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.108 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7139 September 7, 2017 
The Service has been directed and funded to complete all 5-year reviews within the period required by law, and the committee will continue to press the Service to see that they eliminate these backlogs. I thank the gentleman again for rais-ing this issue, and I pledge to work with him on this. Mr. BACON. I thank the gentleman for his feedback and efforts, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I withdraw my amend-ment No. 5. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Ranking Member L
OWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ). Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, my amendments address critical health needs in Indian Country by providing the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Indian Health Service additional fund-ing to complete projects. My first amendment ensures commu-nities, including the Hopi Tribe in my district, have resources for funding to complete their arsenic medication project. My second amendment fulfills part of our trust relationship with federally recognized Tribes by ensuring Indian Health Service clinics and hospitals opening this year receive staffing and operations funding. In my district, the Gila River Health Care Red Tail Hawk Health Center is scheduled to be opened, but has not re-ceived staffing or operation funding. These healthcare facilities are badly needed to increase access to healthcare in the community. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from the Virgin Is-lands (Ms. P
LASKETT ). Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chairman, I am asking that we include my provision for raising funds for the Department of the Interior’s assistance to territories in this en bloc amendment. This is a very modest uptick of the $1 million in Federal support for the United States territories, namely the Virgin Islands, Guam, Northern Mar-iana Islands, and American Samoa. It is crucial that the Federal Government keep its commitment to address the pressing needs of Americans living in these territories as we face grave nat-ural disaster and security threats. Right now, thousands of people are feeling the effects of one of the most catastrophic hurricanes ever to strike the Caribbean region. Hurricane Irma has toppled buildings and leveled many homes. Making the Virgin Islands whole again will require massive and coordinated efforts spanning a long pe-riod of time. Much of the Federal Government’s support for Americans in U.S. terri-tories comes out of this territorial as-sistance account, with funding chan-neled toward necessary community fa-cilities like schools, hospitals, and critical infrastructure systems. This support is imperative. After this hurricane, one of our hos-pitals is partially destroyed. The other faces egregious deferred maintenance issues due, in part, to an extremely high proportion of uncompensated care because the territories face inequitable treatment in Federal health programs like Medicaid and Medicare. Construction or repair to schools and hospitals account for much of the cap-ital improvement project expenditures that come directly out of this assist-ance to the territories’ account. We are asking that the territories re-ceive the same funding that they have received previously, and please approve this amendment to reverse this cut as a simple matter of fairness to the terri-tories. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
CALVERT OF CALIFORNIA  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, pursu-ant to section 3 of House Resolution 504, as the designee of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ), I rise to offer amendments en bloc No. 2. The list of the amendments included in the en bloc is at the desk and has been agreed to by both sides. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 2 consisting of amendment Nos. 1, 6, 24, 28, 33, 52, 54, and 70 printed in House Report 115–297, offered by Mr. C
ALVERT of California: 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY OF  
ARIZONA  Page 2, line 25, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $316,000)’’. Page 64, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $364,700)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . MAST OF  
FLORIDA  Page 8, line 16, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,200,000)’’. Page 21, line 07, after the dollar amount, insert, ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . MAST OF  
FLORIDA  Page 63, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $979,000)’’. Page 104 line 10, after the dollar amount, insert, ‘‘(increased by $979,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
OF ARIZONA  Page 64, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $3,831,000)’’. Page 81, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. Page 81, line 10, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
OF WEST VIRGINIA  Page 80, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $9,500,000)’’. Page 81, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 81, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE OF  
ALABAMA  At the end of division A (before the short title) insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose to repeal section 105(a)(2) or section 105(b) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note). 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
OF TEXAS  At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. llll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used by the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to hire or pay the salary of any offi-cer or employee of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency under subsection (f) or (g) of section 207 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 209) who is not already receiving pay under either such subsection on the date of enactment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MR . EMMER OF  
MINNESOTA  At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to withdraw Na-tional Forest System lands within the Rainy River Watershed on the Superior National Forest from disposition under United States mineral and geothermal leasing laws. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ) and the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ) each will control 10 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ). Mr. EMMER. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to sup-port this en bloc amendment because it contains language I offered to support the hardworking people of Minnesota. Our amendment halts a last-minute effort by the previous administration that would restrict all leasing, explo-ration, and potential development of approximately 234,000 acres of Federal land in northeast Minnesota. If this ban were to take effect, it would have a devastating impact on the economy of my State, as well as our Nation as a whole. Minnesota’s Department of Natural Resources has estimated there are roughly $500 billion worth of minerals in the area proposed for withdrawal, in addition to nearly $3 billion in royalty revenues for Minnesota’s Permanent School Trust Fund, which would sup-port almost 900,000 K–12 students state-wide. Through this amendment, we have a real opportunity to get the Federal Government out of the way so this land can remain available for future devel-opment to bring much-needed jobs and revenue to the great State of Min-nesota. These efforts have garnered the sup-port of more than 60 members of the Minnesota Legislature, from both par-ties I might add. We also have the backing of Chairman B
ISHOP of the House Natural Resources Committee, as well as the chairman of the Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee, Representative P
AULGOSAR . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.111 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7140 September 7, 2017 
b1745 The National Mining Association, Mining Minnesota, and the Congres-sional Western Caucus are in favor of the amendment, and it could not be more in line with the current adminis-tration’s priorities to create jobs and reinvigorate the American economy. Because we know that somehow, somewhere, someone will find a way to mine the precious metals in this area in a safe and environmentally respon-sible way—— The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Minnesota. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, when that happens, Minnesota deserves to have that opportunity and the jobs and economic prosperity that will ensue. Again, I thank the chairman for the opportunity to speak in support of my amendment, and I encourage everyone to support the en bloc package. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this en bloc amendment. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ). Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to this block of amendments, and I do appreciate that this block seeks to increase funding to address the National Park Service’s $11.3 billion backlog of deferred main-tenance. I firmly believe that we need to in-crease annual appropriations for our parks, but funding shouldn’t come at the expense of other critical agency ac-counts. In my neck of the woods, the Olym-pic National Park, alone, has $150 mil-lion in backlogged maintenance needs, so we are not going to accomplish this enormous goal a few million dollars at a time. The real solution is for Con-gress to provide a robust and dedicated funding source, and that is why I partnered with Representative H
URD and my fellow Washingtonian, Rep-resentative R
EICHERT , to introduce the National Park Service Legacy Act, which will create a dedicated source of funding to address the National Park Service maintenance backlog. This bi-partisan and bicameral bill is funded through unobligated mineral royalties and would generate up to $500 million, annually, through 2047. So, if we are serious about addressing the overwhelming maintenance back-log in our national parks, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment and join me in support of the National Park Service Legacy Act. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to all these amendments in-cluded in the en bloc. Many of them use offsets from accounts in the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency of the Fish and Wildlife Service, and they are already severely underfunded. I am particularly troubled by one amendment to this group that threat-ens our Nation’s most visited wilder-ness area. Let me tell you why I oppose the Emmer amendment. The Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, located in northern Min-nesota, is one of the last truly wild places in America. These 1.1 million acres of unspoiled woodlands and more than 1,000 pristine lakes are beloved by adventurers, canoers, and sportsmen from all across our country. This na-tional treasure lies in the vast Rainy River Watershed and flows north into Voyageurs National Park and onward towards Canada. Recently, there has been a push to conduct sulfide-ore copper mining less than 3 miles from the Boundary Waters Wilderness. This mining threatens to irreplaceably damage the waters, the wildlife, and the landscape. Sulfur ore mining is the most toxic industry in America, polluting waterways with acid drainage that contains arsenic, mercury, and lead. In 2014, the Mount Polley sulfide-ore mine in British Columbia failed, dump-ing billions of liters of toxic sludge and leaving permanent environmental dam-age in its wake. To protect the boundary waters from this type of destruction, the Forest Service acted last December and launched a thorough environmental analysis with public engagement to as-sess what type of mining, if any, is ap-propriate on Federal lands and this wa-tershed for the next 20 years. The Trump and the Obama administrations have both agreed we need a thorough, scientific-based assessment of the best management of this sensitive eco-system and conservation of our bound-ary waters. The Emmer amendment upends this careful process. It pushes aside the Forest Service’s ongoing study. It man-dates that dangerous copper and sulfide mining will be allowed in the water-shed, regardless of the conclusions of this environmental study, and it inten-tionally ignores a public process that hundreds of thousands of Americans weighed in on with comments on both sides of the issue. In my opinion, this amendment sets a horrible precedent, wastes taxpayer dollars already in-vested in this study, and threatens a national treasure, and it should never become law. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the en bloc and urge its adoption. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Chair, let me start by ac-knowledging my colleagues, Representatives E MMER and N OLAN . I’m proud to call both of you my friends, but I’m speaking tonight be-cause I disagree with this amendment. We can be open to new types of mining in Minnesota when the necessary environmental reviews are met, like in the case of Polymet, which I support. Taconite mining is part of Minnesota’s DNA. However, the copper-nickel mining being pro-posed on the edge of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area is not taconite mining, and has never been done before in Minnesota. Earlier this year, the Trump administration said it would allow the current environmental review process to proceed to completion. I support that decision, and I oppose this amendment’s effort to defund an ongoing environmental re-view to protect one of Minnesota’s natural treasures. Indeed, it’s one of our country’s most spectacular wilderness areas. The Boundary Waters is Minnesota’s Yel-lowstone. Hundreds of thousands of Ameri-cans visit on fishing and canoe trips annually. Some of the best memories of my life have taken place in the Boundary Waters, both as a child and now as a parent with my daugh-ters. The public process that is underway after hundreds of thousands of people weighed in with their comments, should not be ignored and tossed aside. And, a science-based as-sessment of the best management practices of this sensitive ecosystem should be adhered to. We owe it to future generations to under-stand the impact copper-nickel mining poses to Minnesota’s most precious water and land before we put it at risk. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 115–297. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 15, line 13, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $9,692,000)’’. Page 15, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $9,692,000)’’. Page 64, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $12,078,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Arizona. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in favor of my amendment to the Make America Secure and Prosperous Appropriations Act. This amendment would approve ac-cess to America’s prized treasures by increasing the National Park Service’s Facility Maintenance and Operations account by $9.7 million, bringing the funding amount up to the fiscal year 2017 enacted level. In doing so, this amendment will help address the long-standing deferred maintenance needs of the Park Service. Currently, the National Park Service has an $11.9 billion backlog, which is a figure that has increased steadily since 2009. According to the most recent NPS deferred maintenance report, the Yo-semite National Park, in Chairman C
ALVERT ’s home State, has a backlog of $555 million. Yellowstone has a back-log of $716 million across three States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.114 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7141 September 7, 2017 
The Grand Canyon’s backlog of $350 million makes up a large portion of my home State’s—Arizona—delayed and deferred projects. In fact, Arizona has one of the largest backlogs of any State in the country: $565 million. This problem doesn’t only impact the crown jewels of the park system. In my district, maintenance projects require attention at the Saguaro National Park of approximately $12.9 million, of which the Chiricahua National Monu-ment in Cochise County faces roughly $10.3 million in needed restoration projects. Mr. Chairman, this country and my State is home to some of the world’s most renowned landscapes and natural beauty. By providing this modest fund-ing increase to address some of the backlog across the Nation, my amend-ment will ensure Americans have unimpaired access to their national parks and that the enjoyment of these wonders is available for future genera-tions. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I must oppose this amendment that takes more money away from an al-ready starved Environmental Protec-tion Agency. The EPA’s main oper-ating account is already cut by $240 million. The EPA plays a critical role in keeping Americans safe both during natural disasters like Hurricane Har-vey and on a day-to-day basis. I know this because the EPA, right now, is cleaning up a toxic waste site that has been recently discovered in my con-gressional district. Unfortunately, the very air we breathe and the water we drink is en-dangered by the funding and policy de-cisions that are made in this bill, and their consequences will be negatively felt in communities across this Nation. Now, this amendment would increase funding for the National Park Service, something I do support. I have just been to Glacier National Park, where I saw their backlog, and I agree whole-heartedly that we should be investing in our parks, but it cannot be done at the expense of our public health. Republicans have chosen to put for-ward an omnibus bill that leaves near-ly $5 billion of nondiscretionary funds on the table. So rather than gutting the EPA farther, we should be using all the resources available to us and work-ing on a bipartisan budget agreement. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , I move to strike the last word. The Acting Chair. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the gentlewoman’s amendment. I certainly urge Members to support it. This bill maintains the increases pro-vided last year for deferred mainte-nance and increases the construction account by $10 million. This amend-ment will further our efforts to address the longstanding deferred maintenance needs. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate your support of the amend-ment, and I would ask all Members on both sides of the aisle to support our national parks and support this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 12 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 28, line 17, strike ‘‘3’’ and insert ‘‘6’’. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED  
BY MR . GRIFFITH  
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the amend-ment be modified in the form I have placed at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read the modification as follows: 
Insert at the end the following: Page 28, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $75,000,000)’’. Page 64, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $80,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the consideration of what was two amendments that we just merged into one because they went hand-in- glove. My amendment restores critical funding to three additional Appa-lachian States, the same number of States currently funded by the Aban-doned Mine Reclamation Fund, for the reclamation of abandoned mine lands in conjunction with economic and com-munity development and reuse goals. Now, let me explain the program quickly. This was the brainchild of Chairman ROGERS a couple of years back, and what the idea was, originally, when they did the Abandoned Mine Land pro-gram, you could just restore the land. They came up with the concept in the hard-hit devastated areas of central Appalachia that we should not only allow it to be a restoration of the land, but that that land could be used and looked at as an economic purpose, a reuse the community could use for community development or economic development, and that was important. Funding for these reclamation grants was first established in fiscal year 2016, but it was originally provided only to the three Appalachian States with the greatest amount of unfunded reclama-tion needs. Unfortunately, that didn’t, of course, reach all the States, and so last year, an additional three States were added, those States being Virginia, Ohio, Ala-bama, the original three being Penn-sylvania, West Virginia, and Kentucky. This year, as things were working through, Virginia, Ohio, and Alabama were not currently included. My amendment basically makes sure they are included. We have worked with the team on the Appropriations Committee to word it correctly. We think we have got it worded correctly so that we now have the ability to add in all three States. I think this is important. Folks often say to us: Those of you in coal country, in central Appalachia, need to transi-tion your economy. Well, we can’t transition our economy if we have huge blocks of land which we can’t use be-cause they are unusable due to prior acts that left them in a condition where we know they need to be re-claimed, but you can’t reclaim them looking at economic development. So this is a way to retool. Chairman R
OGERS came up with it. We would like to extend it to the other States that would be greatly helped by this, the three that I mentioned previously, Ohio, Alabama, and Virginia, and that is what my amendments do. I would ask all to support this amendment to help those areas that are economically devastated in central Appalachia and expand on a program which is already showing signs of suc-cess. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b1800 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose an amendment that takes more money away from the EPA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.116 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7142 September 7, 2017 
As I mentioned before, this bill al-ready severely cuts the EPA’s main op-erating account by $240 million. The air we breathe and the water we drink are endangered by the policy decisions that are being made in this bill. The consequences will be felt in commu-nities across the Nation. I understand, for many, cutting the EPA is an easy target, but I want my colleagues to un-derstand what this amendment would actually be cutting, if adopted. This account funds programs that are important to both sides of the aisle, in-cluding permitting for construction projects across the country, toxic risk prevention, parts of the successful Brownfields Program, and pesticide li-censing. So I understand that the money would direct more funding to States in Appalachia. Appalachia is suffering. They are suffering from the raging en-vironmental harm caused by coal min-ing. But, unfortunately, I cannot sup-port any deeper cuts to the EPA. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I un-derstand the gentleman’s overall goal is to continue funding for the AML pilot project, consistent with a fiscal year 2017 enacted level, and structure for the six Appalachian States. Therefore, we can accept this pack-age of amendments at this time, work toward maintaining funding for 6 States in a final fiscal year 2018 en-acted bill. If we are able to achieve that goal, I hope we can count on the gentleman’s support to pass both this House package and to enact the 2018 end-of-year spending bill. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-leagues to adopt this amendment. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, once again, I appreciate the challenges that the gentleman is suffering in his State and throughout Appalachia, but I can-not support any more deeper cuts to the EPA, so I must oppose the amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to help us transition the economy in central Appalachian sup-port to the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE) for the purpose of a col-loquy. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman F
RELING -
HUYSEN and Interior Subcommittee Chairman C
ALVERT for their efforts on this legislation, and I thank them for the opportunity to speak today. I am committed to pursuing a com-prehensive all-of-the-above energy strategy, and I would like to take this time to engage in a colloquy on section 438 of this bill, pertaining to offshore wind development. As a representative from a coastal area, I want to ensure that all offshore energy development is pursued in a pragmatic manner. Section 438 restricts funding for the Department of the Interior to admin-ister offshore wind leases within 24 nautical miles off the coast of Mary-land. This language hinders offshore wind development by imposing unprec-edented and burdensome requirements on three existing leases. Typically, offshore wind turbines are constructed roughly 12 nautical miles from the coastline, which is generally out of sight from shore. By doubling the setback, section 438 unreasonably restricts these projects and sets a poor policy precedent for future develop-ment. Furthermore, modifying the terms and conditions of the leases violates the sanctity of the lease and creates considerable uncertainty for companies pursuing any offshore wind project. It is critical that we establish regu-latory and contractual certainty in all areas of natural resource development. America’s offshore wind industry is in its infancy, and the policies and prece-dents that we set today will affect in-vestment long into the future. The language contained in section 438 is concerning for this reason, and I look forward to working with the gen-tleman from Maryland in the future to find a more appropriate solution. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
ARRIS ) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. C
ALVERT for allowing me time to discuss an issue that is important to my constituents in Ocean City, Mary-land. I am proud that Ocean City is home to beautiful beaches and views and, as a result, a booming tourism industry. I sought the inclusion of section 438 to respond to concerns of Ocean City residents regarding the visibility of the proposed wind turbines offshore. By siting turbines within 24 nautical miles from the shoreline, I am concerned that our beach economy and tourist ex-perience will be compromised. I believe every effort must be made to minimize the impact of this project on the Ocean City view shed. This large scale project requires full consideration of the needs and opinions of the local community. I look forward to working with my colleagues to de-velop a practical solution to this chal-lenge. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, as I mentioned at our full committee mark-up, I understood that my colleague, Dr. HARRIS , was offering his amendment to address local concerns from his resi-dents with respect to the visibility of offshore turbines. With all of these off-shore projects, many varying view-points need to be taken into account. I appreciate that we have been able to discuss many of these views and con-cerns here today. It is my hope that we can work with the authorizing committees of jurisdic-tion, the administration, and all inter-ested stakeholders to identify some better solutions as we move forward through the fiscal year 2018 process. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. T
IPTON ). The Chair understands that amendment No. 14 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . THOMPSON  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 28, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $32,491,000)’’. Page 64, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $32,491,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman of the subcommittee for the opportunity to offer this amendment. Mr. Chairman, prior to the enact-ment of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, coal min-ing played an important role in the United States for nearly 2 centuries, providing critical energy and jobs for our Nation. However, across Pennsylvania and throughout Appalachia, we continue to have great needs in reclaiming our abandoned mine lands and restoring our waters that have been impacted by historical mining activities. Since 1977, we have made great gains in restoring our historical mine lands, but much more work still needs to be done. The Federal Office of Surface Mining has estimated that the unfunded liabil-ities of abandoned mine lands across the Nation exceeds $10 billion, with nearly half of that obligation located in Pennsylvania. To complement the funding from the AML trust fund, which was established through SMCRA, this legislation con-tains appropriations for the AML pilot program in order to support additional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.120 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7143 September 7, 2017 
funding for abandoned mine lands for areas that need assistance most. This program provides grants to States ‘‘to accelerate the remediation of AML sites with the economic and community development end uses in mind.’’ Unfortunately, this legislation pro-vides $32 million less for the pilot pro-gram compared to last year’s level. My amendment is simple and would not increase Federal spending. The amendment would restore funding for the Abandoned Mine Land Reclamation pilot program to its 2017 level by re-allocating funds from the EPA’s Envi-ronmental Programs and Management by the same amount. Mr. Chairman, where these funds are coming from is very consistent with the mission of that account that it would to be taken from. But the dif-ference is that by putting this into the AML pilot program with a laser focus, we are focused on environmental con-cerns that have been identified, and we are funding remediation techniques that are proven. We have an obligation to clean up our environment and restore our aban-doned mine lands and waters, and this program helps us do just that. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and ranking member, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose this amendment that takes more money, again, away from an already starved EPA. This is a duplicate from the last amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia earlier. It cuts another $32 million from the EPA’s operating accounts. Our country right now is dealing with two catastrophes caused by hurri-canes. The destruction is going to be felt for years. The EPA right now is one of the primary Federal agencies re-sponsible for protecting human health, monitoring air and water, and man-aging recovery and cleanup, so it would be simply reckless to adopt another amendment that would further cripple the EPA. These two amendments would cut the EPA by $108 million. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentle-woman for those comments. My point is, though, that this actu-ally takes $32 million and puts it like a laser on an area where we know that environmental damage is well docu-mented and we have very effective pub-lic-private partnership techniques to address. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. CAL-
VERT ), chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I am certainly prepared to accept this amendment. I understand the im-portance of the program to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania and other Members in the Appalachian region. I look forward to working with him and all of the interested Members. Mr. Chairman, I encourage adoption of the amendment. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, once again, I understand clearly what the gentleman from Pennsylvania is trying to accomplish. I wish we could accomplish that goal. But with already a $240 million cut to the EPA and all of the challenges on the EPA—we just recently agreed on this floor by a voice vote to cut the EPA another $75 million. This would be another $33 million. So I hope that we can reach a place in the funding that the chairman and I have where we can address the serious concerns that you bring to the floor where you had success with programs. But, at the same time, I would be cut-ting opportunities for cleanup, espe-cially with all of the disasters loom-ing—forest fires, disasters, and cleanup I just had recently in my district that came out of the blue. The EPA wouldn’t have money to respond. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 18 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 39, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,011,000)’’. Page 64, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $1,011,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, my amendment will restore $1 million in cuts to the Environmental Justice pro-gram within the EPA, with an equiva-lent cut to leadership and administra-tion within the DOI Office of the Sec-retary. In 1992, the program was created and originally called the Environmental Equity Office. It was created after a se-ries of releases of reports that revealed polluter sites were disproportionately located in low-income communities and communities of color. b1815 With minimal support, the program has provided communities with lever-aged resources to do things like revi-talize neighborhoods, build health cen-ters, expand affordable housing, create green space and recreation areas, and, more importantly, raise the awareness of the disproportionate treatment in both affected communities and deci-sionmakers. Despite this success within the EPA for decades, we are not even close to dealing with the issue of environ-mental justice. In 2016, the United States Commis-sion on Civil Rights found that racial minorities and low-income commu-nities are still disproportionately af-fected by the siting of waste disposal facilities, permitted emissions facili-ties, and that they often lack the polit-ical and financial clout to properly bargain with polluters when fighting a decision or seeking redress. A report by the staff of the House Committee on Natural Resources found that clean water access and sanitation infrastructure on numerous reserva-tions across the Nation more closely resemble developing countries than they do the rest of the Nation. Nearly half of all homes on Tribal land lack access to adequate drinking water, sewage, or solid waste disposal facili-ties. As a result, Native families often end up drinking unclean water that in-creases disease risks and impairs Trib-al economic development. Additionally, low-income commu-nities of color have been on the front-line of Houston’s petrochemical indus-try for decades, and when Harvey struck, they were some of the first to feel the effects as chemical plants caught fire, refineries began flaring toxins, and polluted floodwater went into their neighborhoods. The EPA Office of Environmental Justice helps integrate concerns of these communities within the general activities of the agencies. This is not a program that can afford to be scaled back, especially as concerns of environ-mental justice continue to arise around Hurricane Harvey and now in Irma’s path. It is critical that we protect frontline communities and commu-nities of color from disparate impacts caused by environmental pollution. One million dollars is not a lot of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.122 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7144 September 7, 2017 
money for this task, but it reaffirms the significance of the office and our sense of equality. Today I ask my colleagues to join in defense of these communities and show them that Congress cares about their public health, their housing, and their importance as people. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, given our allocation, which was $824 million below the fiscal year 2017 level, we had to find areas to trim. It is also impor-tant to note that the bill does not sup-port the elimination of the program, as has been proposed in the President’s budget. It was the committee’s effort to find some middle ground. While I can certainly appreciate the gentleman’s interest to maintain fiscal year 2017 enacted level, the allocation of the committee doesn’t support those levels. So, therefore, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the gentle-man’s amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CEACHIN ), a member of the Natural Resources Committee, and ranking member of the Oversight and Investiga-tions Subcommittee. Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yield-ing. Mr. Chairman, I am proud to rise in support of this amendment to restore funding to the Environmental Justice program within the EPA. This program enables the agency to better assist frontline communities that are dis-proportionately impacted by pollution. Low-income and minority commu-nities face disproportionate levels of hazardous pollution and environmental contaminants due to where their mem-bers live and where they work. The harms are real. For instance, higher levels of air pollution result in members of minority groups having higher death rates and higher numbers of emergency room visits and hospital stays. As the cofounder and co-chair of the United for Climate and Environmental Justice Task Force, it is my mission to combat these environmental injustices and ensure frontline communities no longer bear the unequal burden of envi-ronmental, economic, and health harms. That is why, Mr. Chairman, this amendment is so important. The Environmental Justice program leverages Federal funds to greatly im-prove health and quality of life in our most vulnerable communities. Since the establishment of the program, com-munities have been better able to revi-talize neighborhoods, build health cen-ters, expand affordable housing, and create new green spaces and rec-reational areas. I urge my colleagues to show low-in-come and minority communities that we care about their health, housing, and overall well-being by supporting the amendment. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . PRICE OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 63, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $104,235,000) (increased by $104,235,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would re-store the EPA’s Science and Tech-nology account to 2017 levels. I offer this amendment to underscore the importance of environmental re-search to the health and safety of the American people, as well as thousands of jobs in my district and across the country. This amendment is framed in in-crease-decrease terms for the simple reason that, given the subcommittee’s inadequate allocation, there is simply no place to turn for an offset. The EPA’s Science and Technology account funds research and develop-ment activities within the agency, sup-porting the work of the world’s leading environmental research enterprise and informing the environmental policies that Congress enacts. The bill on the floor today would cut this account by $105 million, a 15 per-cent reduction. About the only good thing I can say about that is that it isn’t as bad as the Trump budget, but it is still a deep and devastating cut. Mr. Chairman, we have to restore these funds as this bill moves through the re-maining stages of the process. The EPA’s Office of Research and De-velopment funded by this account not only supports EPA programs in air, water, toxicology, and energy research, but it also facilitates innovative part-nerships with some of the premier higher education and research institu-tions in the country. EPA research facilities employ more than 2,000 people, supports some 700 af-filiated jobs in my district alone. This includes advanced laboratory sci-entists, administrative personnel, also blue-collar jobs in maintenance, custo-dial, and security positions. The EPA research that this agency conducts, world class research, it al-lows us to remain proactive in pro-tecting the air we breathe, the water we drink, resources, whose safety we must never, ever take for granted. Now, I know the EPA is continually a scapegoat when it comes to spending cuts. In times of crisis, however, we don’t hesitate to call on them to re-spond quickly to events that could pose a threat to the environment and public safety. Just last week in the devastating wake of Hurricane Harvey, sites con-taining dangerous chemicals and con-taminants were severely flooded and damaged. Research from this office, the office being cut in this bill, proved invaluable in putting together a safe and effective response. In other words, the EPA is part of the first line of defense to respond to events that pose threats to public health and safety. It follows that if we gut the EPA’s research budget, we are putting ultimately the American pub-lic at risk. The EPA research cuts underscore, I think, how fraudulent the claim is that this is a bill that would make America secure and prosperous. Really? In re-ality, it would cripple investments that Americans count on each and every day to keep them safe and healthy. Mr. Chairman, I remain hopeful that a bipartisan budget agreement will be reached that will allow us to restore this research funding and do right by the people we represent. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I certainly appreciate my friend’s support for the research conducted at the EPA, and particularly the Research Triangle Park. I am a supporter of the world class research that occurs at RTP with respect to the computational toxi-cology program. That research has helped to identify alternative high throughput testing methodologies that have reduced the number of animals used in laboratories. Given the current allocation, how-ever, which is $824 million below the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.125 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7145 September 7, 2017 
fiscal year 2017 level, we had to find areas to trim. We certainly don’t have a funding level that can support the fiscal year 2017 enacted levels, but we tried to do the best we could to find common ground. I certainly look forward to working with the gentleman in the future, if we happily come to some kind of budget agreement, where we can reallocate funds to something as important as this. But, again, because of our alloca-tion, I must oppose the amendment and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I have to acknowledge that the chairman did a pretty good job of describing some of the research that we have underway in North Carolina and around the country, and I know he un-derstands that and wants to support it. I also know that we have got to do better than the allocations represented in this eight-bill omnibus effort. So I pledge to work with him and other col-leagues to achieve that kind of agree-ment, and then also to revisit this ac-count and other accounts that we know need attention if we are to do our duty as representatives of our communities and also maintain the investments a great country must maintain. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). The amendment was rejected. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) for the purpose of entering into a colloquy. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, I thank both Chairman C
ALVERT and Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN for their work on this legislation. I greatly appreciate the committee’s efforts to fund the Na-tional Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Human-ities. I stress the importance of Federal in-vestments in the arts and humanities. The numbers speak for themselves. The NEA and the NEH each consist of only .003 percent of a nearly $4 trillion Fed-eral budget, yet for every dollar the United States spends on Federal arts initiatives, nine nonFederal dollars are leveraged, generating roughly $600 mil-lion in matching support. Federal arts and humanities funding is a catalyst for the economic develop-ment and job creation that we all need, having a powerful multiplier effect not only in New Jersey, the State I rep-resent, but throughout the entire Na-tion. The arts and humanities also engage nearly every community. In April, I visited the Paper Mill Playhouse in Millburn, New Jersey, in the district I serve, to see its ‘‘Theater for Every-one’’ project in action, an autism- friendly program supported by the NEA. It provides a creative outlet for children with developmental disabil-ities and for their families. Seeing these performances reinforced the im-portance of our continued investments in the NEA and in the NEH. Mr. Chair, I also thank both Chair-man CALVERT and Chairman F RELING -
HUYSEN for including funding for the Delaware River Basin Restoration project authorized just last year to co-ordinate private investments, regional partnerships, and local knowledge, and develop strategies to protect and re-store the watershed’s ecological and recreational assets and historical sig-nificance. b1830 Throughout the four States that are involved—New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, and Delaware—the Dela-ware River Basin supplies 15 million people with clean water and supports approximately $25 billion in economic activity each year. It is imperative that we preserve these resources for fu-ture generations, and I look forward to working with the committee on this initiative. Let me repeat my deep thanks to Chairman C
ALVERT and to Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN . Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ). Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman C
ALVERT and Chair-man F
RELINGHUYSEN for their commit-ment to the arts. I greatly appreciate the subcommittee’s efforts to fund the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Hu-manities. The NEA’s mission is to strengthen the creative capacity of our commu-nities by providing all Americans with diverse opportunities for arts partici-pation. Of critical importance, the NEA has expanded their reach to help servicemembers who have been diag-nosed with TBI, traumatic brain in-jury, and other psychological condi-tions. This new partnership is criti-cally important. The NEA Creative Forces Military Healing Arts Network is a collabora-tion with the Department of Defense which supports music, writing, and vis-ual art therapy at military care facili-ties. They are finding that the best treatment for PTSD is yoga, which doesn’t cost us anything. The Creative Forces program places the creative arts therapies at the core of patient-centered care in military medical facilities and invests in re-search on the impacts and benefits of these innovative treatment methods. The cost-effective, noninvasive arts therapy of those programs rank con-sistently in the top five ‘‘helpful’’ and ‘‘wish to continue’’ programs on pa-tient satisfaction surveys of the men and women who have gone through the programs, and over 85 percent of mili-tary patients said art therapy was helpful to their healing. We may even be learning here that this might be the best thing, as Mr. LANCE was pointing out, for autistic children. But throughout the art therapy pro-grams and the work that they are doing, our servicemen and -women are being able to transition away from the basketful of prescription drugs that they carry around with them and lived on and are rejoining their families and life. So when they wheel out of that healing, that psychological skill-build-ing, self-expression, and self-esteem that comes from these programs, that obviously is certainly something that we need to continue. As part of the NEA’s mission to in-crease access to the arts for all Ameri-cans, Creative Forces enables more servicemembers, veterans, and mili-tary families to benefit from creative art therapies and community arts ac-tivities. NEA is so cheap it is surprising. For the small amount of money we put into it, we would get about $9 billion back and many people who have been em-ployed. We don’t do anything with a better return than the money we spend for the arts. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, as the designee of Ranking Member L
OWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding. I thank Chairman C
AL-
VERT for engaging in this colloquy with Mr. L
ANCE and Ms. S LAUGHTER and me. We are highlighting the importance of the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities and the importance of robust funding for the work of those agencies. There is no more efficient dollar spent in the entire Federal budg-et. I will say in a minute what I mean by that. I am very happy to be co-chairman, with Mr. L
ANCE , of the Congressional Humanities Caucus, to be a member of the Congressional Arts Caucus, which Ms. S
LAUGHTER and others have led, and proud to support the missions of these two agencies. Federal support for the arts and the humanities affirms America’s rich and diverse cultural and artistic heritage. It really is an investment in the qual-ity of life of our people. I think we should see it that way, and we need to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.127 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7146 September 7, 2017 
be steadfast in our support and our in-vestment. It is one of the most effi-cient we make, as I said. It leverages private, nonprofit, and corporate dol-lars. In 2015 alone, for example, Federal NEH museum grants leveraged $104 million in outside funding from only $33 million in Federal funds. That is a pretty good return for the taxpayer. They support millions of jobs, these endowments do, and the projects they fund, hundreds of millions of dollars in direct economic activity, and the American public loves them. Participa-tion all over this country, in commu-nities large and small, rural and urban, is widespread and enthusiastic. So again, I thank the chairman for his attention to these important lines in the budget. I hope we can bolster our commitment to the arts and human-ities and do even better as the appro-priations process moves forward. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I want to also commend the chairman and working with the whole committee to make sure that the arts and human-ities receive the funding that they did. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. I want to quick-ly thank the gentlewoman from the great State of Minnesota, thank the gentleman from California, and just very quickly say that I come with my amendments, but I also come just to acknowledge the pending storm in Florida and Hurricane Harvey because our arts communities were underwater, and they are still underwater. I offered amendments that deal with preservation of heritage areas, urban reforestation, and the Smithsonian outreach. I thank my colleagues for putting it in the en bloc. But as I do so, I want to take note of, again, all of the debris and be able to say that, in the course of hurricanes, historic entities are impacted. We are looking to establish an eman-cipation trail, and one of my most im-portant amendments is to ensure that there is national policy to preserve, for public use, historic sites, buildings, and objects of national significance for the inspiration and benefit of people of the United States. My community is looking for that emancipation trail, but it starts from Galveston. We have not yet been able to assess whether any of those historic markers and places were destroyed by Hurricane Harvey. So the funding for the Interior Department and the as-pects that come under the Interior De-partment, the jurisdictional issue is very important to us because we will have to look to see if our historic enti-ties have been preserved. In the midst of debris and danger that our constituents face, this is equally important, and it is equally important to restore the symphony, to restore the ballet and our theater, all of them underwater in my congres-sional district. I hope, as we move forward, H.R. 3686, Hurricane Harvey supplemental appro-priation that we have filed that will embrace all of these issues, will be con-sidered. I thank my colleagues for those amendments. And, again, in the course of a storm, the history of people is jeopardized, and my amendments deal with preserving the history of our peo-ple. Maybe, as we come out of this, we will create the emancipation trail that is part of my amendment. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 27 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 64, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 64, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 67, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. Page 73, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, be-fore I actually get to my amendment, I just want to say in reference to the previous discussion about properly funding the National Endowment for the Arts and Humanities, I commend the discussion on both sides and the commitment to properly fund those programs. The National Endowment for the Arts and National Endowment for the Humanities holds a special place in Rhode Island in that both of those pro-grams were championed by and helped to have been created by our late senior Senator Claiborne Pell. We understand the importance of the arts and human-ities in Rhode Island, the jobs they cre-ate, the quality of life they enhance, and I wholeheartedly support properly funding both of those programs. I had led a Special Order when the President’s budget came out and those programs had been zeroed out in fund-ing. Several of my colleagues and I got together and talked about the impact the arts and humanities have on our States, on our districts, and on the country as a whole. I just want to reit-erate my support for the National En-dowment for the Arts and Humanities and all they do for the country. Mr. Chairman, my amendment that we have before us would restore some funding to the southern New England estuaries program, which is currently zeroed out in the underlying bill. This program, part of the EPA’s geo-graphic programs, has been a thriving success, and anyone who has been to New England knows the beauty of where the ocean meets the land. Our estuaries are in South County, Rhode Island, and all along the Narragansett Bay; along Mount Hope Bay and Buz-zards Bay and throughout Cape Cod. These areas are the lungs of our coastal areas and sustain the diversity of plant and animal life. These funds are vital to conserving this wetland habitat which is frequently under at-tack by human and natural damage. So I implore the majority to support this program, as they have supported simi-lar programs for Puget Sound, the Chesapeake Bay, and other areas. I am proud to be joined by Represent-atives CICILLINE , KEATING , and K EN-
NEDY as cosponsors of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, finally, I just want to say that I intend to offer and withdraw this amendment provided that my col-league, Chairman C
ALVERT , is open to continuing the discussion on the im-portance of this program. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. While the amend-ment itself is drafted in order as a gen-eral increase to EPA geographic pro-grams, the gentleman proposes to fund a program that was not requested in the budget and is not authorized. Further, he proposes to reduce grants from DERA, the DERA program, which is a key program for improving air quality in areas like mine that are in a nonattainment area with existing standards. For those reasons, I oppose the amendment and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, as I said, I have offered to withdraw the amendment as long as the chairman would continue discussion with me. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I am sorry. I didn’t hear the gentleman, and I hap-pily accept his offer to withdraw the amendment. I will happily work with him to see if we can’t work some time in the future to find room for this pro-gram that the gentleman is obviously supportive of. Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the chair-man, and I am grateful for his consid-eration, and I look forward to working with him. I yield back the balance of my time and withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. K
ATKO ) assumed the chair. 
f 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A further message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, an-nounced that the Senate has agreed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.130 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7147 September 7, 2017 
without amendment a concurrent reso-lution of the House of the following title: 
H. Con. Res. 69. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 597. An act to increase Federal Pell Grants for the children of fallen public safe-ty officers, and for other purposes. S. 1165. An act to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center. 
The message also announced that the Senate has agreed to a concurrent reso-lution of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is re-quested: 
S. Con. Res. 24. Concurrent resolution pro-viding for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 601. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
b1845 DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . BIGGS  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. T IPTON ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 29 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 64, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $10,234,000)’’. Page 141, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,234,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, earlier this year President Donald Trump submitted his budget request for fiscal year 2018 to Congress. The budget request included a 20 percent reduction in funding for the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s Office of Enforcement and Compli-ance Assurance to $419 million, $129 million below the fiscal year 2017 level. The underlying bill cuts roughly 15 percent of the EPA’s enforcement budget, and my amendment would get us closer to meeting the President’s re-quest by cutting an additional $10,234,000 from the EPA’s programs and management account enforcement line item. Reducing the EPA’s enforcement budget will help rein in inappropriate bureaucratic actions. It is necessary to revive the American economy and re-store regulatory sanity to environ-mental regulations. Make no mistake, Mr. Chairman, the American people cannot afford to con-tinue to be burdened by an out-of-con-trol EPA that overregulates and pro-mulgates rules and then punishes the American by adjudicating unconstitu-tional penalties. Mr. Chairman, I urge all Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I can’t support an amendment taking money from an underfunded agency, reducing our bottom line, when it is already $824 million below the FY17 enacted level. Let me give you two examples of why I think the gentleman’s amendment should not be supported. One is I have been talking to EPA of-ficials because we have a surprise toxic dump site that is as close to a residen-tial area as I am from the Chairman. Barrels. The owner just walked away. Too much for the city of St. Paul to handle. Too toxic. Too dangerous. The State of Minnesota, the Min-nesota Pollution Control Agency, had to call in the EPA for help. It is cost-ing us as taxpayers millions of dollars to clean that up because the businessowner just walked away. Noth-ing that the EPA can do but clean it up, and clean it up they are, and the neighbors are ecstatic that the Federal Government is there to help them. The EPA, by taking more money away from it and putting it in the spending reduction account at a time when I know that the EPA regions all across this country are sending men and women down to help cities and counties and communities out with the disaster that Harvey has created, this is all money that is being spent right now in an agency that is $824 million below 2017. I think it is important that we pro-tect the air that we breathe and the water that we drink, and the con-sequences of further cuts to the EPA, I believe, will be felt in communities like mine, like Houston, like maybe what we will be hearing in Florida—we haven’t had the assessment yet in the Virgin Islands—all across this Nation. That, to me, is just irresponsible. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I won’t take the 2 minutes. I just want to let the gentleman know I am prepared to accept the amendment, and I encour-age adoption of the amendment. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona has 33⁄4minutes remain-ing. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The EPA has no statutory duty to pursue or enforce regulation. My home State of Arizona, along with the States west of the Mississippi, are those who are most affected by the heavy hand of the enforcement arm of the EPA. In my community, dust is the num-ber one particulate. The EPA’s re-sponse is to come to us in a desert and say: ‘‘Water it down. Water it down.’’ Then they come after us because of misuse of water. This is the inconsistency that we see in the EPA that is weighing down the economy of many of the areas within the West. The more I meet with local and na-tional natural resource leaders, their number one concern mostly deals with the EPA’s burdensome regulations and its enforcement proceedings. Further reducing the EPA’s enforcement budg-et will limit its ability to stifle the economy and enforce unconstitutional rules. I also want to emphasize the need to restore fiscal sanity in our country. With the ever-growing national debt, my amendment will return $10 million back to the United States Treasury. I thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) for partnering with me on this effort, and to all Members who support our effort to restore fiscal and regulatory sanity in our country. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, as I said earlier, this account has already been cut by $240 million below the 2017 en-acted level, another $108 million to-night on the floor, but at least those dollars were going back into some-thing, in my opinion, meaningful. This is just taking money away from the EPA, which is underfunded, which is undersourced, and being asked to do more for less at a time when, as I pointed out, we don’t even know until there is an opportunity for the waters to subside what we are going to find at the Superfund sites from Harvey. Mr. Chair, I oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . KATKO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 30 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.056 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7148 September 7, 2017 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 64, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $250,000,000)’’. Page 67, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $250,000,000)’’. Page 67, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $250,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment, which re-stores critical water infrastructure funding to the Clean Water State Re-volving Fund. Across our country, communities are faced with aging water infrastructure, which poses a growing threat to exist-ing levels of service, public health, and our environment. The State Revolving Funds are a proven critical tool for States and local communities to make high pri-ority water infrastructure investments that otherwise may not be feasible. Earlier this year, Onondaga County in my district leveraged over $20 mil-lion in funding through the State Re-volving Funds to upgrade the Syra-cuse-Metro sewage treatment plant to continue to improve the water quality of Onondaga Lake, which has made a remarkable recovery. While I commend the Chairman for his work on this legislation, with the EPA estimating our national 20-year capital improvement need to be over $650 billion for drinking water and waste infrastructure combined, now is not the time to roll back this Federal funding. The $250 million cut to this fund in-cluded in the bill would prove harmful to communities in my district and throughout our entire Nation. I was heartened to see that the Presi-dent’s statement yesterday opposed this $250 million cut and reaffirmed the administration’s support of pivotal water infrastructure funding. This is a bipartisan issue that im-pacts nearly every congressional dis-trict. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment to ensure our communities can continue to invest in critical water infrastructure projects that support their economies and a safe and healthy environment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, while there is nothing more I would like to do, I think any of us would all like to do, than to provide more resources for the clean water SRF, it can’t be done by reducing the EPA’s environmental programs in management. This administration has clearly shown that they do not regard the EPA’s work as a priority, which means that they have a blatant disregard for public health and the health of our en-vironment. The EPM account includes funding for programs like brownfields enforce-ment, environmental justice, geo-graphic programs, and lot of other crit-ical programs, some of which I gave ex-amples of this evening, which would suffer with a $250 million reduction. This amendment illustrates, because I agree with the gentleman, I wish we had more money to put in that ac-count, what happens when we don’t have adequate 302(b) allocations. To overuse a common phrase, we are rob-bing Peter to pay Paul, and it is not making us whole. So it is with great reluctance that I oppose this amend-ment, but oppose it I must because the cuts that have already been made this evening to the brownfields enforce-ment, the environmental justice pro-grams, and a myriad of other programs which are critical to the health and well-being of our communities, and they are out there working every day on it, is something I can just not sup-port. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I support the gentleman’s amendment because water infrastructure remains a top pri-ority of this committee. I urge adop-tion of the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Chair, in response to my colleagues from the Democratic side of the aisle, it is clear, as I stated previously, that the President has sig-naled not only that he supports the plussing up of the money as I propose in this amendment, that he supports plus-ing up a much larger amount the Clean Water State Revolving Funds as part of an overall infrastructure plan. To say otherwise is simply untrue. This President wants everyone in the United States to have clean drinking water. He supports this program, and for someone to say otherwise, it is just not true. She also stated that robbing Peter to pay Paul is something that may be going on here. We are talking about clean drinking water, $250 million of clean drinking water, that would come out of the general fund. I would much rather see a little discomfort from bu-reaucrats in Washington, D.C., than to see people not have clean drinking water nationwide. I want to reiterate the importance of supporting the effective State Revolv-ing Fund program. It has done a great job nationwide, and we need in these tough fiscal times to find ways to make these things work. This is a way to do it. Take away from the general fund, take away from instances in which bureaucrats may not be able to rent the car of their choice or have the pencils that they choose or an up-graded computer. I would much rather have that than to have dirty drinking water for our constituents nationwide. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, the very employees that the gentleman was talking about that get in a car, they drive to check out the sewer waste plants to make sure that they are oper-ating. They are making sure that the water is clean. They are doing their job. Tonight we have cut this account al-ready by 16 percent. That means we are cutting programs. We have cut brownfields enforcement, environ-mental justice, geographic programs, programs that support the very ac-count you and I would like to see more money go into. I just urge my col-leagues not to support this amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ). The amendment was agreed to. b1900 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
LUJA´N OF NEW MEXICO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 31 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 67, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $6,000,000) (reduced by $6,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chair, a little more than 2 years ago, an Environmental Protection Agency team was investigating a con-tamination at the Gold King Mine that caused a spill of 3 million gallons of wastewater, impacting New Mexico, Colorado, Utah, Arizona, the Southern Ute Reservation, and the Navajo Na-tion. I was in Farmington, New Mexico, in the Four Corners area when the toxic plume turned the Animas River yellow. I met with the community and heard their concerns about the toll that the spill was taking on businesses, farmers, families, and individuals. I attended different community meetings, not only in southern Colorado, but in that northwestern part of New Mexico. Despite repeated promises by the EPA that it would fully address this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.137 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7149 September 7, 2017 
environmental disaster, progress has too often been needlessly slow. For ex-ample, in January of this year, the EPA and the Department of Justice an-nounced a deeply disappointing deci-sion that the EPA was not liable under the Federal Tort Claims Act for dam-ages caused by the Gold King Mine spill. And while I appreciate Administrator Pruitt’s recent announcement that the EPA was reconsidering this misguided position, I believe that the EPA and the Congress should act to ensure that every impacted individual and commu-nity—especially New Mexicans and the Navajo Nation—receive the compensa-tion they deserve. The State of New Mexico and the Navajo Nation should not have to sue the Federal Government to ensure that the government meets its moral obli-gation to the farmers, small business owners, and others injured by this spill. This amendment, however, is about the long-term impact the spill will have on the river and all that that it sustains, from drinking water to pro-viding water for farming and livestock. Robust long-term water quality moni-toring is essential to ensuring that communities along the Animas River have the data they need to protect the health of all of those who rely on this water, and the State of New Mexico has developed a robust and independent monitoring plan that deserves the EPA’s support. That is why I am again offering an amendment to provide $6 million to di-rect the EPA to work with the affected States and Indian Tribes to support long-term monitoring programs for water quality on the Animas and San Juan Rivers in response to the Gold King Mine spill. The same amendment was accepted by the House last year on a bipartisan basis. I thank both the chairman and the ranking member for their work on this issue, and because monitoring now and well into the future is necessary to protect the health of all those who rely on this water, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment, reluc-tant opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I think it is important that EPA right the wrong that was caused by the Gold King Mine spill and ensure that the affected States, and the Tribal areas, have the resources they need following the spill. The FY17 bill included $4 million to work with the States and Tribes on an independent water monitoring plan as authorized by the WIIN Act. Therefore, the proposed level in this amendment would exceed the authorized level. And for that reason, I must oppose the gen-tleman’s amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman very much for his comments and look for-ward to working with him on this issue. We arrived at $6 million for water monitoring after consulting with the State of New Mexico, and, in fact, it is my understanding that New Mexico has about $15 million in priority needs re-lated to the Gold King Mine spill, in-cluding $6 million specifically for mon-itoring. And so we checked with the State be-fore we came down this evening to de-bate this amendment, and what the State of New Mexico shared with me, they report that they have only re-ceived $577,193 in Federal funding to support monitoring, which is less than 10 percent of what my home State be-lieves is needed. In addition, the Navajo Nation and other impacted communities still need support from the Federal Government to help recover from this disaster. So, again, I look forward to working with both the chairman and with the rank-ing member to ensure that all of the communities impacted by this spill are made whole, and that we provide ap-propriate support to vital water and monitoring efforts in New Mexico, Col-orado, Arizona, Utah, the Southern Ute Tribe, and the Navajo Nation. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAY L
UJA´N). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico will be postponed. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 32 printed in House Report 115–297. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 36 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 134, strike lines 17 through 25. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment seeks to preserve our cur-rent Clean Water Act protections for our rivers, streams, and wetlands. Our Nation’s river systems and wetlands provide values that no other ecosystem can. These include: natural water qual-ity improvement, flood protection, shoreline erosion control, recreation, general aesthetic appreciation, and natural products for our use at no cost. Yet section 430 of this bill seeks to undermine the critical balance between protecting these waters and the day-to- day operations of our Nation’s farmers, ranchers, and foresters. Under current law, farmers, ranchers, and foresters can carry out their normal operations in any waterbody without securing a Clean Water Act permit. So what this means is farmers can continue to plow their fields, including potential wet areas that have been farmed for decades, plant their seeds, harvest their crops, without ever hav-ing to obtain approval under the Clean Water Act. Any normal farming, ranching, and forestry exemption is going to include minor limitations. For example, a farmer cannot use the current exemp-tion to convert his farmland to a resi-dential development without obtaining a permit. And a rancher can’t use the exemption to plow under a wetland to expand his reach of grazing lands. And forestry operations cannot use this ex-emption to change the course of a local stream to improve drainage on their growing lands. In short, the way the Clean Water Act currently operates is to allow nor-mal ranching, farming, forestry oper-ations to continue without a permit, unless the activities either change or convert the use of the waterbody to a new purpose, or impair the historic flow or reach of a stream or wetland. So if the planned activity triggers any of these limitations, the current law requires the activity to obtain a permit. That is perfectly reasonable. But section 430 of this bill would, in es-sence, provide an absolute clean water exemption for impacts to any streams or wetlands that happen to be on agri-culture, ranching, or forestry lands, re-gardless if they have any relation to these activities. Mr. Chairman, this is a fundamental change to the Clean Water Act, and one where the impacts have never been ex-plored. When the EPA was asked what the impact of this amendment would be, here was their response: This amendment would be a significant de-parture from almost 40 years of implementa-tion of the Clean Water Act by eliminating the existing provision requiring that the ex-emptions apply only to normal, as in estab-lished or ongoing, farming practices. 
This change could result in the loss or impairment of thousands of acres of valuable wetlands and other waters where land is converted to agriculture. Mr. Chairman, we should not be using an appropriations bill to change Federal policy related to the protec-tion of our Nation’s rivers and streams. To the best of my knowledge, no hear-ings or investigations on the impacts of this provision have been held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.141 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7150 September 7, 2017 
If this Congress is interested in over-turning almost 40 years of Clean Water Act precedent, regular order would re-quire hearings before the House Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure, which has sole jurisdiction over the Clean Water Act, and approval by that committee before consider-ation on the floor. This rider is bad policy for the pro-tection of our environment, for the protection of human health, and bad policy for the protection of our public safety. Mr. Chair, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. In 1977, Congress made a deliberate policy choice to ex-empt ordinary farming, silviculture, ranching, mining, related activities, from the requirements to obtain Clean Water Act permits when undertaken as normal activities: prepare and main-tain land, roads, ponds, and ditches. Unfortunately, we heard concern for several years that, under the Obama administration, the EPA and the Corps of Engineers changed implementation of these provisions to significantly re-duce the application of the statutory exemptions. Section 430 of the bill makes clear that Congress has always intended that statutory exemptions are to have meaning, that the agencies cannot sim-ply ignore the will of Congress as set out by law. For these reasons and a number of others, I oppose the amendment and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the perspective of the chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on this. I think our clear understanding is that the exemptions, as currently written, allow for all normal farming, ranching, forestry activities, and that the permit would only be required when there is a substantial difference from the activ-ity as it has gone on before, and that this is the way the law has been inter-preted and enforced for the last 40 years. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I urge a strong ‘‘no,’’ and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 37 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 135, strike lines 1 through 23. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would strike section 431. Section 431 does two things. First, it withdraws the Clean Water Rule. Sec-ond, and more importantly, it breaks procedure and creates a loophole so that the removal of the Clean Water Rule does not have to abide by the Ad-ministrative Procedure Act. In essence, we are creating a loophole to eliminate a rule, a rule requested by the Supreme Court and one that took several years to put together. This elimination without allowing tweaks, thoughtful removal, or comment is a radical and dangerous precedent. In fact, 80 Members of Congress and I actually asked for an extension of the 30-day comment period to eliminate the Clean Water Rule to allow the American people to have a say. The Trump administration agreed with us and extended the comment period an additional 30 days. I don’t get to say that too often. So clearly, there is a desire for a comment period, as evidenced by our letter and the administration’s deci-sion to appropriately extend the com-ment period, but the language in this bill would eliminate that process com-pletely. I include in the R
ECORD the request for extension. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, June 29, 2017. Re Request for Extension of Comment Period on EPA and Corps Proposed Rule Defin-ing Waters of the United States under the Clean Water Act. Administrator S
COTT PRUITT , Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Washington, DC. Attention: Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OW-2017- 0203 D
EARADMINISTRATOR PRUITT : We request a minimum 90 day extension to the proposed 30-day comment period to rescind the 2015 Clean Water Rule, 80 Fed. Reg. 37054 (Jun. 29, 2015). The Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) fi-nalized the Clean Water Rule to clarify the scope of waters protected under the Clean Water Act. The EPA and the Corps solicited comments on the Rule for over 200 days. In accordance with Administrative Procedure Act, the agencies first established a public comment period for 90 days and extended the comment period twice in response to exten-sion requests. The final rule reflected over 1 million public comments on the proposal, the substantial majority of which supported the Clean Water Rule. The agencies also initiated an extensive public outreach effort, including over 400 meetings across the nation with various stakeholders, including but not limited to: states, small businesses, farmers, academics, miners, energy companies, counties, munici-palities, environmental organizations, and other federal agencies. The agencies incor-porated these comments into the final Clean Water Rule. President Trump’s Executive Order 13778 directs EPA and the Corps to evaluate whether to revise or rescind the Clean Water Rule, ‘‘as appropriate and consistent with law.’’ We ask that as you examine the Clean Water Rule, like the prior administration, you engage in a thoughtful and comprehen-sive process bound in scientific fact. Americans depend on clean water for their health and livelihood. More than 117 million Americans rely upon drinking water from public water systems that draw supply from headwater, seasonal, or rain-dependent streams that were vulnerable to pollution before the Clean Water Rule. As such, the de-cision to roll back the Clean Water Rule can-not be made in haste. We are concerned that the EPA has pro-vided limited time and opportunity for stakeholder involvement and official public comment. Any proposed rulemaking must in-clude sufficient time and participation to gather input from concerned and affected parties, including those whose legal rights and responsibilities will be affected by this effort. For example, the 2015 Clean Water Rule provided legal certainty that regu-latory-defined water features, such as stormwater control features, wastewater re-cycling structures, and puddles, are not cov-ered by the Clean Water Act. However, that certainty would be eliminated if the 2015 Clean Water Rule were rescinded. Given the history of engagement on this issue and the fact that parties may be sub-ject to greater regulatory uncertainty by this effort, a comment period of 30 days does not allow for meaningful engagement from the public and stakeholders. The Clean Water Rule is robust and en-sures that water sources are protected by taking into account the connected systems of water, from wetlands and seasonal bodies of water to large rivers and lakes. The re-quirements of the Rule were meticulously developed and addressed longstanding uncer-tainty, improving our national commitment to protect not only America’s water, but the American people. If the Clean Water Rule is revised or rescinded, the process must be comprehensive and deliberative. We ask that you take into consideration the opinions of the American public by ex-tending the comment period, allowing for re-spectful debate. We look forward to hearing from you. Sincerely, Donald S. Beyer Jr., Brenda L. Lawrence, Gerald E. Connoll, Grace F. Napolitano, Mat-thew A. Cartwright, Barbara Lee, Keith Elli-son, Jared Polis, Paul D. Tonko, Niki Tson-gas, Jackie Speier, Carol Shea-Porter, Debbie Dingell, Gwen Moore, Katherine Clark, Mike Quigley, Rau´l M. Grijalva, Earl Blumenauer, Zoe Lofgren, Donald M. Payne, Jr., Anthony G. Brown, James P. McGovern, David E. Price, Alan Lowenthal, Madeleine Z. Bordallo, Daniel W. Lipinski, Cedric L. Richmond, Louise M. Slaughter, Colleen Hanabusa, Bonnie Watson Coleman, Carolyn B. Maloney, Jared Huffman, Jerry McNer-ney, Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan, Naette Diaz Barraga´n, Bill Foster, Jamie Raskin, Betty McCollum, John Sabanes. Jerrold Nalder, Suzanne Bonamici, Steve Cohen, Marcia L. Fudge, Beto O’Rourke, Grace Meng, Mark Pocan, Anna G. Eshoo, Ted W. Lieu, John Yarmuth, Alma Adams, Alcee L. Hastings, Adam Smith, A. Donald McEachin, Tony Ca´rdenas, Dwight Evans, Brendan F. Boyle, James R. Langevin, Salud O. Carbajal, Joseph P. Kennedy, III, Judy Chu, Eliot L. Engel, Jan Schakowsky, Rich-ard E. Neal, Pramila Jayapal, Lisa Blunt Rochester, Yvette D. Clarke, Jose ´E. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.143 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7151 September 7, 2017 
Serrano, Daniel T. Kildee, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, William R. Keating, Stephen F. Lynch, Doris Matsui, Richard M. Nolan, Elizabeth H. Esty, Pete Aguilar, Adam B. Schiff, Marcy Kaptur, J. Luis Correa, Scott Peters. 
Mr. BEYER. So is this our new status quo, that once an industry decides it doesn’t like how a regulation turns out, we eliminate that regulation with-out comment or consideration for the various stakeholders or its value. We are eliminating the process here that we, Congress, put in place to en-sure that those regulations were being considered, adjusted, or even removed, that they were done thoughtfully and while keeping stakeholders, like the American people, in mind. It could be any rule, but the rule at stake this time is the Clean Water Rule. Over 100 Members of Congress joined me to reinforce the value of the Clean Water Rule, because without it, the streams that help supply public drinking water serving one in three Americans will be at risk. Rolling back the Clean Water Rule cannot be made in haste and without stakeholder input. Clarity was needed in light of the Supreme Court rulings in 2001 and 2006 about uncertainty of the scope of the waters protected under the act. The EPA and the Corps held a lengthy and inclusive public rule-making process, 200 days of public com-ment, 400 meetings across the Nation, and the rule reflected over 1 million public comments on the proposal, the substantial majority of which sup-ported the Clean Water Rule. So we are overruling, essentially, 1 million comments and 400 meetings to do this without the appropriate admin-istrative process. So if it is withdrawn, I simply ask that the process be comprehensive and deliberative, and the bill does not allow for that. With this rule at stake, this time it is the Clean Water Rule, but it could be any rule going forward. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD a letter from Members of Congress to Ad-ministrator Scott Pruitt opposing the proposed rule to rescind the Clean Water Rule. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, August 18, 2017. Hon. S
COTT PRUITT , Administrator, Environmental Protection Agen-cy, Washington, DC. D
EARADMINISTRATOR PRUITT : We write in opposition to the proposed rule rescinding the Clean Water Rule (Docket No.EPA–HQ– OW–2017–0203), also called the Waters of the United States (WOTUS) rule. Americans need an Environmental Protection Agency that will use the best possible science to pro-tect our health and this nation’s natural her-itage. This rule to rescind WOTUS and re-ports of plans to reduce protections under the Clean Water Act are deeply concerning. Rather than protecting Americans, these ac-tions ignore science and undermine our clean drinking water, our public health and our outdoor recreation economy. The Clean Water Rule finalized by the Obama Administration protects the drinking water of roughly one-third of Americans. 117 million people rely on drinking water sources fed by headwater, intermittent or ephemeral streams—waterways protected under the Clean Water Rule. Rescinding this rule puts Americans’ health at risk by en-dangering their drinking water. Eliminating this rule also threatens our safe access to the great outdoors and the outdoor recreation economy, which gen-erates $887 billion in consumer spending an-nually and supports 7.6 million American jobs. Pollution in unprotected streams and wetlands can threaten the health of the lakes and rivers that our constituents use for swimming, boating and other recreation. Wetlands protected under the Clean Water Rule provide some of the country’s best habi-tat for hunters and anglers. As EPA Admin-istrator, it is imperative to protect the water bodies that our constituents use for recreation, both to protect public health and the millions of jobs these places have helped create. Rescinding this clean water safeguard ig-nores science. Years of research and peer-re-viewed science have told us that intermit-tent and ephemeral streams and wetlands provide critical services, from filtering our drinking water to protecting communities from flood and drought. They also connect directly to major waterways, which means they can pose a danger to drinking water and recreation if polluted or degraded. The science is clear—what we do to these water bodies impacts large, continuous water sources. Americans agree that we should protect these waterways. The previous Administra-tion crafted the Clean Water Rule using the comments of over one million Americans, the vast majority of which were in support of the rule. Some opponents have used scare tactics to confuse the public by stating that there are new requirements for agriculture and that the rule covers new types of waters. This is not the case. In reality, the rule pro-vides certainty over streams and wetlands that have historically been covered by the Clean Water Act while preserving agricul-tural and other common sense exemptions, including for things like drainage ditches and stock watering ponds on dry land. The Clean Water Rule is a science-based rule that keeps our communities safe and our natural resources protected—exactly what Congress intended the Clean Water Act to do. We would be willing to work with an Administration that wants to develop thoughtful changes that maintain protec-tions for this life-sustaining resource, but this repeal is reckless. In rescinding this rule, the Agency is risking the health and safety of the American people and our nat-ural resources. We urge you to reconsider this rescission and instead focus on fairly and fully enforcing the Clean Water Act. Sincerely, Donald S. Beyer, Jr.; Doris Matsui; Ger-ald E. Connolly; Jared Polis; Marcy Kaptur; Paul Tonko; Alan Lowenthal; Matt Cartwright; Mike Quigley; Grace F. Napolitano. Jared Huffman; Barbara Lee; Eleanor Holmes Norton; Andre´Carson; Jerrold Nadler; Dwight Evans; Donald M. Payne, Jr.; Nike Tsongas; Peter A. DeFazio; Debbie Dingell; Brenda L. Lawrence; Adam Smith; Gregorio Kilili Cama´cho Sablan; Keith Ellison; Ste-phen F. Lynch; Sander M. Levin. Seth Moulton; Nanette Diaz Barraga ´n; Anthony Brown; A. Donald McEachin; William R. Keating; Sheila Jackson Lee; Elijah E. Cummings; Gwen Moore; Bill Foster; Jamie Raskin; Madeleine Z. Bordallo; Earl Blumenauer; James P. McGovern; Janice D. Schakowsky; John Conyers, Jr.; Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Louise M. Slaughter; Rau´l M. Grijalva; Carol Shea-Porter; David N. Cicilline; Mike Doyle; Bonnie Watson Coleman; Nydia M. Vela´zquez; Mark DeSaulnier; Hakeem Jeffries; Mark Pocan; Michael E. Capuano; John K. Delaney; Kath-erine Clark; Joseph P. Kennedy, III; Anna G. Eshoo; Frank Pallone, Jr. John Yarmuch; Donald Norcross; Betty McCollum; Chellie Pingree; Ruben J. Kihuen; Grace Meng; Diana DeGette; Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson, Jr.; Alma S. Adams, Phd.; Mike Thompson; Zoe Lof-gren; Lucille Roybal-Allard; Jackie Speier; Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott; Dan-iel T. Kildee; Luis V. Gutierrez. Rick Nolan; John Sarbanes; Suzanne Bonamici; Daniel W. Lipinski; Eliza-beth H. Esty; Marcia L. Fudge; Albio Sires; Jimmy Gomez; Steve Cohen; David E. Price; Judy Chu; Jim Lan-gevin; Linda Sanchez; Robert A. Brady; Jose´E. Serrano; Salud O. Carbajal. Brendan F. Boyle; Bill Pascrell, Jr.; Darren Soto; Pramila Jayapal; Brad Sherman; Josh Gottheimer; Tony Ca´rdenas; Richard E. Neal; Jerry McNerney; Adam B. Schiff; Stephanie Murphy; Ted W. Lieu. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Since day one, every-thing about EPA’s waters of the U.S. rule has been flawed. The Obama ad-ministration claimed that it was not expanding the waters under their juris-diction, but we know that more per-mits will be required. b1915 The Obama administration claimed that the rule was based on sound science but only released to science after publishing the rule. The previous administration changed the name to call this the clean water rule and took to social media to lobby the public, which led to questions about whether the EPA violated law, which the GAO later confirmed. It was clear the previous administra-tion had an agenda to implement a rule, and they weren’t going to be told otherwise. Thankfully, the Sixth Cir-cuit Court put a stay on that rule. The language of the FY18 bill author-izes the withdrawal of the Waters of the U.S. rule and seeks to bring resolu-tion to the issue. The language in this bill is consistent with the steps the new administration has already taken. For that and many other reasons, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Min-nesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support this amendment. The rider that we are talking about here gives an unprecedented amount of power to the EPA. It puts the agency above the law, letting it get away with no public comment on its proposals, no 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:46 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.085 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7152 September 7, 2017 
economic analysis on the cost and ben-efit of repeal, no justification for re-peal, and not having to defend repeal against court challenges. As the Congressman pointed out, for some, this rider might serve a purpose this time. But what about in the fu-ture? What do we really want to say? That it is okay for the executive branch to circumvent laws we create and that there is no accountability in our courts? This rider removes the checks and balances that are essential to a func-tioning democracy, so I support the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 38 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 136, strike line 1 and all that follows through page 137, line 7. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, all Americans deserve access to clean air. We have a great deal of progress that we have made in making the air clean-er and reducing pollution, but we should continue to learn from the most recent science to continue to improve air quality. Instead, this bill delays needed public health protections like the ozone standard. My amendment would strike lan-guage that delays the implementation of the new ozone standards until the year 2026. We don’t have until 2026 to protect our children’s lungs. We don’t have until that time to protect our seniors who are most subject and vul-nerable to respiratory harm. The consequences of this pollution are real and significant, especially for ozone pollutants. Chronic exposure to ozone at the ground level is dangerous. It increases the risk of hospital admis-sions. In my district in Minnesota, we have a real epidemic of respiratory in-juries known as asthma. North Min-neapolis is mostly a low-income com-munity of color and has the highest rates of poverty, unemployment, and asthma. Our children deserve better. Allowing the implementation of these ozone standards will protect them. I just want to say, Mr. Chairman, much is said on this House floor about job-killing regulations. As a person who believes in the right of a business to open up and make a profit, I also be-lieve that business must absorb the cost that they impose on society as well. This rule says you can take all the money you can possibly make as you expand and increase ground level ozone, but you don’t ever have to pay the costs of the externalities and the health costs you impose on everybody else. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, where I come from, Midland Empire, which is where I have lived my whole life, is part of the South Coast Air Quality Basin, which has been a nonattainment ozone area for about as long as the Federal standard for ozone has existed. But it is not for a lack of trying, as the south coast has a long history—actu-ally the longest history—of imple-menting some of the most stringent Air Pollution Control measures in the entire United States. We have done about all we can to re-duce emissions from stationary sources. Our issue is the amount of cars and trucks traveling through the region. So you will find no stronger ad-vocate for clean air than myself, which is why this bill funds targeted Air Shed Grant Programs and DERA grants. States and communities need resources to help meet the overlapping 2008 and 2015 air quality standards. To be clear, the language in the bill does not change ozone standards. It gives communities some administra-tive relief to allocate more resources to meeting the 2015 standard of 70 parts per billion. Similar language, by the way, passed the House in July. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment to strike, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, admin-istrative relief sounds like a euphe-mism for ‘‘you guys got to keep breath-ing this bad stuff.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPIN-
SKI). Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I first thank the gentleman for yielding and for his amendment. We all know that ozone is a haz-ardous air pollutant that contributes to health problems such as asthma at-tacks, heart disease, and birth de-fects—problems being made worse by climate change. More than 40 percent of Americans, almost 130 million people, live in coun-ties that receive an F grade for air quality from the American Lung Asso-ciation. This includes my district that I represent in Illinois, as well as Wash-ington, D.C. This amendment would remove a needless delay in the implementation of an ozone rule designed to protect public health. The rule in question in-volves a modest lowering of the ozone limit from 75 to 70 parts per billion, a small change that would yield large health benefits, including preventing 230,000 asthma attacks in children and 188,000 missed school and workdays each year. This decision to lower the ozone limit was the result of a rigorous multiyear process carried out by expert scientists. So I want to urge my colleagues to stand up for the health of our constitu-ents and support this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 11⁄4minutes re-maining. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to share with everybody that over the past several weeks, Americans have seen this body try to strip healthcare away from them. If there was a full repeal with no replace, 32 million people would have been with-out any healthcare that they had be-fore, and many more would have been unprotected from preexisting condi-tions. That, fortunately, was held off. But now here we are again today with more attacks and assaults on people’s health. When will the Congress take people’s health seriously? When will we hold businesses accountable who emit tox-ins that cause the ozone layer at the ground to increase and cause res-piratory illnesses? It is time for Congress to act respon-sibly in the public interest to make sure that the health of all Americans is protected. The people have the right to breathe. Let’s go forward and eliminate and strip out this language that delays the implementation of the new zone standards until many years from now. Let’s do it now. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Again, Mr. Chairman, I would reiterate that California has done more to clean air than virtually any other State in the Union based upon its regulatory structure that we created and I continue to support. But technologies do not exist to meet standards that have been set out by the Obama administration. So this gives us time to do what we need to do, and that is to clean up ozone, and that is exactly what we are going to do. But this is not the amendment that is going to do that. Mr. Chairman, I oppose that amend-ment strongly and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.148 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7153 September 7, 2017 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . 
LOWENTHAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 39 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
In division A, strike section 435 (page 138, beginning on line 3). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, my amendment preserves the National Ocean Policy. The National Ocean Policy is a com-monsense way to facilitate multistake-holder collaboration on complex ocean issues, and it promotes economic op-portunity, national security, and envi-ronmental protection. Mr. Chairman, I represent a coastal district in southern California, and I know firsthand that we can have a thriving ocean economy and, at the same time, protect and conserve our precious ocean resources. Off the coast of my district, there are marine protected areas, State waters, Federal waters, and Department of De-fense installations. We are a marine life hot spot—some of the best blue whale watching happens a few miles from our shore. We have a booming rec-reational fishing sector. We have a large shellfish aquaculture ranch that is now operating. We have beautiful beaches. We also have oil and gas activ-ity with some rigs right near our shores. My district is also home to the Port of Long Beach, which is the sec-ond busiest port in the United States. With so much activity happening, it simply makes sense to have the Navy at the table when NOAA is working on siting for a new aquaculture installa-tion. It makes sense to have the fishery management council weigh in when oil rigs are being decommissioned, and it is a no-brainer that NOAA, the Coast Guard, and the ports all work together to get those massive ships in and out of port safely. We want these collaborations to hap-pen because we want to have a sustain-able ocean economy, and by developing regional plans and having a framework for multistakeholder involvement, we can streamline this process and pro-mote a robust ocean economy that also conserves our precious ocean resources. Mr. Chairman, as we look to the fu-ture, the need for an overarching pol-icy only grows. Issues like sea level rise and ocean acidification are too big and too serious for any one community or agency to tackle alone. Increased aquaculture development and new technologies for clean, local energy are creating economic opportunities but must be thoughtfully implemented. Prohibiting the allocation of funds to this important program would stifle collaboration among all the stake-holders on these complex issues, as I pointed out before, relating to environ-mental protection, national security, economic opportunity, and ocean pol-icy. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I un-derstand the importance of agencies working together to protect our coast-al resources for future generations. We must also ensure that such coordina-tion is done carefully with congres-sional input to ensure that it does not lead to Federal overreach. b1930 When the previous administration created the National Ocean Policy through executive order, the impacts were so broad, so sweeping, that it would have allowed the Federal Gov-ernment to evaluate everything from agricultural practices, mining, energy production, fishing, and anything else with activities impacting our oceans. This subcommittee asked the CEQ, DOI, and EPA on a number of occasions to provide estimates of the impact of the policy on their budgets, but the ad-ministration failed to work with Con-gress and provide such information. How can Congress adequately budget for something without knowing the ex-pected expenditures and implication of the policy? The bottom line is, if the administra-tion wants to fund the National Ocean Policy with such sweeping implica-tions, it must work with Congress to provide relevant information and allow Congress to provide the necessary over-sight to prevent that Federal over-reach. I support the language of the under-lying bill, and I encourage my col-leagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, we just heard a very interesting argument that said that we should not support or fund the National Ocean Policy be-cause, instead of by executive action, it should have been done through con-gressional legislation. But I would remind everyone watch-ing this that, prior to the beginning of the National Ocean Policy by the pre-vious administration, over the 4 years before that, four bills were introduced. Each one—two by a Republican leader, two by Democratic leaders—did what was just asked of us: to introduce it by the Congress. It was never taken up by the Congress in the administration prior to President Obama. What was called the Oceans Con-servation, Education, and National Strategy for the 21st Century Act was never heard. That is why it was done through executive action. That is why we need to continue this. Without hav-ing coordinated ocean policy, we will have tremendous problems as we move forward, as I pointed out, both in terms of economic opportunity, national se-curity, and also environmental protec-tion. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, just because legislation isn’t passed in the House and the Senate and made into law doesn’t mean that the President can then go out and create an execu-tive order. We have a Constitution, and we have a process we must abide by. For that and other reasons, I strongly oppose this amendment, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . LONG  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 40 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. LONG. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency to enforce notifi-cation requirements respecting released sub-stances under subsections (a) through (d) of section 103 of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9603) or subsections (a) through (c) of section 304 of the Emer-gency Planning and Community Right-To- Know Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C. 11004) with re-spect to releases of hazardous substances from animal waste at farms. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
ONG) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. LONG. Mr. Chairman, my amend-ment is very straightforward. It would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.152 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7154 September 7, 2017 
make clear that two laws enacted sev-eral decades ago to manage the aftereffects of industrial toxic waste spills would not apply to everyday emissions that are simply a way of life on family farms. A court decision earlier this year overturned the EPA exemption for ag-riculture from reporting requirements under the Superfund and emergency planning and community right-to- know laws. This court decision means that over 100,000 farmers and ranchers will be forced to report odor emissions from livestock and poultry manure. If farmers and ranchers don’t submit these reports, they face potential law-suits from the government and any cit-izen who wishes to sue them, sub-jecting them to penalties as high as $53,907 per day for not filing paperwork. Farmers will lose time and money that would otherwise be spent growing our Nation’s food supply. Mr. Chairman, I think that it is im-portant that I note that the Obama ad-ministration as well as the Bush ad-ministration defended this exemption. This is not a partisan issue. This is simply a case of reaffirming congres-sional intent under the law, as the EPA already tried to do several years ago. Mr. Chairman, I urge all Members to vote in favor of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would prohibit the EPA from requiring agricultural sources to report air emissions under the Com-prehensive Environmental Response Liability Act. The purpose of this amendment is to circumvent a 2017 court decision that invalidated an EPA rule which exempt-ed agricultural sources from such re-porting. Policy riders like this do not belong in the appropriations bills. The EPA should either accept the court’s deci-sion or they should appeal the decision. At a minimum, something that is this impactive with court policy does not belong as a rider on an appropriations bill. For that reason, I urge my col-leagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LONG. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I am happy to support this amendment. The recent court decision earlier this year overturned, really, a longstanding EPA exemption for reporting from farms. These family farms and ranch-ers across the Nation shouldn’t be bur-dened with just more and more paper-work to do an activity they have been doing for many, many years in this country. It is not what Congress in-tended. Congress, last I looked, still makes the laws around here. I would support the gentleman’s amendment and urge its adoption. Mr. LONG. Mr. Chairman, I say this is a nonpartisan issue, and I would like to point out that the organization, Na-tional Association of SARA Title III Program Officials, back in 2012, in an earlier version of a similar amend-ment, had opposed this. Back on May 28 of this year, they announced that they are no longer in opposition. So I don’t really think it is controversial at all. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I just want to point out that, as a State representative and, even now, as a Member of Congress, I will encounter people—and I was just at our State fair—over the years, people who have built homes in rural areas and are con-tributing to the schools and maybe have a soybean farm or a community that is built up over the years around farms. All of a sudden, a hog farm comes in and people are sick, they are unable to go to work, their children de-velop lung issues and all kinds of prob-lems. They come to the State or they come to us as Members of Congress and say: What is going on here? The air is so polluted, it is making me and my family sick. I am losing my home. I am losing my investment. So I think that there is a role to have these discussions about what do we do, as a community, to make sure about people who live in some of these rural areas who all of a sudden find them-selves, after decades of living in the same area, unable to open up their win-dows on a summer day. As I said, that is why I don’t think this policy rider belongs in this bill. I think we need to have a thoughtful dis-cussion on it and really hear out both sides on many of these agriculture issues, especially in rural commu-nities. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. L
ONG). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 41 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used to enter into a cooperative agreement with or make any grant or loan to an entity to establish in any of Baca, Bent, Crowley, Huerfano, Kiowa, Las Animas, Otero, Prowers, and Pueblo counties, Colorado, a national heritage area, national heritage corridor, national heritage canal way, national heritage tour route, na-tional historic district, cultural heritage corridor, or other heritage partnership pro-gram. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to protect private property rights in Colorado. This amendment would prevent the creation and expansion of a National Heritage Area in southeast Colorado. Heritage Areas open the door to new land use restrictions on privately held land that are strongly opposed in this part of my district. I recently held multiple townhalls in southeast Colorado to hear the unique concerns of these rural communities. At the top of their list was a need to cut burdensome government red tape that hurts their businesses and threat-ens their way of life. These small family farms and ranches should not be forced to follow new regulations that give control of their private lands to Washington, D.C. That is why this amendment is so im-portant. It allows Coloradans to keep control of their land. My amendment would only affect nine counties in Colorado and protect them from new, unwanted land use re-strictions. This amendment passed last year by voice vote, and I urge my col-leagues to again support the private property rights of these farmers and ranchers. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment stops the Department of the Interior from entering into cooper-ative agreements and providing finan-cial assistance for the purpose of pro-tecting natural, cultural, and historic resources in several counties in south-east Colorado. This amendment restricts the expan-sion of Natural Heritage Areas, Nat-ural Heritage Corridors, Natural Herit-age canalways, national heritage tour routes, and national historic districts and cultural heritage corridors. All of these preservation partner-ships are important tools that enable the Federal Government to work with private partners to preserve and pro-tect our Nation’s shared heritage. Un-fortunately, this amendment takes those options off the table for the peo-ple in southeastern Colorado. It is my understanding that the spon-sor aims to preemptively prevent ex-pansion of a Federal footprint in his district, but I would like, Mr. Chair-man, to remind us that the sponsor of the Preserve America Executive Order was issued by President George W. Bush, a Republican, and it emphasizes public-private partnerships that limit, not expand, Federal ownership. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.156 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7155 September 7, 2017 
I have worked on some of these cor-ridors. We always make sure that it is a partnership and it is not the Federal Government coming in and taking over land. It is a partnership that the com-munity comes to the Federal Govern-ment and asks for. So, if there are specific concerns that you have about the Federal manage-ment in this region, I believe the spon-sor should work with the authorizing committee to make sure that they are addressed and not use the appropria-tions process to wall off a section of the country from partnering with the Federal Government to preserve its historical and cultural natural re-sources. These discussions that take place at a local level with sometimes the busi-ness community, sometimes it is schools, sometimes it is churches, that come together to talk about what can we do to preserve our cultural history or what can we do to preserve some-thing is driven by local control. I have never attended a meeting, once, where it was driven by Federal control. The Federal Government has asked to come in to be a partner. I oppose this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
AL-
VERT ), the subcommittee chair. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I was happy to accept the amendment in the last year and will be happy to support it again this year. With that, I urge its passage. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, once again, I really think that we need to better utilize, in this Congress, in this institution, our policy committees. They should be the first call for help if there are questions, if there are con-cerns, if there are adjustments that need to be made, not the appropria-tions committee, where there has been no hearing on this. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, this amendment will protect private prop-erty rights in southeast Colorado. These families have worked for genera-tions to maintain their land. They should not lose their livelihoods be-cause of land use restrictions from Washington, D.C. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 42 printed in House Report 115–297. b1945 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 43 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of division A (before the short title) insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Interior to implement the final rule entitled ‘‘Alaska; Hunting and Trapping in National Preserves’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 64325 (October 23, 2015)), or to develop, issue, or implement any other rule of the same substance. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment that was successfully included in the House fis-cal year 2017, which prohibits funds in this act being used to implement the Obama administration National Park Service rule that interferes with the State’s wildlife management authority on national preserved lands of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, when we became a State, we were guaranteed to have management of all Federal lands and State lands on fish and wildlife man-agement. Under the Obama administra-tion, they tried to do differently on the wildlife lands, and now they are trying to do it on the BLM lands and the park preserves, not the parks themselves. I suggest, respectfully, if you want to follow the law, you adopt this amend-ment, as it should be, as is proposed, and we will be able to manage lands we were guaranteed by this Congress to the State of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amend-ment, which undercuts an important rule meant to protect our public lands and the species that inhabit them. The National Park Service has an important mission, which is ‘‘to con-serve the scenery and the natural and historic objects in the wildlife by such means as will leave them unimpaired for the enjoyment of future genera-tions.’’ As a result of this mission, the Na-tional Park Service has implemented an important rule that protects a vari-ety of species critical to the ecosystem in our national preserves in Alaska. In 1994, Alaska did pass a law that undercut those efforts by allowing for extreme predator control, which led to fringe practices that could hardly be called traditional hunting. Now, the other side may argue that this amendment is a States’ rights issue, but that simply isn’t true. These are Federal lands and are, therefore, subject to Federal regulation. These national lands are intended to be enjoyed by all Americans, including those who visit and hope to have the rare opportunity to see bears and wolves in their natural habitat. Now, to be clear, Mr. Chairman, the rule that this amendment aims to re-verse is not intended to ban hunting in its entirety. The rule simply regulates that there be no use of bait, which has been as extreme as grease-soaked doughnuts and bacon, allowing for point blank shots, no use of artificial light to spotlight black bear dens, no killing sows or bear cubs, no killing pups or wolves and coyotes during the denning season, no hunting of big game that is swimming, no use of dogs to hunt big game, and no predator control simply for the purpose of increasing stocks for human consumption. Now, these are reasonable regula-tions that prevent cruel hunting prac-tices. Let us be very clear, Mr. Chair-man, that reversing this rule would ac-tually be thumbing our noses at the voices of tens of thousands of citizens who took part in a public comment pe-riod process that was extensive. Before the rule’s adoption, the Na-tional Park Service held two separate comment periods which resulted in 26 public hearings, two teleconferences, and three tribal meetings. More than 70,000 public comments were received, and the majority of those supported the existing rule. Ignoring this process and the thoughtful public input would be a major slight to the democratic process and to everyone who partici-pated. These processes are in place to en-sure that the voice of the people is heard, and circumventing this is unac-ceptable. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ), my good chair-man from the Appropriations Com-mittee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I un-derstand the specific rule is now being reconsidered by the Department of In-terior, which is a good thing, and I en-courage my colleagues to support the Young amendment. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. You know, I rarely do this, but I’m deeply dis-appointed in my good lady from Wash-ington. * * * This was a preserve, and we were guaranteed this in the Alaska National Lands Act. No more. No more. And the State, under the Constitution, has the right to manage fish and game. Now, I know your side doesn’t believe in State’s rights. You don’t; I do. My job is to protect my State, not your State—my State. And what you said a while ago was really nonsense. It was written by an interest group, not yourself. Maybe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.158 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7156 September 7, 2017 
your staff is affiliated with the Hu-mane Society or some other group, and I’m disappointed. My Native people support this amendment. You talk about natives. Alaskans, our first Americans, support this amendment. And I really am dis-turbed. * * * I am still talking. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I ask to have the gentleman’s words taken down. The gentleman has already im-pugned my motives by saying that I don’t know a damn thing about what I’m talking about. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. I didn’t say ‘‘damn.’’ You said it. Ms. JAYAPAL. He’s now called me ‘‘young lady,’’ and Mr. Chairman, I de-mand that the words be taken down. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman will suspend. The gentleman will take his seat. The Clerk will report the words. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I ask unanimous consent to with-draw my offending words. And to the gentlewoman, I do apolo-gize. I get very defensive about my State. We have gone through these bat-tles for the last, actually, 45 years, and we are a State. I have my people to represent, as you do yours. I do apolo-gize for my statement. I recognize it was out of order, so I hope you accept my apology. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alaska? Ms. JAYAPAL. Reserving the right to object, I thank the gentleman from Alaska. I do accept your apology. I thank you for it. We have, obviously, some work to get to know each other. But I can tell you that I care about my State, as deeply as you do, and I look forward to getting to know you. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. And I thank the gentlewoman. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the words are stricken from the R
ECORD . There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I urge passage of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, let me continue by saying that the reason I do feel strongly about this is I also believe that this amendment would be bad for the economy and for the people who de-pend on it. Every year, wildlife watchers con-tribute more than $2 billion toward the economy. According to the National Park Service, in 2016, 2.8 million park visitors spent an estimated $2.8 billion in local gateway regions while visiting National Park Service lands in Alaska. These expenditures supported a total of 18,900 jobs, $644.7 million in labor in-come, $1.1 billion in value added, and $1.9 billion in economic output in the Alaska economy. I do believe—and the reason I am speaking up so strongly about this, we all have very strong perspectives on all sides. I do believe that we must do ev-erything we can to preserve our nat-ural lands and their inhabitants, par-ticularly as climate change takes its toll all over the country and the world. In my home State of Washington, which I care deeply about, wildfires are destroying thousands of acres of land and threatening homes, while across the country residences of Houston are reeling from Hurricane Harvey and Floridians brace for Hurricane Irma. We need to invest in our public lands for all Americans so that generations in the future can continue to enjoy the beauty that our country has to offer. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alaska will be postponed. b2000 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 44 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used to require changes to an existing placer mining plan of operations with regard to reclamation ac-tivities, including revegetation, or to modify the bond requirements for the mining oper-ation. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, my amendment, which was suc-cessfully included in the House fiscal year 2007 Interior appropriations bill, prohibits the funds to be used by the Bureau of Land Management to change their existing placer mining plans of operations with regard to environ-mental mitigation in Alaska. Alaska is one of the very few places left in the United States where placer mining is being still conducted. Unfor-tunately, unelected bureaucrats have targeted these small mom-and-pop, usually retired people, family miners from attaining unattainable regula-tions under the falsehood of protecting the environment. Mr. Chairman, this is a sound piece of legislation that should be accepted by this committee and this body to make sure those people elected partici-pate in mining on lands that are old. This is a mining area that has been mining for the last 100 years, yet the BLM has decided they are going to take these little miners and put them out of business. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of my amendment. It is very simple. It pro-tects the smaller people of America. Let them do what they wish to do. Let-ting them have an activity after they retire I think is actually important. As I said before, it was adopted before. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I lis-tened very carefully to what the gen-tleman from Alaska had to say, and the bulk of my objection, Mr. Chair-man, is that this is better addressed in the Policy Committee than on the Ap-propriations Committee as a rider. BLM does many outreach activities, including public meetings and inter-actions with individual miners, and is working with industry to incorporate best management practices in new science-based reclamation techniques. In the course of the reclamation ac-tivities, it has been necessary to in-crease the annual cost to miners to re-cover these streams and restore ecostream function. This amendment would prohibit the cost of reclaiming these areas to placer miners who are profiting from mineral extractions on BLM managed land. I do hear the gentleman talking about not all business is the same shape or size, so I really think that we should work through the Policy Com-mittee. For that reason, I object to this amendment, and I would encour-age the gentleman from Alaska to work through the Policy Committee. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I appreciate the gentleman’s amend-ment and his dedication to the sound management of natural resources on behalf of the constituents in his State. Placer mining is unique to Alaska and has a unique history in place in Alaska’s economy. As such, the BLM proposal for unique reclamation and bonding requirements need to receive additional review. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I, again, urge passage of the amendment, and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.161 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7157 September 7, 2017 
This is a mom-and-pop operation. If I thought it was going to do anything wrong—it has been mined for 100 years. They came in, they had a guy in a wheelchair, and they made him walk to his mine because you couldn’t use a mechanized vehicle. Now, that is not good personnel. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . 
WESTERMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 45 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title) insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Onshore Oil and Gas Oper-ations; Federal and Indian Oil and Gas Leases; Measurement of Oil’’ and published by the Bureau of Land Management on No-vember 17, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 81462). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman C
ALVERT and Chair-man F
RELINGHUYSEN for their hard work on this bill. On November 17, 2016, the Bureau of Land Management released a final rule titled: ‘‘Onshore Oil and Gas Oper-ations; Federal and Indian Oil and Gas Leases; Measurement of Oil.’’ Though the BLM claims that this rule would incorporate proven industry standards developed by oil measure-ment experts from industry and the BLM, it seems like the BLM ignored industry expert standards and set their standards, regardless of industry input. In comments filed on December 14, 2015, the Independent Petroleum Asso-ciation of America, the American Pe-troleum Institution, the Western En-ergy Alliance, and many citizens in-volved in oil production detailed seri-ous concerns. Many of the comments centered on BLM’s reluctance to recog-nize its obligation to adopt properly es-tablished industry standards. Mr. Chairman, I believe that it is vital that agencies such as the BLM listen to and take into account indus-try concerns and input when promul-gating these new rules. My amendment would restrict fund-ing for this rule in its current form, and I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this new rule updates outdated regulations and establishes minimum standards for the measurement of oil production from Federal and Indian leases to en-sure that productivity is accurately measured and properly accounted for. The administration has aggressively sought to abolish rules that were devel-oped over many years, and adhere to the process outlined in the Administra-tive Procedure Act, which includes consideration of Tribal and public com-ments. Updating this regulation avoids regu-latory uncertainty and reflects the considerable changes in technology and industry practices that have occurred over 25 years since the previous oil and gas order No. 4—25 years since the pre-vious onshore oil and gas order No. 1. Changes in technology. We should be embracing changes in technology and industry practices. We should not be using technology and practices formed 25 years ago. The new rule also responds to com-ments made by the GAO, the Depart-ment of Interior’s IG, and the Royal Policy Committee regarding BLM’s production and verification efforts. The objective of this rule is to ensure that the oil volume reported by the in-dustry is sufficiently accurate to en-sure that the royalties due are paid correctly, the royalties due to the U.S. taxpayer. The rulemaking process has been comprehensive and it has been transparent. If there are to be changes to those rules, those changes need to be done in accordance with the procedures outlined in the Administrative Proce-dure Act. There is a way to do that. So, once again, there would be an oppor-tunity for Tribal and public comment. This amendment does not provide for an open and transparent process. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to defeat this amendment and to pro-tect the American taxpayer to make sure that the royalties are accurately recorded. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I won’t take nearly 1
1⁄2minutes. I just want to support the amendment. I understand there are portions of the order that are widely accepted and some parts that need to be reworked. I hope the Bureau gets the message and works with all of the interested parties to improve onshore order No. 3. Mr. Chairman, I am happy to support the amendment. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, another way the BLM has ignored their obligations under the rulemaking proc-ess is by discounting the practical dif-ficulties for both industry and the agency associated compliance. Mr. Chairman, the BLM ignored their rulemaking responsibilities by both disregarding industry input and snub-bing practical timelines for compli-ance. I believe the BLM should go back, re-examine this rule, and this time listen and get it right. Mr. Chairman, I ask support for my amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition for two reasons. One, this, once again, is a substantial piece of policy work being done on an appropriations bills on the floor of the House. We have committees which can take things up, government oversight, and we have the Natural Resources Committee. There are many venues in which the gentleman could ask for a hearing and bring people to testify, if there are things that need to be done. Or just work through the Administra-tive Procedure Act, which has opportu-nities before it, if people feel that they are not being treated justly. But the other reason why I rise against this is, 25 years since the pre-vious update has happened, technology has changed since then and industry practices have changed. Part of our re-sponsibility—and I truly believe this in my heart—is to make sure that when we do leases, when we are to receive royalty payments, we need to be look-ing out for the U.S. taxpayer to make sure that they are fairly compensated for these leases. Mr. Chairman, I object to the amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 46 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 50 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency to take any of the actions described as a ‘‘backstop’’ in the De-cember 29, 2009, letter from EPA’s Regional Administrator to the States in the Water-shed and the District of Columbia in re-sponse to the development or implementa-tion of a State’s watershed implementation and referred to in enclosure B of such letter. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.164 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7158 September 7, 2017 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, today I rise to urge support for my amendment, which would reaffirm and preserve the rights of the States to write their own water quality plans. My amendment simply prohibits the EPA from using its Chesapeake Bay total maximum daily load and the so- called watershed implementation plans to hijack States water quality strate-gies. Over the last several years, the EPA has implemented a total maximum daily load blueprint for six States in the Chesapeake Bay watershed, which strictly limits the amount of nutrients that can enter the Chesapeake Bay. Through its implementation, the EPA has basically given every State in the watershed an ultimatum: either the State does exactly what the EPA says, or it faces the threat of an EPA take-over of its water quality programs. Congress intended that the imple-mentation of the Clean Water Act be a collaborative approach through which the States and the Federal Government work together. This process was not meant to be subject to the whims of politicians and bureaucrats in Wash-ington, D.C. Therefore, my amendment instructs the EPA to respect the im-portant role States play in imple-menting the Clean Water Act. I want to make it perfectly clear that my amendment would not stop the EPA from working with the States to restore the Chesapeake Bay, nor would it undermine the cleanup efforts al-ready underway. My language only re-moves the ability of the EPA to take over a State’s plan, or to take retalia-tory actions against a State if it does not meet the EPA mandated goals. Again, it ensures states’ rights remain intact and not usurped by the EPA. It is important to point out that the correlation between the EPA’s out-rageous Waters of the United States rule and the bay TMDL. At the heart of both issues is the EPA’s desire to con-trol conservation and water quality improvement efforts throughout the country, and to punish all of those who dare to oppose them. Mr. Chairman, the bay is a national treasure, and I want to see it restored. But we know that in order to achieve this goal, the States and the EPA must work together. The EPA cannot be al-lowed to railroad the States and micro-manage the process. With this amendment, we are simply telling the EPA to respect the impor-tant role States play in implementing the Clean Water Act and preventing another Federal power grab. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b2015 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, this amendment would prohibit the EPA from spending any funds to ensure that States fulfill their obligations under the Clean Water Act to help clean up the Chesapeake Bay. If passed into law, this amendment would endan-ger the progress we have made in re-storing the Chesapeake Bay watershed and would put in jeopardy not only the Chesapeake Bay itself, but also critical economic contributions that the bay provides. Since the Chesapeake Bay agreement was signed in 1983, the most recent agreement signed in 2014, bay States and the Federal Government have in-vested significant resources in cleanup and restoration efforts. Cooperation is critical in these efforts, and only under the cooperative agreement agreed upon in the Chesapeake Clean Water Blue-print are we seeing a lot of progress being made. But the Chesapeake Bay cleanup efforts are part of backstops that make sure that each State does what it has actually promised to do. With these safeguards in place, States have to certify that their investments are not made in vain and that other States will also make good on their in-vestments. This amendment would undermine this historic collaboration, endanger historic progress we have made, and give States a loophole to avoid meeting their responsibilities under the Clean Water Act. I believe that, instead of offering amendments that undermine Chesa-peake Bay restorations, we should be investing even more resources to en-sure that they are successful. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to re-ject the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I won’t take 1 minute. I just want to support the gentleman’s amendment. It is my hope that the gentlemen from Virginia and Pennsylvania may be able to work with the new adminis-tration, find common ground on ap-proaches that will improve water qual-ity in a flexible manner which works for everybody. Mr. Chair, I support the amendment and urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, how much time is remaining on each side? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) has 2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) has 31⁄2min-utes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I under-stand that the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT) has the right to close. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) has the right to close. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I urge my colleagues to reject the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gen-tlemen from Pennsylvania, Chairman SHUSTER along with Mr. T HOMPSON , for being cosponsors of this amendment. I urge my colleagues to support it. It is simply not true that this amend-ment would interfere with the cleanup of the Chesapeake Bay, and I am going to repeat what I said earlier. My amendment does not remove the TMDL or the watershed implementation plans. It only removes the retaliatory actions threatened by the EPA. The current plans and processes the States are using to clean up the bay are working. That is absolutely right. They are working, and they started long before this imposition by the EPA that occurred at the beginning of the Obama administration. States have made great strides in cleaning up the bay, so why continue to threaten them with an EPA take-over of their water quality plans. The other argument that is made is the Federal Government needs to be in-volved in this cleanup process. Well, I believe the Federal Government should be a partner in this effort. As the chairman has noted, they can play an important function. However, the cur-rent process has the EPA dictating to States, local communities, and busi-nesses instead of a cooperative ap-proach. That is not playing a part; that is controlling the process. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 51 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, as the des-ignee of the gentleman from New Jer-sey (Mr. L
OBIONDO ), I have an amend-ment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to authorize, per-mit, or conduct geological or geophysical ac-tivities (as those terms are used in the final 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Dec 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\H07SE7.REC H07SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7159 September 7, 2017 
programmatic environmental impact state-ment of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Man-agement entitled ‘‘Atlantic OCS Proposed Geological and Geophysical Activities, Mid- Atlantic and South Atlantic Planning Areas’’ and completed February 2014) in sup-port of oil, gas, or methane hydrate explo-ration and development in any area located in the North Atlantic, Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, or Straits of Florida Outer Conti-nental Shelf Planning Area. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, I want to make clear I am offering this amend-ment on behalf of the gentleman from New Jersey, F
RANK LOBIONDO , who I know has worked with my colleague, the gentleman from Virginia, D
ON B
EYER , on this bipartisan measure. I think it is one that makes sense. It would, quite simply, restrict money with regard to seismic testing on the Atlantic waters and the waters of the Florida Straits. Now, why do I think that that is im-portant? I think it is important be-cause you don’t build a foundation if you don’t intend to build a house. And yet, fundamentally, what we are trying to do is move forward on something that I think begs this most Republican of questions, which is: Do we believe in home rule? At home, every municipality of every town and hamlet along the coast of South Carolina has come out unani-mously against the idea of offshore drilling and seismic testing, not be-cause they are against fossil fuel, but simply because they believe that they want to determine themselves how the coast of South Carolina develops. That is obviously the case with many col-leagues from Florida, who have now headed home to deal with the hurri-cane, and a whole host of other places up and down the Atlantic and, again, the Straits of Florida. So I think that this amendment fun-damentally is about this notion of, if you believe that the government that is most local governs best—not always, but generally—then might you not give this amendment a try, because fun-damentally what it says is places like Port Fourchon are nice, but what the people of South Carolina have deter-mined is that we don’t want our coast to develop that way because of the amount of onshore that is necessary to support offshore operations. Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ), my colleague. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ) for yielding time. Mr. Chair, moving forward with per-mits for seismic airgun surveys for sub-sidy oil and gas deposits puts our vi-brant Atlantic coast at risk. I am a Virginia businessman, and I look at what seismic testing does. Con-gressman RUTHERFORD and I led a bi-partisan letter to the administration signed by over 100 of our colleagues ex-pressing our concerns about seismic airgun blasting. Our coastal economy relies on healthy ocean ecosystems, which gen-erate $95 billion in gross domestic prod-uct, support nearly 1.4 million jobs each year. We have heard from count-less businessowners, as Congressman S
ANFORD has said, elected officials, residents all along our coasts who rec-ognize and reject the risks. NASA, the Department of Defense, the Florida Defense Support Task Force have all expressed concern that offshore oil and gas development will threaten their ability to perform crit-ical activities. The North, South, Mid-Atlantic Fish-ery Management Councils, which are responsible for the management of fish stocks and habitats in Federal waters from Maine to Florida, also have sig-nificant concerns about the risks asso-ciated with offshore drilling and seis-mic airgun blasting. So you have numerous fishing and tourism interests, including all the local chambers of commerce, tourism, restaurant associations, an alliance representing over 41,000 businesses, and 500,000 fishing families from Florida to Maine oppose offshore oil drilling ac-tivities as well. Opening up the Atlantic to seismic testing and drilling jeopardizes our economy and these coastal economies in the most immediate terms. I strongly support the LoBiondo-San-ford amendment and urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this critical amendment. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Chair, this amendment sets a dan-gerous precedent not only for the en-ergy future of the Atlantic and the Florida coasts, but for the Nation as a whole. Although this is framed as an Atlan-tic amendment, I would make clear that the residents from South Caro-lina, Virginia, North Carolina, and Georgia support offshore seismic sur-vey activities pursuant to the all-of- the-above energy approach that Amer-ica needs. Seismic surveys are routinely con-ducted off American coasts and around the world for oil and gas. We have been conducting seismic surveys around the globe in the oceans of the world for 50 years with not a single verifiable in-stance of a marine mammal being harmed or killed. In fact, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management has con-firmed this. President Obama’s own BOEM Director, Abigail Hopper, con-firmed this to me in a public hearing when I asked her last Congress. Seismic surveys have not been con-ducted in the Atlantic region for over 30 years. Today’s advancement in tech-nologies allows for 3–D and 4–D seismic work to actually look into the Earth and see what may be there. I would argue that the folks who are against seismic work really aren’t against seismic for the purpose of try-ing to save marine mammals; they just don’t like fossil fuel development. But we need to see what is out there. If Members are genuinely concerned about Russia, then voting in favor of oil and gas exploration should be a no- brainer. Why would Members vote to cut off the most significant tool in America’s arsenal, that is, our energy independence? For these reasons, it is critical that we continue to permit safe G&G geo-logical studies in all areas off Amer-ica’s coasts, that includes the mid-At-lantic, the south Atlantic, and all Flor-ida. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman from South Carolina yield? Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I just want to let the gentleman know that I op-pose this amendment. I don’t think we should stand in the way of exploration research that could inform potential future decisions, whether it is for or against drilling, but we need to know information so once we know the po-tential, we can allow the agencies to weigh those pros and cons. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Chair, we do have hurricanes coming. The Gulf of Mexico has prepared for hurricanes and dealt with it in the oil and gas industry. That is not the issue. We are talking about seismic surveys so that we as American policymakers can see what may or may not be in the Earth for future development. I would be willing to bet that, if it was natural gas that was found off the coast of my home State of South Carolina, we would be having a completely different conversation than if oil was found. Let’s at least have the guts to go out there and look and do G&G work off the coast of the mid-Atlantic, the south Atlantic, and Florida and find out what resources may or may not be there and whether they are even recov-erable or not. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I very much respect the viewpoint of the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ), and I want to be clear: I believe in fossil fuel. I think that the real conundrum in this debate is who is best able to deter-mine whether or not areas off of where they happen to live should or shouldn’t be developed: Should it be decided from Washington, D.C., or should it be de-cided by local folks? So I would frame this, fundamen-tally, as an issue of home rule, that all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.076 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7160 September 7, 2017 
the points that you are making are very, very valid, but shouldn’t that de-termination be made by folks that are most close and would be most affected by what might or might not happen in the offshore waters off of the coast of South Carolina or Florida or Georgia or elsewhere? So I just go back to, if we found the mother of all lodes, there has been testing out there, they say 132 days’ worth of supply might be off the coast of South Carolina, and what people have said is we have a vibrant tourism industry on the coast of South Caro-lina and we don’t think the risks are worth the rewards based on what might or might not be out there. So I very much respect the viewpoint of the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ), but again, what folks are telling me at home on the coast of South Carolina is, even if stuff is out there, we are concerned about the tour-ism risk and we are concerned about the infrastructure that would be re-quired to support it. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Chair, reclaiming my time, I appre-ciate the point of the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). We need to find out what is out there. G&G activity would allow us to determine whether there is oil or nat-ural gas. If we find oil, I am willing to have a conversation with the folks in Charleston County, Horry County of South Carolina. If we find natural gas, I belive the conversation will be com-pletely different. Mr. Chair, what we need to do is G&G work, which is safe to marine mam-mals, to find out what might be there and might be recoverable. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. The gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ) has 11⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, I will split my time, in the spirit of bipartisan-ship, with my colleague from Virginia, and I would simply say this: I want to go back to the most basic of all con-servative themes, which is we believe that the individual is paramount in the way that decisions get made and that not all decisions should be made in Washington, D.C. And if folks have spo-ken out as clearly and as loudly as they have with regard to home rule on what should or shouldn’t happen off their coast, that voice ought to be re-spected in Washington, D.C. Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to my colleague from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). b2030 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, to re-spond to both my friends from South Carolina, one of the dilemmas with the additional exploration is that, by law, the data obtained from the seismic sur-veys are proprietary. They will belong to the many different companies that will be doing this, and they won’t be available to the American public; they won’t be available to local government officials; they won’t even be available to Members of Congress. So this inability to access informa-tion will leave coastal communities without the opportunity to provide these substantive cost-benefit analyses that Congressman SANFORD referred to. Our constituents would take on sig-nificant risks without being involved in the future development decisions. So, for that reason, I encourage us to vote for the Sanford amendment. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
AN-
FORD ). The amendment was rejected. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ALKER ) having assumed the chair, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropria-tions for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 500 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3354. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) kindly resume the chair. b2032 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 113 printed in part B of House Report 115–295, offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ) had been disposed of. 
VACATING DEMAND FOR RECORDED VOTE ON  
AMENDMENT NO . 97 OFFERED BY MR . HASTINGS  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my re-quest for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 97 printed in part B of House Report 115–295 to the end that the Chair put the question de novo. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-designate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ). The amendment was rejected. 
VACATING DEMAND FOR RECORDED VOTE ON  
AMENDMENT NO . 98 OFFERED BY MR . HASTINGS  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my re-quest for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 98 printed in part B of House Report 115–295 to the end that the Chair put the question de novo. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-designate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ). The amendment was rejected. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 115– 295 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 91 by Mr. R
OTHFUS of Pennsylvania. Amendment No. 92 by Mr. A
USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia. Amendment No. 99 by Mr. G
ROTHMAN  of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 110 by Mr. Y
OHOof Florida. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 91 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 163, noes 248, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 467] AYES—163 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Biggs Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.172 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7161 September 7, 2017 
Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Davidson DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Olson Palazzo Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—248 
Adams Aguilar Amash Amodei Bacon Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Culberson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hoyer Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaHood Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westerman Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) NOT VOTING—22 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Lawson (FL) Marino Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
b2102 Messrs. HILL, JODY B. HICE of Geor-gia, DENT, BISHOP of Michigan, WESTERMAN, Mrs. COMSTOCK, Messrs. WOMACK, HARPER, RUSH, PALMER, GOTTHEIMER, D
EFAZIO, and O’HALLERAN changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS, Messrs. KUSTOFF of Tennessee, CHABOT, M
CCAUL, WALDEN, and PALAZZO changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. (By unanimous consent, Mr. M
CCAR-
THYwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Chairman, I rise for the purpose of a scheduling an-nouncement. Mr. Chairman, as we continue to track Hurricane Irma, I know many of our Members in southeastern United States are anxious to get home to their families and constituents. So, in order to ensure these Members can get home safely, the last votes for the week will now occur tomorrow afternoon on the Harvey disaster relief package at ap-proximately 12:30 p.m. The House will complete consider-ation of H.R. 3354 next week. Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. M
CCARTHY. I yield to the gen-tleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. Could the majority lead-er give us some idea so, when Members leave, they will have some idea of next week’s schedule? I know we are going to discuss that tomorrow as well, but it might be use-ful to do it tonight as well, just to give them an overview. Mr. MCCARTHY. The quick overview, as you know, we will complete this ap-propriations package next week. We have a couple of other items that we will list for you tomorrow, but we will continue to monitor this storm. I know it is going to hit a couple of States, so we will keep you posted about the schedule for next week as well. As soon as we know, we will keep you updated. Mr. HOYER. If the gentleman will continue to yield, I thank him for giv-ing us an update. I also thank him for the consideration of our Members who live in the southeast and scheduling Harvey early and then no votes subse-quent to that because I have had a lot of my Members talk to me about, as you point out, their desire to get home as quickly as possible with their con-stituents and with their families. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT NO . 92 OFFERED BY MR . AUSTIN  
SCOTT OF GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, 2-minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN  S
COTT) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 217, noes 193, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 468] AYES—217 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Espaillat Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.077 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7162 September 7, 2017 
Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schrader Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—193 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—23 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Carter (TX) Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Lawson (FL) Marino Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2109 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 99 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 105, noes 307, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 469] AYES—105 
Abraham Allen Amash Arrington Banks (IN) Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Burgess Carter (GA) Cheney Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Costello (PA) Davidson Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Faso Ferguson Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Hultgren Hunter Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Marshall Massie McClintock McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Renacci Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rouzer Russell Sanford Sensenbrenner Shuster Smith (MO) Taylor Tipton Walberg Walker Walters, Mimi Westerman Williams Wittman Woodall Yoho Young (AK) NOES—307 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Babin Bacon Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.078 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7163 September 7, 2017 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walorski Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—21 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Lawson (FL) Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2114 Messrs. GAETZ, JOHNSON of Lou-isiana, and CARTER of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 110 OFFERED BY MR . YOHO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 199, noes 212, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 470] AYES—199 
Abraham Allen Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—212 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amash Amodei Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—22 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Lawson (FL) Posey Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. W ALKER ) (during the vote). There is 1 minute re-maining. b2119 Ms. STEFANIK changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, pursuant to House Resolution 500, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. W
ALKER , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropria-tions for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 504 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3354. Will the gentleman from North Caro-lina (Mr. W
ALKER ) kindly take the chair. b2120 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. W
ALKER (Act-ing Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 51 printed in House Re-port 115–297 offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ) had been disposed of. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.086 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7164 September 7, 2017 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–297 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 2 by Mr. G
RIJALVA of Arizona. Amendment No. 15 by Mr. T
HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania. Amendment No. 18 by Mr. G
RIJALVA  of Arizona. Amendment No. 29 by Mr. B
IGGS of Arizona. Amendment No. 31 by Mr. B
ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico. Amendment No. 38 by Mr. E
LLISON of Minnesota. Amendment No. 39 by Mr. L
OWENTHAL of California. Amendment No. 43 by Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. Amendment No. 50 by Mr. G
OODLATTE  of Virginia. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 191, noes 221, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 471] AYES—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—221 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—21 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Lawson (FL) Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2125 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . THOMPSON  
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 207, noes 205, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 472] AYES—207 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Dent DesJarlais Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.183 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7165 September 7, 2017 
Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Larson (CT) Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Ryan (OH) Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walorski Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOES—205 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brat Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rooney, Francis Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin NOT VOTING—21 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Lawson (FL) Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2130 Mr. KATKO changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 218, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 473] AYES—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—218 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.053 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7166 September 7, 2017 
Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—25 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Graves (MO) Labrador LaHood Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2134 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . BIGGS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 184, noes 228, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 474] AYES—184 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Denham DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NOES—228 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Turner Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin NOT VOTING—21 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Lawson (FL) Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2138 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
LUJA´N OF NEW MEXICO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
EN R
AYLUJA´N) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 220, noes 191, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 475] AYES—220 
Adams Aguilar Amash Bacon Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.061 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7167 September 7, 2017 
Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rokita Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (IA) 
NOES—191 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Bucshon Budd Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin NOT VOTING—22 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Kelly (IL) Lawson (FL) Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2142 Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 194, noes 218, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 476] AYES—194 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—218 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.062 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7168 September 7, 2017 
NOT VOTING—21 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Lawson (FL) Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2145 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . 
LOWENTHAL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 189, noes 220, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 477] AYES—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—220 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—24 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Lawson (FL) Nolan Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Ruppersberger Rutherford Scalise Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2149 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 215, noes 196, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 478] AYES—215 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Dec 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\H07SE7.REC H07SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7169 September 7, 2017 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—196 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—22 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Gaetz Garrett Lawson (FL) Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2152 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 214, noes 197, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 479] AYES—214 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—197 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harris Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Wittman Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—22 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeGette Demings DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Garrett Lawson (FL) Posey Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Tsongas Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
b2156 So the amendment was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.081 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7170 September 7, 2017 
The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B ERGMAN ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 55 printed in House Report 115–297. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. Each amount made available by this Act (other than an amount required to be made available by a provision of law) is hereby reduced by 1 percent. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Tennessee. b2200 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I know that we have a lot of activity on the House floor tonight, which I think is a good thing. It shows that the peo-ple’s House is here, that we are work-ing, and that we are meeting the needs of the American people. One of those is making certain that we fund the activ-ity of this government, and that we do it in a responsible way. I think that as I come to offer my amendment, that I offer every single year, on this piece of legislation, Mr. Chairman, it is very important to note that this Appropriations Committee has done a phenomenal job of reining in out-of-control spending. One of the lessons that should have been learned over the past couple of years is that it is very clear the Amer-ican people understand that Wash-ington does not have a revenue prob-lem, it has a spending problem. As I said, Washington does not have a rev-enue problem, it has a spending prob-lem. We know that the bureaucracy has an insatiable appetite for the taxpayers’ money. We see it all of the time. It is why we are having a vote to raise the debt ceiling. It is why we are right at $20 trillion in debt. It is because the spending is, indeed, out of control. The work that has been done by this committee to prepare these appropria-tions bills is so vitally important, and it is to be commended. I think we have to look at this Interior Appropriations bill and realize that last year it was a $32.28 billion bill. This year, they have worked that spending down to $31.4 bil-lion, and that is, indeed, commendable. In this bill, they have cut the spending at the EPA a total of 27 percent, and that is, indeed, commendable. The amendment that I bring forward tonight is to reduce that budget au-thority by an additional 1 percent. And I do this in calling for a penny-on-a- dollar cut, to challenge the bureauc-racy to match the great work that has been done by our colleagues, on both sides of the aisle, as they have worked through to reduce what we spend to cut out waste, to look for fraud, to find ways that the taxpayer dollar is being abused, and to end that abuse. And, indeed, we know that saving a penny on a dollar is something we can do. It is important to our children and grandchildren. Indeed, I think we have a moral responsibility to do that. And there are areas where we can do this. I will give you a couple of exam-ples where there is more that we could be doing. One is in ceiling fan regulations through the EPA. Some of the regula-tions they have put on ceiling fans, which actually reduce energy consump-tion, are absolutely ridiculous. We know that they yield a benefit, espe-cially for people that live in areas, like I live in, in Tennessee. So while we recognize the vital work of the Department of the Interior, we also realize there are areas where more could be done to curb the waste, and where we could challenge the rank and file employees in these bureaucracies. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I want to commend my colleague for her con-sistent work to protect taxpayer dol-lars, and I certainly support her in all of the endeavors that she has done over the years to do that. But this is not the type of approach that I can support. I certainly like the idea of challenging the agencies, and I believe that the agencies are going to meet that chal-lenge to cut spending in a responsible way. This bill has made some very tough choices, within a subcommittee alloca-tion, that adheres to the current law. The Budget Committee asked us to meet certain budget caps, and we have done so in this bill, while asking that we increase spending for our national security, which is in woeful shape. So we had to make some very dif-ficult tradeoffs. This bill, in its current form, balances our needs, those trade-offs carefully weighed for their respect-ful impacts. We prioritize funding for fire suppression, PILT, national parks—maybe the most popular agency in the United States Government—and meeting our legal and moral obliga-tions in Indian Country. Unfortunately, the process that the gentlewoman proposes—an across-the- board cut—would cut all those pro-grams, including Indian health, na-tional park programs, and other pro-grams, which already are taking sig-nificant cuts. This amendment makes no distinc-tion between where we need to be spending to invest in, say, energy inde-pendence, or to limit spending to meet our deficit controls. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment, but I certainly support the fact that we are trying to get our budgets in line. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I do appreciate the chairman’s work, and the committee’s good work. I do want to point out that across- the-board cuts work. We see them work in our State governments, and we see them work in our local communities. And certainly families see these work, where they go in and they just shave a little out of everything that they are spending. If you look at the discretionary spending components of our Federal budget and you say, Let’s find a way to save one penny out of every dollar that has been appropriated, then you put yourself on the road to reducing what the Federal Government spends, what they take from the taxpayer and then spend. We are spending too much money on programs that we don’t need, programs that have outlived their usefulness, and programs that future generations don’t even realize that they are going to have to pay for. So, let’s do the fiscally responsible thing. Let’s challenge these agencies, let’s cut one more penny out of the dol-lar, and do this for our children, for our grandchildren, and for the fiscal health of our Nation. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose this amendment. This amendment discriminately cuts programs in this bill without any thought to the merit of what is con-tained in this bill. For example, in Indian Health Serv-ice, it really means fewer patients being seen. It means fewer safety in-spectors ensuring accidents don’t occur. Deferred maintenance in our drinking water, sanitation, and infra-structure. We will lose investments in environmental infrastructure, and, with that, jobs will be lost. But the EPA, as has been pointed out quite a bit tonight for cuts and for shifting funding around within this bill, is $2.2 billion less than 2010: 2,000 fewer employees. So employees are being pulled out of my region and your region and all over to respond down in Harvey, meaning work isn’t being done. And I bet they are going to get the call to leave their families and go look at sewer systems that have bro-ken apart, and water systems that don’t have the ability for safe drinking water. This is an agency that was fund-ed and cut again in this bill, and they have real jobs to do. So when you discriminately cut across, you are also cutting across those programs that we are relying right now for the EPA to do in Harvey. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.201 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7171 September 7, 2017 
And then the Forest Service just no-tified us that they are out of money for fire suppression. So we are going to cut the Forest Service across 1 percent? There might be places where you and I could agree, Mr. Chairman, where we could be doing some cuts, and I could work with my colleagues on it. But across the board, this year, in this bill, is something I can’t support. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 56 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency to carry out the powers granted under section 3063 of title 18, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, the En-vironmental Protection Agency spends as much as $50 million a year to em-ploy nearly 200 armed agents at an av-erage cost of $216,000 per year, per agent. In total, over the period from fiscal year 2006 to 2015, the EPA spent an estimated $715 million for its crimi-nal enforcement program. This money could have been better spent on such things as improvement of our water systems. These 200 special agents were equipped with guns and ammunition up to 30-millimeter, camouflage and other deceptive equipment, night vision, un-manned aircraft, and other military- style equipment. A 2015 report by Open the Books, noted that EPA spent $24,700 on ammu-nition between 75-millimeter and 125- millimeter, and $23,000 on ammunition over 125-millimeter. It is difficult for me to imagine that the EPA has a le-gitimate use for ammunition of that size. The EPA is just one of more than 70 Federal agencies that employ armed personnel, many of which most Ameri-cans would never associate with law enforcement. These include the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Asso-ciation, the Federal Reserve Board, and the National Institutes of Health, among others. I think we need to take a step back and reevaluate whether arming the bu-reaucracy is the best way to ensure that our laws are enforced. Federal agencies should be able to demonstrate their need for armed personnel and, ab-sent such a demonstration, should rely on local or State law enforcement when there is a need for armed protec-tion. My amendment would prohibit fund-ing for EPA’s armed agents and begin to address the troubling trend of mili-tarization in our Federal agencies. Claim: While I appreciate my colleague’s concerns about the militarization of federal agencies, this amendment reaches too far. Response: It is not my amendment, but the EPA that has reached too far. EPA is the poster child for government overreach, and they have clearly abused the police powers they’ve been granted. Claim: This amendment puts EPA employ-ees at risk of bodily harm. They deserve to come home to their families at night. Response: I agree that every federal em-ployee should be able to come home safe to their families and this amendment would not impact their ability to do so. EPA and any other federal agency that believes that their activities could result in a threat to their em-ployees have the ability to coordinate armed protection with local or state or federal law en-forcement. Claim: This amendment would give crimi-nals a free pass to pollute our air and water and ignore the laws on the books. Response: My amendment would not hinder EPA’s ability to enforce the laws on the books and no one wants to see our air and water polluted. However, we cannot ignore the facts that EPA’s criminal enforcement division could be mistaken for a military operation at this point. I want to see our laws enforced, but I have serious doubts that it takes 200 heavily armed EPA agents to accomplish that goal. Claim: We should have a debate over EPA’s need for armed agents but this is not the correct venue for that debate. The debate should take place in the authorizing commit-tees. Response: That same argument could be applied to every limitation amendment offered to an appropriations bill, but that doesn’t stop limitations from being offered and adopted. That said, I am happy to continue this debate should a bill reauthorizing these activities come up. We recently increased funding for the Cap-itol Police by $29.2 million which could be more than covered by the reduction I am seeking to EPA Criminal Enforcement. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. b2215 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I un-derstand, and I have taken a lot of crit-icism over the last few years for cut-ting EPA’s budget by 27 percent over the last number of years. However, I believe this amendment is just going too far. We have a new administration. We have a new Administrator. I think there is a new day over at EPA. None of us want to see our rivers polluted, toxic waste either on the ground or in the air, and I think this administration will administer the law properly. We may not always agree on where it is appropriate to draw the line on envi-ronmental laws and regulations. Some think some standards are too strin-gent, some think they are not tough enough, and that is a fair policy debate to have. However, we know that no matter where the line is ultimately drawn, there are individuals out there who are willingly and knowingly try-ing to find ways around those laws. As such, EPA needs the ability to look into criminal activity, whether it is il-legal dumping of waste, negligent dumping of toxics or oil, or the illegal importation of products from other countries by those who would choose to ignore United States law. So we can debate the law and what is appropriate, but we can’t give crimi-nals a free pass or ignore the laws that are on the books. Mr. Chair, I must op-pose the amendment and urge my col-leagues to do the same, and I encour-age a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the chairman’s great work on the appropriations bill and have great re-spect for him, but I would like to re-spond to some of the comments. This is not a cut to the EPA’s budget. This is a redirection of funds away from a militarized division of the EPA. There is no effort at all here to dimin-ish the EPA’s ability to carry out its core functions. If there is a problem where armed agents or armed per-sonnel are involved, they need to rely on people who are trained to deal with such situations. Actually, I think this would allow the EPA to redirect its funds to make sure that our environ-ment is protected. So with all due respect, I want to make sure that it is understood that this is not a cut to the EPA’s budget. This is a redirection of resources and a demilitarization of a Federal agency that, frankly, I have seen in my own State of Alabama where they showed up at a city water system in full body armor, bulletproof vests, carrying AR15s—at a city water system. It was totally uncalled for. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I under-stand the gentleman’s concerns. I would suggest that he go down to the Administrator’s office, our new Admin-istrator, Mr. Pruitt, and meet with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.205 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7172 September 7, 2017 
him. I don’t think that there is any de-sire on his part to militarize the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, and I think that he will see this new Admin-istrator wanting to do the right thing. Mr. Chair, I oppose this amendment and urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chair, again, I ap-preciate the response of the chairman, who, I again want to reiterate, has done a fine job in the appropriations process, and I appreciate his concerns about this. I intend to meet with Secretary Pru-itt. I have known him for quite some time and have full confidence in his ability to lead the EPA in a much bet-ter direction than it has been over the last few years. He inherited this problem. This is not an effort by the EPA to militarize. They already are militarized. This ex-ample I gave you from the State of Alabama is just one example of other instances in the State of Alabama, other instances around the country. We depend on law enforcement to handle confrontational situations. I don’t think anyone expects a Federal agency to have people who are trained to the degree that our law enforcement is to handle situations where someone might get injured or killed. So it is, I think, totally appropriate for us at this point to redirect this funding, to remove this funding for armed agents, who, by the way, as I said early on, and if you want to see this report from Open the Books, we are purchasing 75-millimeter ammuni-tion, 30-millimeter ammunition. It is hard to imagine what purpose they have for ammunition of that size. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the op-portunity to speak on this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
AM-
BORN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. B
ERGMAN , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropria-tions for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO HOUSE AMENDMENT TO SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 601, REIN-FORCING EDUCATION ACCOUNT-ABILITY IN DEVELOPMENT ACT Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–299) on the resolution (H. Res. 509) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 601) to enhance the transparency and accelerate the im-pact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to pro-mote quality basic education in devel-oping countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and im-proved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 504 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3354. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ) kindly resume the chair. b2224 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. B
ERGMAN  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 56 printed in House Report 115–297 offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ) had been post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 57 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title) insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to process any appli-cation under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) for a permit to drill or a permit to modify that would au-thorize use of hydraulic fracturing or acid well stimulation treatment in the Pacific Outer Continental Shelf. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, I am offering my amendment on behalf of my constituents on the central coast of California. It simply prevents the Bu-reau of Ocean Energy Management from issuing any new permits that would allow companies to use hydrau-lic fracturing or acid well stimulation, otherwise known as fracking, in Fed-eral waters off the West Coast. It will prohibit the use of fiscal year 2018 funds to process any new applications for this purpose. This would provide us more time to study whether offshore fracking is safe for the environment and public health. In 2013, we learned that offshore fracking had been occurring off Califor-nia’s coast for more than two decades. In the Santa Barbara Channel alone, there have been more than a dozen doc-umented instances of offshore fracking, yet we know very little about the envi-ronmental and health impacts this has had on our communities. Already, the United States Geologi-cal Survey has concluded that the practice of injecting pressurized water into deep rock formations causes earthquakes. My constituents deserve to know the risks associated with off-shore fracking on our environment, marine life, and public health. My constituents have seen the dev-astating impacts of some of the largest oil spills in California’s history, like the 1969 Santa Barbara oil spill. My amendment echoes my constituents’ concern surrounding the impacts of off-shore fracking and prohibits the use of funds to process any new applications for this purpose. This is a commonsense measure that we should implement until we know all the facts and risks associated with this practice. Mr. Chair, I urge passage of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, last year, May of 2016, in the previous adminis-tration, the Department of the Interior issued a finding of no significant im-pact with respect to these operations; thus followed a review of 23 oil and gas platforms currently operating offshore in the State of California. The review drew upon the best available science and reaffirms that these operations are operating safely, as they should. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.209 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7173 September 7, 2017 
This amendment is nothing more than another attempt to restrict off-shore development, and I oppose the amendment and encourage my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, I will note that oil platforms off California’s coast are already permitted to dump 9 billion gallons of wastewater, including fracking chemicals, into the ocean each year. Fracking increases air pollution and can expose coastal communities to air pollutants that cause cancer and other illnesses. Most offshore fracking jobs have oc-curred within 3 miles of the coast. In-jecting fracking wastewater under-ground can induce earthquakes, and all of southern California’s offshore injec-tion wells are within 3 miles of an ac-tive fault. These are just a few reasons why it is important to pass this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. b2230 
AMENDMENT NO . 59 OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 59 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used to give formal noti-fication under, or prepare, propose, imple-ment, administer, or enforce any rule or rec-ommendation pursuant to, section 115 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7415). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This amendment would prevent funds from being used to expand EPA author-ity pursuant to section 115 of the Clean Air Act. Now, this isn’t an amendment to as-sail the Clean Air Act, but there is a flaw with it, which is section 115. That section of the Clean Air Act allows the EPA to mandate State emissions levels to whatever amount the agency deems appropriate if they find two things. They have to find that U.S. emissions endanger a foreign nation; and the en-dangered nation has a reciprocal agree-ment to prevent or control emissions in their own nation. Now, it was previously argued that the Paris climate agreement met those requirements. When they wrote the Clean Air Act back in the 1970s, they never foresaw the Paris Agreement. And the Paris Agreement is not a trea-ty. It is an agreement. Fortunately, President Trump’s deci-sion to withdraw from the agreement has alleviated those prior concerns. Whether you agree with this President or the last one or the future President is immaterial. The point is that this portion of the law shouldn’t exist. That authority shouldn’t exist at the execu-tive level, especially when we don’t do treaties anymore. Despite the temporary relief, the fact remains that section 115 of the Clean Air Act is just simply bad policy. Sec-tion 115 delegates an incredible amount of authority to the executive branch without any safeguards, without any oversight by the legislative branch. This amendment would block the use of section 115 to delegate this power over the energy sector, over our States, to the unelected, unaccountable bu-reaucrats at the EPA. In the future, such expansive author-ity at the EPA could be economically devastating and could threaten the re-liability and viability of our Nation’s energy sector without any checks and balances. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. So the gentleman was talking about the Paris climate agreement, which the Trump adminis-tration withdrew from? Mr. PERRY. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. M
CCOLLUM. I yield to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. PERRY. Yes, ma’am. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. And then you said you were worried about the adminis-tration using section 115 of the Clean Air Act to impose regulations. It has been my experience, from my point of view, representing my con-stituents, we were disappointed about the withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement, and we haven’t seen this administration be aggressive on clean air. So could you please explain to me your concerns about the Trump admin-istration and section 115 of the Clean Air Act? Because, if they are doing things that you are concerned about, maybe I need to take a fresher look at what the Trump administration is doing, because I have seen them do nothing but block, cut back, and deny the ability to move forward on the clean air agreement. So I am confused to the point of your amendment. The Obama administration is gone, and the Trump administration has re-moved almost everything I care pas-sionately about with clean air. Mr. PERRY. If the gentlewoman will continue to yield, what I am concerned about is not necessarily the Trump ad-ministration or the Obama administra-tion. Any administration with the un-bridled power that section 115 gives the administration, without any checks or balances, to make an agreement with another nation and then enforce—have their agency enforce their regulations at whatever they deem appropriate on every single State in the United States, without any ability of Congress to intervene whatsoever. It is not particular to this adminis-tration, the last administration, or any future administration. It is particular to all of them. The authority, in my opinion, should not exist for them to do that without any checks and bal-ances from the legislative branch. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Reclaiming my time, the Perry amendment would only be in effect for 1 year because this is not a policy bill. This is an appropria-tions bill. So the gentleman’s concerns about having long-term consequences of a future President in the future would not be addressed by this par-ticular amendment. So I oppose the amendment. It is a long line of Republican amendments on the attack of the clean air and the EPA’s authority. But I think this real-ly makes it crystal clear the point that we shouldn’t be doing deep policy that you want to discuss on an appropria-tions bill because it only lasts for a year. As far as I know, the Trump adminis-tration has nothing up its sleeve to im-prove air quality over the next year, so I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. And I urge my colleagues who care about these policy situations: You control the House, you control the Senate. Please go to the committees of jurisdiction. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
AL-
VERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, this amendment was adopted on the floor last year. I believe it is a good amend-ment. I encourage my colleagues to support it. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 60 printed in House Report 115–297. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.211 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7174 September 7, 2017 
It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 61 printed in House Report 115–297. 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 62 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, imple-ment, or enforce the rule submitted by the Bureau of Land Management relating to ‘‘Onshore Oil and Gas Operations; Federal and Indian Oil and Gas Leases; Site Secu-rity’’, published at 81 Fed. Reg. 81356 (No-vember 17, 2016). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I might consume. Onshore Order 3, put in place by the last administration, creates a number of unnecessary and duplicative burdens that cause energy production to be much more difficult. Now, many people visualize that oil wells are drilled into the ground and then they just produce oil on their own; that it flows to the surface magi-cally, and it remains unabated through the life of the oil well. It is not true at all. What actually happens is that there is a pool of oil at the bottom of the well, and as it is produced, the produc-tion gets smaller each day until even-tually the small production is classi-fied as stripper well production. Now, the Saudi Arabians, about every 10 years, come in and kill the stripper wells because that would be approximately 2 to 3 billion barrels of oil a year they could produce that would be shut down here. In my home county of Lee County, New Mexico, we hunker down when we see these economic attacks coming, and we simply make it through; not be-cause it is economic, not because it is productive, but because it is one of the few economic drivers of New Mexico. Oil and gas provides about 40 percent of our teachers’ pay, 40 percent of police pay. So it is just our way of life. But the stripper wells are not ex-tremely economic. So when this On-shore Order 3 came into place, it actu-ally is assisting the Saudi Arabians to try to drive stripper wells out of exist-ence because it is the small producers, it is the guys who will stay there and produce the wells when nobody has eco-nomic interest in them. They like sweeping up the crumbs off of the en-ergy table. So Onshore Order 3 puts in processes that require monitoring that is already provided at the point of sale. So it is not as if somehow the government’s being cheated. It just is trying to squeeze more out of these uneconomic wells. The estimates are that we have shut down a great number of those wells, af-fecting teachers’ pay, affecting the economy of New Mexico, killing jobs. So my amendment is very simple. It would prevent funds from being used to fund the BLM Onshore Order Rule No. 3. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, once again, there might be some very legiti-mate points that can be worked on out of these stripper wells that are at the end of their life, and we might find some common ground on some of your issues, but this is the appropriations bills and this isn’t the place to do it. It should be done in the Policy Com-mittee. Mr. Chair, we should be going to the Policy Committee, and we should be asking the Policy Committee to take up and have hearings on these issues that are very important to some of the Members here in this House. So when I look at this amendment on an Appropriations Committee bill, what it says to me is that it is con-tinuing the administration’s agenda that favors oil and gas industry ahead of other uses of our public lands. It says to me that the administration has rolled back and abolished a lot of rules that have been made over many years that are contained and outlined in the Administrative Procedure Act, which includes a consideration of public and travel comments so you can go and register your comment and your con-cern on it. The whole point of the site security rule is to protect against the theft of oil and to make sure that the oil and gas production is properly accounted for. So this rule that we are talking about today also streamlines the proc-ess for companies to get new measure-ment technologies to make sure that they are using the most innovative technology. I think, after 25 years, most businesses, most people who want to make sure that they are paying for product, want to make sure that it is being measured and accounted for right. This rule was also recommended by the GAO and the Department of the In-terior’s IG, the Royalty Policy Com-mittee regarding the BLM’s production of verification efforts. And those are things that, quite often, we do to safe-guard and to protect to make sure that the taxpayer, when involved on public lands, is receiving fair value for the royalty. So there is a rulemaking process that is comprehensive. There is a rule-making process that is transparent. And there is also a way to change the rule that is comprehensive, trans-parent, and allows the public to have their voice, and that is to address these issues in the Policy Committee. So the main reason—and I want to be really clear about this—for opposing many of these amendments is they are properly done in the Policy Com-mittee, a committee which I served on when I first came here. Mr. Chair, I think that is where these amendments need to start being direct so that we can do the real work and make sure that when Members come to the floor, that they know that we have had a full vetting and full transparency. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b2245 Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chairman of the committee and subcommittee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. I appreciate my colleague for bringing the Bureau of Land Management’s Onshore Order No. 3 to the House’s attention. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, again, I appreciate what my chairman of the subcommittee is saying in helping Members here, but we have a lot of work to do just doing the oversight on how money is spent and appropriated to make sure that we are doing our due diligence when we appropriate funds, that they are used in the way that this Congress has asked for them to be used. There is a Policy Committee to look at what is happening with policy and to make sure that we move policy forward. Mr. Chair, sometimes when amend-ments like this come to the floor, I just think we are failing totally as a Con-gress to do our due diligence in the Policy Committee, and then there is so much time spent on policy in the Ap-propriations Committee, we fail to do our due diligence on what has to hap-pen for oversight for the tax dollars that we do appropriate in these bills. It is my hope that the Policy Com-mittee will step up, speak out, and start requesting that these bills be heard in the committee of jurisdiction and not just put on as riders on our bills. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkan-sas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. P
EARCE for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Chairman, this rule by the BLM is a classic example of agency over-regulation at its finest. Should the new regulations take effect, lessees and op-erators will be forced to maintain original gas charts, measurement tick-ets, calibrations, verifications, prover 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.215 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7175 September 7, 2017 
and configuration reports, pumper and gauger field logs, volume statements, event logs, seal records, and gas anal-ysis. Most of these documents have noth-ing to do with determining the amount of production at a lease and will force businesses to hire more staff just to keep records. This will also likely result in more Federal employees to oversee the bu-reaucracy. This makes zero sense and is simply creating work and overregu-lation for no reason. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I think it is clear that what is at stake is 2.6 billion barrels of oil a day made from wells that make maybe one or two bar-rels, three barrels a day. They are not extremely economic, but those busi-nesses are located in New Mexico. Those businesses keep their head-quarters there. They are just small mom-and-pop operators that care enough about the energy business to stay out there, and so when the govern-ment does things that says we are not going to let you operate, that we are going to shut you down, it accom-plishes what the Saudi Arabians have never been able to accomplish, and that is defeat the spirit that says we can survive any attacks. Mr. Chair, again, I urge people to support this amendment and the under-lying bill, H.R. 3354, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 63 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, imple-ment, or enforce the rule submitted by the Bureau of Land Management relating to ‘‘Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resource Conservation’’, pub-lished at 81 Fed. Reg. 83008 (November 18, 2016). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico for 5 minutes. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, the venting and flar-ing rule was, again, put in place by the last administration, intending for BLM to regulate methane. Historically, that had been regulated by the EPA. Now, keep in mind that methane pro-duction from oil wells is down 21 per-cent since 1990, while production is going up. Production is going up, meth-ane production is down. So we wonder why the administration came at the last second to put this rule into place. Basically, the argument is exactly the same for opposing that venting and flaring rule that what is at stake are not the good wells. Those wells are going to produce in their economic with whatever burdens are placed on them. What is at stake are the stripper wells which, again, make up 2.6 billion barrels of production in the U.S. every day, 145 million barrels of production in the State of New Mexico. So you can imagine the economic catastrophe if that 145 million barrels weren’t avail-able to the State to both tax and to provide jobs. Again, 40 percent of New Mexico’s pay, roughly the teachers’ pay, the po-lice pay, roughly that much comes from oil and gas production. You can do the math and see how much New Mexico would be affected if this vent-ing and flaring rule continues to place the burden on the well. The estimates are for each well that a cost of $60,000 is going to be required to come into compliance. Again, keep in mind that this rule comes after the methane is more carefully controlled today under greater production than it ever has been. The estimates are that we will lose thousands of wells if this venting and flaring rule continues. Again, it is the stripper wells which are most at harm. If we lose the 2.6 bil-lion barrels of stripper well production every year because of the high cost of implementation of the venting and flaring rule, that is going to mean we are less energy independent, that we rely more on outside sources. It is going to drive the price of gasoline up. The people who can afford it least are the people at the bottom of the eco-nomic ladder. They will be the ones pe-nalized most by rising prices of gaso-line and decreasing supplies of oil. Mr. Chair, again, I would urge people to support this amendment, the under-lying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 2 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM). Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chair, I want to thank my colleague for yielding me time. Mr. Chair, yesterday the House passed a $7.9 billion downpayment to address the destruction caused by Hur-ricane Harvey, which is projected now to cost as much as $180 billion—by far, today, the costliest hurricane to hit the United States. Today, we are considering an amend-ment which would prohibit BLM from implementing a rule to address the wasteful venting, flaring, and leaking of methane, which is a climate change- causing emission 30 times more power-ful than carbon dioxide. New Mexico is currently home to the largest methane hot spot in the world. Not only is methane a powerful green-house gas, but every cubic foot of gas that is wasted into the atmosphere cheats hardworking New Mexican tax-payers out of precious royalty and tax payments which go toward public edu-cation, infrastructure, and community development programs. Our State desperately needs these in-vestments, and we cannot afford to let money disappear into thin air. BLM, in fact, should work with stakeholders, especially small independent producers who have low-producing wells to make this workable. But taking a sledge-hammer to our Nation’s energy policy is a shortsighted and counter-productive effort. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment and to collabo-rate to make this rule effective for pro-ducers and taxpayers alike. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chairman of the subcommittee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, the House has spoken several times on the Bureau of Land Management’s methane regula-tion in the past 2 years. I understand the administration is reviewing the regulation and that litigation is ongo-ing. In the meantime, I think action is needed, and so I support this amend-ment and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. The BLM venting and flaring rule, or the BLM methane rule, represents one of the Obama administration’s most egre-gious abuses of executive power de-signed to destroy responsible energy production on Federal land. BLM exceeded statutory authority by attempting to regulate air quality; authority that is vested solely with the EPA. Methane emissions from oil and natural gas have significantly declined in recent decades without duplicative Federal regulations in a time when oil and gas production in the U.S. has surged. It is frustrating that this rule is somehow cloaked under the idea that it will benefit taxpayers. It won’t. It is an onerous rule with no connection to the reality of the physics and chemistry of energy production. It will reduce American energy production on Fed-eral land and, therefore, reduce royal-ties due to the U.S. Treasury. This amendment brings account-ability to executive rulemaking. I thank Congressman P
EARCE and ap-plaud him, as well as Congressmen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:49 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.217 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7176 September 7, 2017 
Westerman and Cramer for their simi-lar amendments crippling other Obama rules. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) has expired. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, as I said, I rise in opposition to this amendment, as clearly this amendment would pro-hibit BLM from regulating flaring, venting, and leaking of methane from Federal onshore oil and gas operations. In 2016, the BLM finalized its rule which updated regulations that were almost over 30 years old. We have learned a lot about how we have to be more diligent about capturing energy and making America more energy se-cure, because this rule would prevent the waste of an estimated 65 billion cubic feet of natural gas a year and save taxpayers $330 million annually. BLM has a responsibility to the tax-payers, and that means capturing what is flared off, what is burnt off, which is potential energy. We have developed technologies in the past 30 years to capture this and make it work even more effectively for the taxpayers when we lease out these leases and roy-alties. Just for a fact, I share that the Bakken oil field, when it was at its height, flared more—I am from the Twin Cities—flared more and brighter than the metropolitan area in St. Paul and Minneapolis. That is how bright the flare was that the satellites cap-tured at night. That was burning en-ergy, energy consumption that should have been captured because we owe it to future generations to get it right when it comes to our energy produc-tion. Mr. Chairman, the amendment is bad for public health, it shortchanges the American taxpayers, and I urge my col-leagues to oppose it. I don’t think we are going to change each other’s minds on this because the bottom line is, and I have been consistent with this, this belongs in the Policy Committee. This only would change something for a year. You would have to come back year after year after year. If there is something where we can find common ground on, we can find it in the Policy Committee. We can’t find it on an Ap-propriations Committee where it ex-pires every year. I ride the elevator with the gen-tleman, Mr. Chair, and I am sure he is going to enlighten me some more. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. b2300 The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico will be postponed. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 64 will not be offered. AMENDMENT NO . 65 OFFERED BY MR . MCEACHIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 65 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR DEVELOPING  
A NEW 5 -YEAR -OFFSHORE -PLAN  S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to prepare a five- year offshore oil and gas leasing program that would schedule any Outer Continental Shelf oil and gas lease sale before 2022. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. M
CEACHIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is simple. It would prevent the Depart-ment of the Interior from preparing a new 5-year offshore oil and gas leasing program that schedules leases before the year 2022. Mr. Chairman, offshore drilling car-ries real consequences, from the indus-trialization of our coasts to the ines-capable risk of another BP Deepwater Horizon-like disaster. Those risks can not be eliminated. As Deepwater Horizon made clear, accidents can inflict damage of an al-most unimaginable scale. BP has spent billions of dollars responding to that disaster. That figure reflects liabilities that arose from massive and irreparable damage to our environment, perma-nent harm to economically essential industries, and countless other impacts on the Gulf Coast residents’ quality of life. We have to make sure that other regions are never exposed to those kind of harms. That is why my amendment is important. In the event of a drilling accident, thriving coastal economies could be decimated. Industries that rely upon a healthy marine environment—every-thing from the tourist trade to our fisheries—could disappear overnight. If a spill were big enough—and we have seen that they can be enormous— the economic consequences would rip-ple throughout the national economy, hurting millions of Americans who live many miles from the sea. Again, we cannot afford such economic risks. It is equally foolish to risk the nat-ural beauty, fragile habitats, and irre-placeable species for the benefit of a few massive oil and gas companies. Our coasts are home to some of our most iconic and unique wildlife. Healthy oceans are critical to tradi-tional ways of life, having provided subsistence resources for many genera-tions. Those places, those species, those customs are part of why we live in the greatest country on Earth. No other place could match the richness and di-versity of the United States of Amer-ica. We must not endanger the incred-ible heritage in a quest for dirty en-ergy, especially the kind of fuels that can drive catastrophic changes to our climate, with grave and permanent consequences for our society. It is important to note that prohib-iting the preparation of a new leasing program does not stop any of the cur-rently scheduled lease sales until 2022 from happening. My amendment just puts us back on the regular schedule for writing the next plan. Prohibiting the preparation of a new leasing program, however, does ensure that millions of taxpayer dollars are not spent reworking a plan that was just completed this year. Restarting a new 5-year leasing proc-ess would throw away 21⁄2years and tens of millions of dollars of effort, ig-nore overwhelming bipartisan opposi-tion from millions of people up and down our coasts, and eliminate the pro-tections that President Obama pro-vided for the fragile Arctic. Mr. Chairman, the risk of a new 5- year offshore oil and gas leasing pro-gram are simply too high and the con-sequences are too severe. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I certainly sympathize with many of the comments that the spon-sor of this amendment has brought up. Certainly, none of us have any inten-tion of trashing the environment, of causing environmental degradation in any of our coastal areas in the United States. But the thing is that this amendment doesn’t cut production. It would not re-sult in any reduction in oil and gas ex-ploration and production activities. And if it were to do that, then all that would happen is it would increase our dependence upon foreign imports of oil. The reality and statistics are very clear. You are less safe transporting energy than you are producing it. The statistics are very clear. Putting it into a ship is less safe. Putting it into a pipeline is less safe than actually producing it. So you are not doing any-thing to benefit the environment. The next thing is that, within ap-proximately 1 month of the Obama ad-ministration’s being sworn into office in 2009—as I recall, I believe it was on February 10—Secretary Salazar stood 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.220 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7177 September 7, 2017 
up and said: We are rewriting the 5- year offshore leasing plan of the pre-vious administration. They walked right in and said: We are throwing this out. Which the amendment’s sponsor said was billions of dollars in implications and much planning. It is exactly what the Obama admin-istration did. So if the Trump adminis-tration chooses to take a fresh look at these resources and these resources, then I want to quote the Obama admin-istration saying that these are offshore energy resources that belong to all Americans. Mr. Chairman, I want to make one other note. If you read the amendment, it says that none of the funds made available in this act may be used to re-pair a 5-year offshore oil and gas leas-ing program that would schedule any Outer Continental Shelf oil and gas lease sale before 2022. This wouldn’t just prohibit making changes to it, such as, perhaps, the idea of expanding it if public comments and other input found that that was the best thing to do, but it also would prevent slowing down the lease sale schedule. Mr. Chairman, I urge opposition to this amendment. While I certainly sup-port the gentleman’s intent to prevent any type of environmental harm and degradation, I just want to say in clos-ing that I was the lead trustee for the State of Louisiana in the Deepwater Horizon spill. When you look at Outer Continental Shelf energy production, we had pro-duced trillions of cubic feet of natural gas. We had produced billions of barrels of oil. What the courts found in the BP incident was that there was gross neg-ligence and willful misconduct. They didn’t find that there were problems with the rules and other things. That is why, as the gentleman correctly started, that they had to spend tens of billions of dollars paying for their gross negligence and willful misconduct, which is very different than the trillions of cubic feet of nat-ural gas, and billions of barrels of oil that we have produced safely; we pro-duced them in the United States; and we have not put them in pipelines and tankers in other less safe mechanisms of transportation. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Chairman, what is the balance of my time? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 1
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
AL-
VERT ), the distinguished chairman of the subcommittee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, this amendment would prevent the Depart-ment of the Interior from performing a necessary and thorough review of the existing 5-year plan. Meanwhile, the committee encouraged a review of the 5-year plan in the 2017 omnibus, which we just enacted just a few months ago. For these reasons and others, I cer-tainly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I just want to say that, once again, while I under-stand the gentleman’s intent to pre-vent any type of environmental deg-radation—I think everyone shares that objective—the reality is that this amendment doesn’t do anything to ad-vance that objective. And potentially, should there be some type of emergent situation where you would want to slow down lease sales, this amendment would actually prohibit that from hap-pening. We should take a fresh look with public input and with the best science to determine where we produce, how we produce, to maximize domestic energy production, to maximize or to reduce dependence upon foreign energy, to maximize economic opportunities and employment opportunities in the United States. Mr. Chair, I urge opposition to this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Chairman, just briefly, of course, I was not here at the time, but it was my understanding that this is nothing unlike what the other side of the aisle did during the Obama administration. So what this amend-ment seeks to do, in many cases, is not that unusual. And while the gentleman is correct, the size of the payments that BP had to make were because of a certain type of conduct: What we want to do is just freeze things where they are. While I acknowledge that there is a possibility that somehow someone wanted to slow down the process, I don’t believe that this administration would do just that. Again, millions of dollars have been spent. Much time has been spent in de-veloping this plan. I think we just need to leave it in place. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. M
CEACHIN ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 66 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 66 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the rule entitled ‘‘Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone’’ published by the Environmental Pro-tection Agency in the Federal Register on October 26, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 65292). The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 3354. The purpose of my amendment is to prohibit use of funds made available by this act to implement, administer, and enforce the EPA’s National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone rule, which was originally published on Oc-tober 26, 2015. This rule will make the standards more stringent in other places, in the State of Wisconsin, up and down Lake Michigan, including counties such as Sheboygan County. As you make these standards more stringent—first of all, it makes no sense because they don’t take in the fact that there are areas like mine in which the ozone is coming from outside my district. For example, Sheboygan County, whatever they do, I don’t think they could ever meet those standards be-cause there is so much ozone coming up from the Chicago area. But there is an effect to these standards as well. The standards make it more difficult for industry along Lake Michigan to operate, to comply with the standards, putting us at a competitive disadvan-tage not only with other parts around the country, but a competitive dis-advantage compared to other areas around the world with much more pol-lution than we have. Right now our ozone is much less than it was when I was a child. Quite frankly, when I was a child, nobody complained anyway. Another thing about these ozone standards, it is something that people who are looking out for that not par-ticularly wealthy people should pay at-tention to. When you aren’t meeting the standards, it creates a situation in which your owners of automobiles have to have their cars tested every year. And sometimes these cars have to go through very expensive repairs to meet the standards. Now, there are people who are going to think that is no big deal because they are maybe wealthy Congressmen and they need to buy a car every 3 or 4 years and they don’t have a problem. But if you are somebody who has a 10- or 15-year-old car, maybe you can only afford to spend $500, $1,000 on a car, and then once a year you have to get the car tested. You flunk the test and you have to put $1,000 or $1,500 into it. No wonder we have some people in this country who can’t get ahead as long as the environmental extremists are run-ning the EPA. So, in any event, I think it would be good if we don’t spend any more money implementing this new rule. Give the EPA more time to reconsider this rule and come up with something a little bit more reasonable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.222 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7178 September 7, 2017 
Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-leagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, while I understand the gentleman’s intent, I share his concern with the 2015 ozone standards, the bill’s language in the amendment goes a little too far. It ties this new administration’s hands with respect to reconsideration or flexibility efforts that they are trying to build in at the present time. Meanwhile, the ozone language in the underlying bill provides the necessary administrative relief for communities to comply with the overlapping 2008 and 2015 requirements. I think that this administration understands the com-plexities that are being imposed by this 2015 requirement. They are trying to deal with it. Mr. Pruitt has indicated that publicly. Mr. Chairman, I would urge my col-leagues to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). The amendment was rejected. b2315 
AMENDMENT NO . 67 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 67 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or en-force the threatened species or endangered species listing of any plant or wildlife that has not undergone a review as required by section 4(c)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533(c)(2)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is straightforward. It simply ensures that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is following current law, specifically sec-tion 4(c)(2) of the Endangered Species Act, by conducting a review of all threatened and endangered plants and wildlife at least once every 5 years. Time after time, the Federal Govern-ment refuses to follow the original in-tent of the Endangered Species Act. The government designates land as critical habitat despite not meeting the ESA definition, and the govern-ment consistently refuses to remove plants and animals from threatened or endangered status even when these spe-cies are flourishing and are no longer in need of ESA protections. But you may ask yourself: How does the government know when the species should be removed from the endangered or threatened list? How does the gov-ernment know if a species is recov-ering? The answer can be found in the ESA and its requirement that the Fed-eral Government review all plants or species that are currently listed as en-dangered or threatened every 5 years. Under the act, the purpose of a 5-year review is to ensure that threatened or endangered species have the appro-priate level of protection. The reviews assess each threatened and endangered species to determine whether its status has changed since the time of its list-ing or its last status review and wheth-er its status should be changed or maintained. Because the act grants extensive pro-tection to a species, including harsh penalties for landowners and other citi-zens, it makes sense to regularly verify if a plant or animal is being properly classified or should be delisted. Despite this commonsense requirement, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has ac-knowledged that it has neglected its responsibility to conduct the required reviews for hundreds of listed species. By enforcing the 5-year review— which is in the law—my amendment will ensure that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is using the best avail-able and most current scientific infor-mation in implementing its respon-sibilities under that act, including in-corporating new information through public comment and assessing ongoing conservation efforts. Now, I am sure you will hear the ranking member say that the problem is that there is simply not enough money to comply with the law, but the reality is that megasettlements and overzealous regulators have caused the number of species listed under the en-dangered species list to balloon to un-manageable levels. For the recovery of a threatened or endangered species or plant to be successful, we must prioritize our limited resources to where they are most critically needed. I encourage my colleagues to join me in ensuring that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service complies with the ESA and that we do not provide money in this bill that would violate current law. This exact amendment was added to the fiscal year ’16 Interior Appro-priations bill by voice vote and was added to the fiscal year ’17 bill by a bi-partisan rollcall vote. Mr. Chairman, I ask Members to sup-port this amendment for the third time, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Colorado is right. We have had this conversation in this Chamber, Mr. Chair, before. The Serv-ice does attempt to comply with the statutory mandate and to review the status of listed species every 5 years to determine whether or not it is classi-fied as threatened or endangered. It is correct. The Service has a back-log in reviews due to funding limita-tions. This year it is a 17 percent list-ing reduction contained in this bill so that they have been working on the backlog. But the Service still has only been able to complete 100 to 120 reviews per year, which is half of what is need-ed. So in this bill, you and I might agree that there are things that could happen and that money isn’t always the solu-tion to a problem, but in this bill you might be surprised to know that it has cut another $3.4 million, so that only builds up the backlog all the more. That is not necessarily the fault of the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Chair. It is just the fact that the allo-cation that our subcommittee had to work with, tough choices had to be made. I know that the chairman was trying to balance a lot of things. The gentleman talked about the court and the environment. I would love to have a conversation with the gentleman more about that, because it is my understanding—and I want to make sure I have it correct before we go into depth about it because, as the gentleman knows, we have a good rela-tionship, and I want to make sure that I am correct when I say things—that actually some of the things that have been happening in court have actually helped to reduce some of the costs that the gentleman is thinking about be-cause it is in place. I will get the information, Mr. Chair, and share it with the gentleman later. But the fact is that this amendment would not remove species without re-view from the list of species protected by the ESA so that the ESA’s prohibi-tion, again, would still remain, and it still would be the ability of citizens to sue or force compliance even with what the gentleman is proposing. So funding cannot be used to enforce the ESA for species with late reviews; it is going to leave the species unprotected. Proposed language would prohibit the Service from working with the agencies. It would prohibit working with developers and landowners to comply, compliance to section 7 con-sultations or section 10 permits for Federal and private projects that could potentially affect the species. So as you can see, the other thing it doesn’t do is the proposed language would not affect the ability of third parties to sue those agencies or landowners. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.225 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7179 September 7, 2017 
So I agree with the gentleman that we need to do a better job of making sure that these reviews are done in a timely fashion. I agree that, when a species has attained a classification where it is no longer threatened or it is no longer endangered, it should come off. So I think we have a lot in com-mon. But I think that the challenge with this amendment is that, without the funding, in order for the Service to do the job that it has to do, it just kind of puts the Service in a box in which we are saying you are not doing a good job and, therefore, we are going to start changing the way in which we proceed. So I, right now, have to oppose this amendment. But as I said, in the policy committee I think that there is room for some of us to come together and to make improvement, but legislating this rider for 1 year at a time on this appropriations bill doesn’t allow us to have the deep, transparent, and open discussion that we need to have to re-solve your issue. So at this time I oppose the amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentlewoman’s comments. If we get additional resources in the future, I would love to make sure that Fish and Wildlife has the resources to make sure they meet their mandates, and they should meet them now. One of the mandates they have is re-view the status of every listed species every 5 years and a corresponding change in the status if it is called for by those reviews. Instead of doing those reviews, in many cases, the Serv-ice chooses to spend the money to list more species. If the government isn’t willing to shoulder the responsibilities that come with listing species under the ESA, perhaps it shouldn’t be listing those species in the first place. So I think they need to meet their obligations under the law. I certainly support this amendment, and I encourage Members to support the amendment and vote for it. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for that state-ment. I will say to the gentlewoman from Minnesota that I would love to work with her on this. I know that, in the Natural Resources Committee, we are going to be looking at some of the dif-ferent facets of the Endangered Species Act, and I hope we can continue this dialogue. This amendment seeks to make the agency comply with the law. That pro-vision is in there for a reason, so let’s enforce what Congress, in its wisdom, put into the law many years ago. Mr. Chairman, I ask for support of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 68 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 68 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or en-force the threatened species listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse is a tiny rodent with a body approximately 3 inches long, a 4- to 6-inch-long tail, and large hind feet adapted for jumping. This largely noc-turnal mouse lives primarily in streamside ecosystems along the foot-hills of southeastern Wyoming south to Colorado Springs, in my district, along the eastern ridge of the Front Range of Colorado. To evade predators, the mouse can jump, like a miniature kangaroo, up to 18 inches high. In 1998, it leaped onto the Endangered Species list, a move that has hindered development from Colorado Springs, Colorado, to Wyo-ming. Among projects that have been af-fected: the Jeffco Parkway southeast of Rocky Flats, an expansion of Chatfield Reservoir, and housing developments in El Paso County along tributaries of Monument Creek. Builders, land-owners, and local governments in af-fected areas have incurred hundreds of millions of dollars in added costs be-cause of this mouse. Protecting the Preble’s mouse has even been placed ahead of protecting human life and property. On September 11, 2013, Colorado expe-rienced a major flood event that dam-aged or destroyed thousands of homes, important infrastructure, and public works projects. As a result of the Preble’s mouse being listed as an en-dangered species, many restoration projects were delayed as Colorado sought a waiver. In fact, FEMA was so concerned that they sent out a notice that stated: ‘‘Legally required review may cause some delay in projects un-dertaken in the Preble’s mouse habi-tat.’’ It went on to warn that ‘‘local of-ficials who proceed with projects with-out adhering to environmental laws risk fine and could lose Federal fund-ing for their projects.’’ While a waiver was essentially grant-ed, the scientific evidence simply does not justify these delays or the millions of dollars in taxpayer money that go toward protecting a mouse that is ac-tually part of a larger group that roams throughout half of the North American continent. Scientific studies have concluded that the Preble’s mouse does not war-rant protection because it isn’t a sub-species at all and is actually related to the Bear Lodge jumping mouse. Even the scientist that originally classified this mouse as a subspecies has since re-canted his work and agrees that the Preble’s mouse subspecies designation is no longer defensible. Moreover, the Preble’s mouse has a low conservation parity score. What that means is that hundreds of millions of dollars have already been spent on protection efforts that could have and should have been spent on other more sensitive species. My amendment would correct this in-justice that has been caused by the in-accurate listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse. It would refocus U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service’s efforts on species that have been thoroughly sci-entifically vetted and that should be managed by the Endangered Species Act. This exact amendment was added to the fiscal year ’16 Interior Appropria-tions bill by voice vote and was added to the fiscal year ’17 bill by a bipar-tisan rollcall vote. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment for a third time. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. b2330 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, clearly, what this amendment does— and it is different from the other amendment—is prohibit the Fish and Wildlife Service from implementing or enforcing the threatened species listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse under the Endangered Species Act. It full-out restricts the Service from of-fering any critical protections to pre-serve the species. Once a species like this is listed under the Endangered Species Act, the role of the Fish and Wildlife Service is fairly permissive. They can help par-ties comply with the act as they carry out their other activities. The Service right now is reviewing and considering all the comments that they received during the public com-ment period, and a draft recovery plan is being worked through to develop a final recovery plan. But with this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.229 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7180 September 7, 2017 
amendment, the Service would not be able to continue to recover the species. All the Endangered Species Act prohi-bitions would still apply. So, in other words, we would stop them from moving forward, but they would still be under jurisdiction to comply. They wouldn’t be able to com-ply by working with agencies and land developers and landowners to provide the ESA compliance. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service would be barred from issuing permits or from offering exemptions. That means landowners, industry, and other parties who might need to take the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse inci-dental to otherwise lawful activities, such as urban development, are vulner-able to third-party lawsuits. Another limitation that the Service would have would be undertaking the required status reviews of subspecies or initiating any rulemaking or downlisting or delisting species. So now we are talking about deep dives into what the U.S. Fish and Wild-life may or may not be impacted by doing or helping landowners or devel-opers on an appropriations bill. Quite frankly, as I have been saying all night—and I understand people have the right to come here with these amendments—the Service has a respon-sibility to implement the Endangered Species Act. They are charged with ful-filling their legal requirements. When they don’t fulfill their legal require-ments, it makes them more vulnerable to lawsuits, which I know is not the goal of the author of this amendment, Mr. Chair. But when there are lawsuits incurred, it creates more costs for American taxpayers. The gentleman’s amendment would just undermine the Service’s ability to work collaboratively with States and local communities. It opens the Serv-ice up for lawsuits and it would create even more uncertainty for landowners and make them vulnerable, as I said, to lawsuits. I think we should be working to sup-port the Fish and Wildlife efforts, not blocking the agency from doing its job and going back to what we discussed earlier, that is working through the committees of authorization, and then the authorizing committees having conversations with the Appropriations Committee on how they can achieve their goals, this being one of them. Because of those reasons, I do not support this amendment. I thank the gentleman for bringing this forward, but at this time I cannot support it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ) to weigh in on this issue. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I wanted to jump up and support this amendment. Obviously, the agency has not leaped fast enough and problems persist. So I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, and I know it will squeak by with a large margin. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I will conclude by saying there is one other sort of a temporary element in this whole episode. And that is when you go from Colorado into Wyoming, the mouse is no longer threatened or en-dangered. There is a political boundary line between the two States. In its wisdom, the Fish and Wildlife Service says that if you go north far enough across the State line, it is no longer threatened or endangered. There is an element of arbitrariness that I think also calls into question why this was ever done in the first place. Mr. Chairman, I would ask support for this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). The amendment was agreed to. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
AM-
BORN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. B
ERGMAN , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropria-tions for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. G
ARRETT (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today. 
f 
SENATE BILLS AND CONCURRENT RESOLUTION REFERRED Bills and a concurrent resolution of the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 597. An act to increase Federal Pell Grants for the children of fallen public safe-ty officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the workforce; in addition, to the Committee on the Judici-ary; and to the Committee on the Budget for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. S. 652. An act to amend the Public Health Services Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment re-garding deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. S. 849. An act to support programs for mos-quito-borne and other vector-borne disease surveillance and control; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. S. 1165. An act to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. S. Con. Res. 23. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the Filipino Veterans of World War II; to the Committee on House Administration. f ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 624. An act to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on Federal documents sent by mail, and for other pur-poses. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1616. An act to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Bob Dole, in recognition for his service to the nation as a soldier, legis-lator, and statesman. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 11 o’clock and 37 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, September 8, 2017, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2397. A letter from the Acting Chairman, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Twenty-fourth Report to Congress on Progress Made in Licensing and Constructing the Alaska Natural Gas Pipe-line, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 16523; Public Law 109-58, Sec. 1810; (119 Stat. 1126); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 2398. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting a Declaration of a Public Health Emergency and Waiver and/or Modification of Certain HIPAA, and Medicare, Medicaid, and Children’s Health Insurance Program Requirements, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 247d(a); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 319(a) (as amended by Public Law 107-188, Sec. 144(a)); (116 Stat. 630) and 42 U.S.C. 1320b-5(d); Public Law 107-188, Sec. 143; (116 Stat. 628); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2399. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel for Operations, Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, transmitting a notification of a federal vacancy, nomina-tion, and action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 2400. A letter from the Archivist of the U.S., National Archives and Records Admin-istration, transmitting the Administration’s FY 2017 Commercial and Inherently Govern-mental Activities Inventory, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 105-270, Sec. 2(c)(1)(A); (112 Stat. 2382); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07SE7.232 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7181 September 7, 2017 
2401. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Office of the Gen-eral Counsel, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, transmitting four notices for a dis-continuation of service in an acting role and a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 2402. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, Maritime Administration, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting a notification of a designation of acting offi-cer, and action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 2403. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulation; Washburn Board Across the Bay, Lake Supe-rior; Chequamegon Bay, WI [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0169] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2404. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone: Venge-ance Sunken Barge, San Francisco, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0310] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2405. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Verdi-gris River, Catoosa, OK [Docket No.: USCG- 2017-0514] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received Sep-tember 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2406. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Cerritos Channel, Long Beach, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0473] (RIN: 1625- AA09) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2407. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone: City of Benicia Independence Day Fireworks Dis-play, Benicia, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2017- 0323] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2408. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Anchorage Grounds; Lower Mississippi River below Baton Rouge, LA, in-cluding South and Southwest Passes; New Orleans, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0991] (RIN: 1625-AA01) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2409. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; City of Valdez July 4th Fireworks, Port Valdez; Valdez, AK [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0092] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2410. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Pacific Ocean, Mamala Bay, Oahu, Hawaii — Hokulea Arrival [Docket No.: USCG-2017- 0421] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2411. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; City of Oswego Independence Day Cele-bration; Lake Ontario, Oswego, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0324] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 3326. A bill to increase ac-countability, combat corruption, and strengthen management effectiveness at the World Bank; with an amendment (Rept. 115– 298). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 509. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 601) to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and im-proved learning outcomes, to eliminate du-plication and waste, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–299). Referred to the House Cal-endar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. TONKO (for himself and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 3692. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for additional flexibility with respect to medication-as-sisted treatment for opioid use disorders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 3693. A bill to repeal the debt ceiling; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BANKS of Indiana: H.R. 3694. A bill to provide for an inde-pendent assessment of the future of coopera-tive threat reduction; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. COFFMAN ): H.R. 3695. A bill to provide for the con-fidentiality of information submitted in re-quests for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. R USH, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , and Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York): H.R. 3696. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to award grants to estab-lish, or expand upon, master’s degree pro-grams in orthotics and prosthetics, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mrs. COMSTOCK (for herself, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. L ABRADOR , and Mr. G
OODLATTE ): H.R. 3697. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act with respect to aliens associated with criminal gangs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for him-self and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 3698. A bill to amend the Federal Crop Insurance Act to limit the overall rate of re-turn for crop insurance providers and remove the requirement of budget neutrality in the Standard Reinsurance Agreement; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Ms. L EE, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. E
VANS , and Ms. A DAMS ): H.R. 3699. A bill to promote and enhance urban agricultural production and agricul-tural research in urban areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. KIND (for himself and Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 3700. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend qualified zone academy bonds for 4 years and to reduce the private business contribution requirement with respect to such bonds; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R USH, Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C LAY, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. E
VANS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. W
ILSON of Flor-ida): H.R. 3701. A bill to remove all statues of in-dividuals who voluntarily served the Confed-erate States of America from display in the Capitol of the United States; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. R
USH): H.R. 3702. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide incentives for the expansion of manufacturing in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07SE7.000 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7182 September 7, 2017 
United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 3703. A bill to prohibit the employ-ment of school bus drivers with serious mov-ing violations; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. PALLONE (for himself and Mr. R
UIZ): H.R. 3704. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve behavioral health outcomes for American Indians and Alaskan Natives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Nat-ural Resources, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. PINGREE: H.R. 3705. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to require the use of cer-tified mail and plain language in certain debt collection activities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself and Mr. P
AL-
LONE ): H.R. 3706. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve the public health system in tribal communities and in-crease the number of American Indians and Alaska Natives pursuing health careers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Ms. SA´NCHEZ (for herself, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, and Mr. K IL-
MER): H.R. 3707. A bill to establish a tax credit for on-site apprenticeship programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself and Mr. P
OLIS): H.R. 3708. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come de minimus gains from certain sales or exchanges of virtual currency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland): H.R. 3709. A bill to provide greater access to higher education for America’s students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. E VANS , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. K
HANNA ): H.R. 3710. A bill to reauthorize appropria-tions for the Jacob K. Javits Fellowship Pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. B
RAT, Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. T
AYLOR , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. W
ITTMAN ): H.J. Res. 117. A joint resolution con-demning the violence and domestic terrorist attack that took place during events be-tween August 11 and August 12, 2017, in Char-lottesville, Virginia, recognizing the first re-sponders who lost their lives while moni-toring the events, offering deepest condo-lences to the families and friends of those in-dividuals who were killed and deepest sym-pathies and suppport to those individuals who were injured in the attack, expressing support for the Charlottesville community, rejecting White nationalists, White suprema-cists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and other hate groups, and urging the President and the President’s Cabinet to use all available resources to address the threats posed by those groups; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H. Res. 508. A resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1084) to address slow economic growth and spur investment and development in underserved commu-nities across America; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself, Ms. BORDALLO , Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. T
URNER ): H. Res. 510. A resolution commemorating the 70th anniversary of the establishment of the Air Force as an independent military service and celebrating the Air Force for 70 years of serving and defending the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 3692. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 3693. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion under the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. BANKS of Indiana: H.R. 3694. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 12 ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to raise and support armies’’ By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 3695. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 3696. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 3697. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 4 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution—The Congress shall have Power to establish a uniform Rule of Natu-ralization, and uniform Laws on the subject Bankruptcies throughout the United States. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 3698. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8—this bill regulates Commerce among the several states. Amendment V—the bill assures that citi-zens’ liberty and property (their businesses and livelihood) are not deprived, that the government does not take property (market share, potential for profit and livelihood) without just compensation. By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 3699. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 3700. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall orginate in the House of Representatives’’ By Ms. LEE: H.R. 3701. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 3702. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 3703. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 3704. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8; Article I of the Con-stitution By Ms. PINGREE: H.R. 3705. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of the US Constitu-tion By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 3706. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Ms. SA´NCHEZ: H.R. 3707. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7 By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: H.R. 3708. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’); Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 (‘‘To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07SE7.100 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7183 September 7, 2017 
foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures’’); and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’). By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 3709. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 3710. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . By Mr. GARRETT: H.J. Res. 117. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, U.S. Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 15: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 36: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 168: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. E
VANS , and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 173: Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 299: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 486: Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 496: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L
OBIONDO , and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 525: Mr. B
YRNE and Mr. E STES of Kan- sas. H.R. 545: Mr. E
STES of Kansas and Mr. C AR-
TERof Georgia. H.R. 548: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 559: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 643: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 762: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 771: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI and Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 807: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 812: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 820: Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. T IBERI , and Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 866: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 947: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 991: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1057: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 1148: Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. D
ENT, and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1243: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 1261: Mr. B
YRNE and Mr. S AMJOHNSON  of Texas. H.R. 1276: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 1322: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1334: Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 1406: Mr. B
EYER and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1413: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 1456: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1457: Mr. R
OTHFUS and Mr. L UCAS . H.R. 1468: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 1472: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 1516: Mr. S
ERRANO and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1528: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1556: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1566: Mr. Y
ARMUTH and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 1606: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 1639: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1661: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 1664: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 1676: Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. H IMES, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Mr. F OSTER , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. B ERA, and Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1739: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 1749: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 1796: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio and Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1810: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota and Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1847: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 1861: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 1864: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1865: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1874: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1896: Mr. V
ALADAO and Mr. R UTHER -
FORD . H.R. 1897: Mr. V
ALADAO and Mr. R UTHER -
FORD . H.R. 1898: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 2029: Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 2133: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. D
ESANTIS , and Mr. C ARTER of Texas. H.R. 2142: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 2148: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 2197: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2285: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 2287: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 2290: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 2306: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 2310: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 2323: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 2359: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 2401: Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2434: Mr. C
LEAVER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 2450: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 2482: Mr. S
TIVERS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. V EASEY , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. C LAY, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. S OTO, Mr. H ECK, Ms. H
ANABUSA , and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 2544: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2556: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2661: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 2679: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 2723: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mr. T HORN -
BERRY . H.R. 2740: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 2788: Ms. D
EGETTE and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H.R. 2821: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.R. 2851: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 2890: Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 2901: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 2907: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 2926: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2933: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 2954: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 2974: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 2995: Mr. B
EYER , Ms. R OSEN , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. P
OLIS, and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 3032: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 3039: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 3051: Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 3052: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 3214: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 3223: Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. Y
OHO, and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 3271: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 3274: Ms. T
ITUS and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 3282: Mr. H
UIZENGA . H.R. 3312: Mr. T
IPTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. H OL-
LINGSWORTH . H.R. 3314: Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3325: Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. H
ECK, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr, C OFFMAN , Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. K
ILMER , and Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 3334: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 3394: Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 3395: Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. S
HUSTER , and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 3440: Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. K IND, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. C RIST, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York. H.R. 3447: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 3458: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 3459: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 3493: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 3497: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. L
ATTA , and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 3507: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3536: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 3576: Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. L AMALFA , and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 3591: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 3635: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 3640: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 3668: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 3684: Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.J. Res. 115: Mr. C
OHEN . H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H. Con. Res. 77: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H. Res. 128: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H. Res. 220: Mr. D
OGGETT , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H. Res. 244: Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. K IHUEN , and Ms. N
ORTON . H. Res. 257: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. F ASO, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Ms. T
ENNEY , and Ms. R OSEN . H. Res. 274: Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H. Res. 276: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H. Res. 401: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H. Res. 436: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H. Res. 486: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. G ARRETT . H. Res. 488: Mr. E
LLISON . H. Res. 490: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. H
URD. H. Res. 496: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia and Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H. Res. 507: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:13 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE7.066 H07SEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5023 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 2017 No. 144 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable B
EN S
ASSE, a Senator from the State of Ne-braska. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, the Lord of the Harvest, we acknowledge that only by Your might can we live productive lives. Inspire our lawmakers in their daily work to labor for Your glory. Give them the desire to please You even with their motives so that their thoughts, words, and deeds will honor You. Keep them from avoiding irksome and unpleasant issues, as they arrange their priorities to accomplish Your purposes. Lord, guide them in the paths of jus-tice and cooperation as understanding and forbearance prevail among them. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, September 7, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable B
ENSASSE, a Senator from the State of Nebraska, to perform the duties of the Chair. ORRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. SASSE thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). The majority leader is rec-ognized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S.J. RES. 49 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a joint resolution at the desk that is due a second read-ing. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the joint resolution by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 49) con-demning the violence and domestic terrorist attack that took place during events be-tween August 11 and August 12, 2017, in Char-lottesville, Virginia, recognizing the first re-sponders who lost their lives while moni-toring the events, offering deepest condo-lences to the families and friends of those in-dividuals who were killed and deepest sym-pathies and support to those individuals who were injured by the violence, expressing sup-port for the Charlottesville community, re-jecting White nationalists, White suprema-cists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and other hate groups, and urging the President and the President’s Cabinet to use all available resources to address the threats posed by those groups. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the joint resolution on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the joint reso-lution will be placed on the calendar. HURRICANE HARVEY DISASTER RELIEF, FUNDING THE GOVERN-MENT, AND PREVENTING A DE-FAULT Mr. MCCONNELL. Now, Mr. Presi-dent, at the outset of the week, I out-lined three issues we needed to address immediately: provide resources for Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma preparedness, ensure that the govern-ment remains funded, and ensure that a default is prevented so the emergency resources I mentioned can actually get to Americans who need them. That is what the legislation I filed cloture on yesterday achieves, and it achieves it all together in one package. It will provide certainty and stability for first responders, State officials, and the many others involved in preparing for and recovering from these storms with critically needed emergency re-sources that will not be interrupted by the prospect of a shutdown or default. The recovery effort for a record-set-ting storm like Harvey has strained re-sources to the limit already. The ad-vance of another historic storm now makes the need for action even more urgent, so let’s work together and act on this legislation very quickly. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, until 11 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.000 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5024 September 7, 2017 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to amend my previous consent request that it will be debate only, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each until 11 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will now be in a period of morning business until 11 a.m. for debate only, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT JOSEPH LEON GEORGE SHOULD BE HONORED FOR HEROISM AT PEARL HAR-BOR, HAWAII, ON DECEMBER 7, 1941 Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, last month I spoke here about an amazing story I was told when I had the oppor-tunity to host several veterans who survived the sinking of the USS Ari-zona during the attack on Pearl Har-bor. They recalled to me the incredible story of a true American hero named Joe George, and I would like to briefly remind everyone of that story now. On December 7, 1941, Joe was a 26- year-old boatswain’s mate second class aboard the repair ship USS Vestal in Pearl Harbor, HI. That morning, the Vestal was moored alongside the USS Arizona. At 7:48 a.m., many sailors, including Joe, had just finished their breakfast when the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service attacked Pearl Harbor. As we know, the Arizona suffered a direct hit by a Japanese bomb that det-onated in the ship’s powder magazine. The resulting explosion sank the ship and claimed the lives of 1,177 service-men. During this unimaginable chaos and carnage, Joe George displayed stunning composure and courage. Joe spotted six sailors trapped in the control tower of the sinking USS Arizona. These men were severely burned and were search-ing for a way to safety. Those six wounded sailors were Sea-man First Class Harold Kuhn, Seaman First Class Russell Lott, Gunner’s Mate Third Class Earl Riner, Boat-swain’s Mate Second Class Alvin Dvork, Seaman First Class Donald Stratton, and Fire Controlman Third Class Lauren Bruner. Upon seeing these men, Joe threw a heaving line between the Vestal and the Arizona to rescue the wounded soldiers from the sinking ship. Suspended 40 feet in the air, the six sailors climbed 70 feet hand-over-hand across the rope to safety on board the Vestal. These sailors did all this while enduring inju-ries so severe that two would succumb to their wounds in the weeks following the attack. As they struggled across the heavy line, Joe George remained close by, all the while encouraging the men to push on. The four soldiers who survived their injuries each returned to serve with honor during World War II, and then went on to live long lives. Joe George’s legacy of heroism will remain alive for-ever in the children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren of the four sailors who survived that infamous day thanks to Joe George’s incredible bravery and service. Joe George was never awarded a medal for his role in the rescue of these six sailors, although his commanding officer commended his courageous ac-tions. When I met one of the Arizona sur-vivors who was rescued by Joe, he told me: 
Joe George was never awarded anything for his bravery. He is no longer with us, but I believe in his memory he should be awarded the Navy Cross. 
Lauren Bruner was another survivor Joe saved. He said to me: 
The six of us would not have survived ex-cept for his courage, in spite of being at high risk himself. He fully deserves high com-mendations for his actions. I feel he should be recognized for this courage and presented the Navy Cross. 
In his own words during an interview in 1978, Joe said: 
I’ll tell you, the only thing I could tell you about that day. . . . My conscience was my guide. 
Well, his conscience was that of a hero. We need more people like Joe George in this world. That is why today I am committed to honoring Joe and why I rise today with the honor and privilege to call for unanimous consent in the adoption of a resolution honoring Joseph Leon George. Joe passed away in 1996, and it is long overdue that the Senate, the U.S. Navy, and a grateful nation honor the heroism of Boatswain’s Mate Second Class Joseph Leon George. God bless Joe George, whose im-mense courage and astounding composure serves as an example for the men and women in uniform who follow in his wake. Let us never forget their heroism and sacrifice. I would like to thank my colleagues Senators G
ARDNER , L EE, C OTTON , M
CCASKILL , and B ENNET for joining me in this resolution and for helping to en-sure its adoption here today. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Armed Services Com-mittee be discharged from further con-sideration of and the Senate now pro-ceed to the consideration of S. Res. 243. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 243) expressing the sense of the Senate that Joseph Leon George should be honored for heroism at Pearl Har-bor, Hawaii, on December 7, 1941. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 243) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of August 2, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. FLAKE. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I yield back, and I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HURRICANE IRMA Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I am here to give a report on behalf of Flor-ida to the Senate. Senator R
UBIO and I were there all day yesterday in Miami and in other parts of South Florida, and we are preparing for what will be another Andrew. Andrew was thought to be a category 4, but it actually was a category 5, with winds in excess of 155 miles per hour. Likewise, that is what we have now. I see the leader has come in. I will speak for just a few minutes, then, giving an update. There are a number of things. I be-lieve the Federal Government is pre-pared, unlike we were 25 years ago with Hurricane Andrew. The Federal Government is certainly prepositioning supplies, but look at the situation with regard to FEMA. FEMA is stretched, and of all things, FEMA runs out of money unless we act by to-morrow. Thus, I left Florida in the middle of the night to come back to make sure that it has my stamp of imprimatur on this legislation. I am very glad that the majority leader has agreed to double the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.001 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5025 September 7, 2017 
amount, basically $7.5 billion for FEMA and another $7.5 billion for CDBG’s, or community development block grants, both of which would be for natural disasters. Because of that, it gives the flexibility to FEMA that some of the money will be used in case Irma hits Florida. But there is also the fact that Irma has already devastated our fellow U.S. citizens in the Virgin Islands, as well as Puerto Rico. So as to this package, it is essential that we pass this legislation and pass it quick-ly, and especially pass it before tomor-row. There are some needs that need to be called to the attention of FEMA. I have emailed yesterday to the Adminis-trator of FEMA Brock Long. People are trying to get out, but they are stuck on the roads, and now they are running out of gasoline. Looking at the pictures on anything going north out of Florida, the roads are jammed. The interstates and the turnpike are jammed. The phenomenon that is occurring is that people need gasoline and they are running out on the road, which adds all the more to the chaos. They are going to the gaso-line stations and the gas stations are running out of gasoline. So I made an urgent plea yesterday, and I would make that to FEMA again, that we get gasoline into the State of Florida and down into the peninsula, so as the evacuation orders come along the coast, as the hurricane gets closer and closer, people will be able to flee. This is an unusual one. Usually, we will see the tracks from the National Hurricane Center move around. Basi-cally, the track of what is expected from the National Hurricane Center has stayed fairly steady for last 36 hours. We will get our next update at 11 this morning, but it will hit South Florida somewhere in the Miami area, and it will go right up the coast. It will go on up the coast of Georgia, South Caro-lina, and into North Carolina. That is a massive population along the eastern seaboard of the United States. Finally, I would state that, as we consider this package, which I think we will pass, I want the Senate to be forewarned that this $15 billion pack-age is only temporary. It will probably only take us through mid-October, at the most. With the massive number of requirements in Texas, and add to that at least that much, if not more, for the eastern seaboard, particularly with not only water damage but wind damage that is being done and the destruction of the residences and people being homeless, what we have seen in Texas, unfortunately, with the terrible things that have happened there, that could almost be so overwhelmed by what could happen in Florida. I urge the Senate—I implore the Sen-ate, and I beg the Senate—to pass this package while recognizing that there is going to have to be a lot more to come. Finally, congratulations to the mi-nority leader, the Democratic leader. I think of him as the majority leader. My congratulations to him. He is a consummate dealmaker, and I say that in the best sense of the word because, absolutely, that is what the American people want us to do. They want us to get together in a bipartisan way to get things done—to build bipartisan con-sensus to get results. Senator S
CHU-
MER, the Democratic leader, has done that, and he has done it with flying colors. I yield the floor. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
THANKING THE SENATOR FROM FLORIDA Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, let me thank my friend from Florida for his kind words. During these troubled times in the State of Florida—and we hope and pray that Irma will not do too much dam-age, although signs point in the other direction—the people of Florida could not have a stronger, more effective, more compassionate advocate than the Senator from Florida, Mr. N
ELSON . He knows how to get things done, and he knows how to inform people about what is going on. He is able to reach across the aisle, in a bipartisan way, to help in all times but, particularly, in times of need. The people of Florida are lucky to have him as their Senator, particularly at this moment, I would say to my dear friend B
ILLNELSON . 
f 
HURRICANE HARVEY DISASTER RELIEF, THE DEBT CEILING, AND FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, yes-terday, the congressional leadership and the President reached a bipartisan deal on three crucial issues: short-term aid for the victims of Hurricane Har-vey, the debt ceiling, and government funding. Alongside the aid package for Texas and Louisiana, the Senate will take up and pass an extension of government funding and the debt ceiling, both to December 15, although that may be modified to December 8, as I under-stand it. We all agreed to work to-gether to avoid a default in December as well. This is a good agreement for the American people, and everyone should breathe a huge sigh of relief. This agreement takes the threat of a shut-down and default off the table this month and will help us quickly get re-sources to FEMA and other agencies that are helping with rescue and recov-ery in the wake of Harvey and that will, in all likelihood, be needed in the wake of Irma as well. The Nation has been clamoring for bipartisanship—for the two parties to work together to do the country’s busi-ness—rather than to engage in needless brinksmanship. Yesterday’s agreement was a ray of hope for both parties com-ing together on the big issues. Also, let it be a ray of hope that both parties can come together to help the Dream-ers. We Democrats have said from the very beginning of this Congress that we are willing to work with our Repub-lican colleagues and the President for the good of the country so long as we do not sacrifice our principles. We have never been for obstruction for obstruc-tion’s sake, and we will never be for that. This agreement is a reminder that we do not always have to wait until the eleventh hour—risking shut-down, risking default—in order to com-promise and do the right thing. Impor-tantly, this agreement gives Congress a way forward on what are some of the thorniest issues this month, allowing us to move to other vital work. The 3-month agreement is a com-promise. In the past, so many of our colleagues have said: ‘‘If the other party is President, we are not going to do anything to help.’’ We did not want to say that. We did not want to say: ‘‘It is all on you.’’ We wanted to com-promise. A compromise is just that— not dictating what should happen but working together. I give the President credit for understanding that in the Oval Office when Leader PELOSI and I made the compromise suggestion. I thank him for it. 
f 
DREAM ACT AND OTHER WORK BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, since President Trump’s decision to end DACA on Tuesday, it is absolutely nec-essary that Congress move forward to pass a clean Dream Act while 800,000 Dreamers anxiously await action by this Congress. There is no reason to wait. Let’s put a clean Dream Act on the floor, which I believe would pass by a significant margin, and tell these hard-working Dreamers that they be-long in this country, too—the country they want to be part of desperately. If the majority leader and Speaker do not offer a clean Dream Act, we Democrats will find other legislative vehicles to attach it to until it passes. Let me say this. I spoke once again to the President this morning. He called and said that he wanted to help with the Dream Act. There are many ways to help, and here are two. One is to persuade other Republican Senators to cosponsor the bill that has been in-troduced by Senators D
URBIN and G RA-
HAM. We now have four Republican co-sponsors, and we need more. There are many in the Senate who seem to be sympathetic to the Dream Act. Maybe the President can help them get to co-sponsor. The second is to urge my friend, the Republican leader from Kentucky, and the Speaker of the House, Mr. R
YAN, to put the Dream Act on the floor ASAP. We can get this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.003 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5026 September 7, 2017 
done and get it done quickly. We can end the anguish of so many Americans and make sure that our economy con-tinues to move forward so that it is not needlessly ripped apart. There is other work that we have to do in healthcare to shore up the mar-ketplaces, particularly by guaran-teeing the cost reduction programs. Discussions in the HELP Committee between my good friend, Chairman A
LEXANDER , and our great ranking member, P
ATTY MURRAY , are pro-ceeding in a bipartisan way in, perhaps, the new spirit of the moment—maybe longer than a moment, we hope and pray. I am hopeful that the full Senate, this month, will be able to take up and consider bipartisan legislation that emerges from the committee in order to stabilize and improve our healthcare system. In a similar vein, we must consider a multiyear reauthorization of CHIP, the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Chairman H
ATCH and Ranking Member W
YDEN —again, in a bipartisan action— are having a hearing on CHIP today in the Finance Committee, and that should be another matter of immediate priority for this Senate. Of course, as the people of Florida brace for Hurricane Irma, and the peo-ple of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands have gone through it now, the Senate must be prepared to quickly re-spond to that storm just as we are doing with Harvey. We also have to take into account some of the other disasters that are occurring in States like Washington, Oregon, California, and Montana. Wildfires are raging out of control. They, too, will need disaster assistance. Because of the immediate and strong impact of Harvey and, it seems, Irma, we should not forget that our friends in the West will need dis-aster relief and will need it soon as well. The deal we reached with Republican leaders and President Trump yesterday will allow Congress to work on all of these important items this month and in the following months without there being a looming specter of a shutdown or default on our debt. It should help to bring both sides together to, ulti-mately, get another deal on sequester relief, lower healthcare premiums, the Dreamers, and many other items in De-cember. That is good for this Congress, and that is good for the American peo-ple—a ray of hope, as I said. The majority leader has already filed cloture on this package. I hope that we can proceed quickly—hopefully, today—to ensure its passage. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
f 
DACA Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I take this time to share with my colleagues a meeting that I had last Thursday in Montgomery County, MD, with CASA de Maryland. We put together a round-table discussion to talk about immi-gration and the need for immigration reform and the concerns we had about the current status of people who are concerned about what is happening with immigration enforcement. That was before the President had made his announcement on terminating the DACA Program, which is the program that provides relief for the Dreamers— those who have been in this country for a long period of time and know only America as their home. I must tell you that, at that discus-sion I had last Thursday in Mont-gomery County, MD, the fear of uncer-tainty was clear to me. I talked to many families who were concerned about how the Trump administration was enforcing our current laws, what would be the resolution of the tem-porary protective status, TPS, under which people are here legally, and I had a chance to see firsthand some of the Dreamers who are here under the pro-tection of the DACA Program. It was very clear to me that what the people in that meeting were looking for was leadership in Washington that rec-ognized that it is in our national inter-est for us to provide the type of legal protection to these individuals who have made America their home—who took the risk to come here for a better life for their families. These individuals came to this coun-try—the Dreamers, who are the chil-dren, particularly—when they came with their parents. It was the parents’ decision to try to find a better life for their children. They know only Amer-ica as their country. They do not know the countries from which they have come. America is their own home. They have helped to build this great Nation. They have attended our schools. They have joined our military. They have joined our workforce. They are, truly, the future of America. The DACA Program, which recently celebrated its fifth anniversary, pro-vided protection for these Dreamers against their arbitrary removal. It ap-plied only to those who had come to this country when they were younger than 16 years of age. They had to have been here before January 2007. They had to have gone through a background check to make sure that they had not violated any of our criminal statutes, and they had to have been enrolled in schools or our military. It was really dealing with young people who were in-nocent with regard to any of the viola-tions of our immigration laws. It really dealt with individuals who had come to this country and had been part of America. The DACA Program provided not only protection against their removal but gave them protection in the work-force. They were given documentation so that they could legally work here in the United States and get the protec-tion of our labor laws and not be sub-jected to an underground economy or the abuses in the workforce that we sometimes see among immigrant fami-lies. So 800,000 children have taken ad-vantage of the DACA Program. In my State of Maryland, 10,000 are registered under the DACA Program. Then came President Trump’s deci-sion this past week to terminate the program in 6 months—terminate it now, as far as new DACA registra-tions—but to terminate this program. That immediately created uncertainty and fear for 800,000 individuals in this country and their families. President Trump’s decision is tragic in three ways. First, it has the poten-tial of ripping families apart—800,000 people here in the United States. It creates uncertainty for those who are currently in the DACA Program. It cre-ates fear as to what tomorrow will bring, and it will drive many of these individuals into the shadows, into the underground, into protecting them-selves against the enforcement of re-moval. This decision by President Trump is tragic for a second reason. It will hurt our economy. The numbers in Mary-land I think are somewhere around one-half of $1 billion to our State GDP from the Dreamers alone. The Dreamers are part of our econ-omy. They are adding to our economy. I got a phone call from one of our major employers in Maryland express-ing grave concern about President Trump’s decision and the impact it will have on that company and on our econ-omy. These are individuals who have been trained in our schools, who have gone to our colleges, who have served in our military, and who are now add-ing to the economic strength of Amer-ica through their employment and their innovation. It makes no sense from the point of view of our economy. The third reason the President’s deci-sion is tragic is one that speaks to the strength of America—what makes America the great Nation it is. Yes, we are proud of those who serve in our military. We know that we have the strongest military in the world, and we are very proud of the way our military protects this country and provides global leadership. Yes, we are very proud of our economy and what it pro-duces and the economic growth it pro-vides for the people in this country and its engagement in the global economy. But what really makes America the unique, strong Nation that it is are our values, including what we stand for, our democratic institutions, the fact that we are the beacon of hope for peo-ple all over the world for providing op-portunity. People can come to this country with dreams, and those dreams can become reality. That is what America’s values are about. President Trump’s decision to end the DACA Program runs afoul of the principles that have made America the great Nation it is—a safe haven for those who are seeking refuge from per-secution, a nation that embraces diver-sity and recognizes diversity as our strength. President Trump’s decision to end the DACA Program runs afoul of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.005 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5027 September 7, 2017 
America’s core values. It weakens us as a nation and certainly weakens our ability to lead globally with our values as we present them to the global com-munity. So, as a result of that decision, what do we need to do? Each one of us needs to stand up and be counted, to speak out about America and what makes this Nation the great Nation it is. Then, collectively, we need to take ac-tion to show the American people that we will stand up not just for the Dreamers—and we need to stand up for the Dreamers—but we will also stand up for the values that have made America the great Nation it is. I support S. 1615, a bipartisan bill that has been introduced by Senator D
URBIN and Senator G RAHAM . I thank both of our colleagues for their leader-ship in bringing that bill forward. That bill will provide protection for the Dreamers and for the DACA Program so that Congress can say: No, Mr. President, we do not want to terminate this program. This program is in our national security interests. This pro-gram is why America is the strong Na-tion that it is. It is not only right for 800,000 people; it is right for all people in this country. This body showed great leadership a few years ago when we passed com-prehensive immigration reform. I am for passing comprehensive immigration reform. Let’s take care of and protect the Dreamers, and then let’s work to-gether to pass comprehensive immigra-tion reform that we did just a few years ago that was never taken up in the House of Representatives. Let me close by telling a few stories about Dreamers in Maryland. One story appeared in the Baltimore Sun. It begins: 
Jesus Perez doesn’t remember much about his journey to the United States two decades ago, beyond his parents using a simple phrase that would change the course of his life: ‘‘We’re leaving.’’ Perez was 5 when he left Mexico. He’s never been back. Perez [is] now a 25-year-old research assist-ant at the Johns Hopkins University in Bal-timore. For Perez, the DACA program was a ‘‘re-lief’’ that allowed him to come out of the shadows. It also allowed him to take the job at Hopkins, and to get a standard driver’s li-cense. ‘‘To now have it in limbo means that you either lose it all, and restart all over again—’’ Perez said, trailing off. ‘‘I’m not going to let that happen. We will win in the end.’’ 
I want Mr. Perez to know that we are going to fight here in the U.S. Senate, not just for his ability to remain here in the United States but for what that means for the strength of our country. Our university community in Mary-land has strongly supported the DACA Program. Dr. Loh, president of the Uni-versity of Maryland, College Park, called the decision ‘‘antithetical to the core values’’ of higher education. He vowed in a letter to students and staff to ‘‘continue to identify all avenues available for offering support.’’ Johns Hopkins University President Ron Daniels and Provost Sunil Kumar reaffirmed the university’s support for DACA, saying that Johns Hopkins Uni-versity students directly impacted by the decision will be given the aid they need to complete their degrees. Presi-dent Daniels and Provost Kumar said: ‘‘The decision on DACA will not deter us from working to ensure that all members of our community can par-ticipate fully in our mission—the pur-suit of excellence in education, dis-covery and service to the world.’’ As President Loh and President Dan-iels fight on behalf of the DACA chil-dren, we need to also let the American people know that we are going to fight for what makes this Nation the great Nation that it is. The Baltimore Sun also told the story of Monica Perez, who is one of dozens of Dreamers from Maryland who rallied near the White House on Tues-day to protest the decision. The 23- year-old Baltimore woman came to the United States from Mexico when she was 7 years old. Ms. Perez said DACA ‘‘gave us the opportunity to feel safe. We’ve already been in the shadows for so long.’’ Ms. Perez works for CASA de Maryland. ‘‘I’m just scared for my parents, for myself, and for my whole community.’’ Mr. President, let us do the right thing and immediately extend the DACA Program. These are not 800,000 faceless individuals. I urge all of my colleagues to get to know the Dream-ers and to understand their life story. It is heart-wrenching—the courage that they have shown, the obstacles they have overcome. Let’s not put ob-stacles in their way. Let’s allow their dreams to be able to come true. Let’s stand up and be counted and fight for the Dreamers. Let’s work together to protect their status, and then let’s work together to fix our broken immi-gration system. That is our responsi-bility. This is our opportunity. Let’s work together to get this done. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING BUSINESS Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that morning busi-ness, for debate only, be extended until 11:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DACA Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise today as a proud Michigander, Amer-ican, and the son of an immigrant. My mother Madeleine grew up in France and met my father Herb when he was serving overseas during World War II. They fell in love, were married, and she had the opportunity to immigrate to the United States where she started a new life with my dad and was proud to become a new citizen of the United States of America. She worked hard as a nurse’s aide and a union steward, and she provided inspiration and opportunity for me and my sisters. And, because the Detroit Tigers don’t have a game on TV at this moment, I hope that she is home in Rochester watching me speak right now. My mother’s American experience in-forms my views on the nearly 7,000 Michiganders who have benefited from the protection of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, known as DACA. Let’s look at the facts. The young men and women known as Dreamers and who are helped by DACA are stu-dents, serve in the military, launch new businesses, create jobs, and boost economic growth. These Dreamers did not choose to come to this country; they were brought here by their par-ents. They have no meaningful connec-tions to the foreign countries they left as children and often don’t even speak the language. They know no home other than the United States of Amer-ica, and they were raised as Americans. They have passed extensive back-ground checks, paid fines, and continue to pay taxes, which reduces our budget deficit. They pay into Social Security, which increases its solvency for all Americans. According to the CATO Institute, de-porting the more than 700,000 DACA participants would cost—yes, cost—the Federal Government over $60 billion and reduce economic growth in this country by $280 billion over the next decade. Rescinding DACA is not just cruel and unfair, it is a terrible economic policy and a bad deal for the American taxpayer. Numbers can only say so much, so I often tell the story of a fellow Michi-gander, Ola Kaso. Ola is pictured right here. Ola’s family came to the United States legally but unsuccessfully seek-ing asylum in 1998. Ola was only 5 years old when she came to America. After 13 years in the country—13 years—the government attempted to deport her and her mother back to Albania, just weeks before she was set to graduate from high school. Backed by the sup-port of fellow Michiganders, Ola’s fam-ily was granted a stay of the deporta-tion. I am proud to report that Ola ulti-mately graduated as the valedictorian of her high school class. She recently graduated from the University of Michigan and plans to attend medical school. She is a beneficiary of the DACA Program. Our Nation is facing a doctor short-age—especially in rural areas—and this young woman wants to dedicate her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.006 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5028 September 7, 2017 
life to caring for others. Deporting Ola makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. As a country that seeks the best and brightest, we should not spend tax-payer dollars to deport contributing members of our society, especially when they were brought here through no fault of their own and when they voluntarily came out of the shadows through DACA. Let me be clear. I strongly disagree with President Trump’s decision to re-scind the DACA Program. Congress must provide leadership and help these young people who are giving back to our country. We must provide them with the certainty they deserve and take a positive step forward toward re-forming our broken immigration sys-tem. We must move beyond the politics of scarcity and division. The Dreamers are not taking away limited American jobs; they are cre-ating new jobs and growing our econ-omy. They are creating jobs with their own small businesses, helping Amer-ican entrepreneurs grow their compa-nies as they expand in their commu-nities, and fighting to keep us safe as members of the U.S. Armed Forces. Our Nation needs more innovators, doers, and dreamers, not fewer. I will fight for Ola and all of the Dreamers who make this country bet-ter, stronger, and more prosperous for all Americans—not just because it is good for our bottom line but because it is simply the right thing to do. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HURRICANES HARVEY AND IRMA Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, for better or worse, history repeats itself— sometimes much sooner than we would like. We now know that Florida offi-cials, as well as those up the east coast of the United States, have begun order-ing evacuations as Hurricane Irma has intensified into a category 5 storm which could make landfall this week-end. It is my sincere hope that all resi-dents of Florida will be safe, as well as those in other States affected by Irma, and that they take proper precautions. If there is one thing we learned from Hurricane Harvey, it is the importance of listening to local officials and lead-ers when it comes to evacuations and precautionary measures. But whatever happens, we are going to stand by the people of Florida and the Carolinas and others affected, just as they have stood by us in Texas and Louisiana as a re-sult of Hurricane Harvey. In the mean-time, we pray that Irma’s trajectory changes. Down in Texas, of course, we are still thinking about another hurricane, and that is, of course, Hurricane Harvey. It is hard to believe, but not even 2 weeks have passed since the storm first tore through our towns, great and small. Of course, communities are still reeling from the devastation. One I visited earlier this week is the Meyerland neighborhood in Houston. It has been flooded three times in 3 years. On Monday, I visited the home of a sin-gle mom who survived several recent storms unscathed, but this time, Har-vey found her home and destroyed it. There is a pile of debris on her front lawn, ready to be picked up by dump trucks. As a matter of fact, as you drive down the street, house after house after house, there are piles of furniture, clothing, drywall, and other debris that has been pulled up and dis-carded and is ready to be picked up by the dump trucks. Throughout the re-gion, there are piles like that stacked up in Rockport, Aransas Pass, Lake Jackson, and West Columbia. As re-cently as this week, let’s remember, some of these places were still under mandatory evacuation orders as the rivers crested and higher waters moved downstream. But here is my main point: As the rubble piles up and up and up, it is sometimes hard to see past the wreck-age of the past weeks. Sometimes it is hard to see beyond what is right in front of you. That is why some simple words by historian David McCullough are good to keep in mind at times like this, as we continue to deal with Har-vey’s aftermath and worry what might follow with Irma. McCullough said: We think we live in difficult, uncertain times. We think we have worries. We think our leaders face difficult decisions. But so it has nearly always been. 
He is right. We have been through tough times before. We certainly have been through tough times in storms like Harvey in Texas before. As a mat-ter of fact, back almost a little over a century ago, on September 8, 1900, a hurricane like Harvey—a category 4 hurricane—slammed into the city of Galveston, with winds surpassing 135 miles per hour. Two-thirds of the city was destroyed, and approximately 10,000 people lost their lives—10,000 peo-ple. By comparison, so far the death toll of Harvey is 70. So we can be grate-ful the death toll that was experienced in Galveston was not repeated. Like Galveston, the city of Houston and the surrounding area will recover. Of course, back in 1900, it took a cou-ple of days for the world to find out what had happened because commu-nication was not what it is now, but when word finally spread, America no-ticed. One little girl in Chicago sent 10 cents to help because that was all she had—10 cents. Well, that was probably worth a lot more back then than it is now, but it certainly is a lot for a little child. Her story reminds me of a 5- year-old boy in Philadelphia I heard about last week who set up a lemonade stand. Wearing a ‘‘Houston Texans’’ hat, he raised more than $400 for vic-tims of Hurricane Harvey. How re-markable. What has changed since Galveston? Quite a bit. One crucial difference is that we have gotten a lot better at dis-aster prediction and response. As a matter of fact, my State—from the Governor on down to our local offi-cials—plans for disasters like these and anticipates them, and it is that plan-ning which has reduced the loss of life and gotten people out of harm’s way. Houston’s $503 billion economy will hopefully bounce back quickly, and with our help, it should. The fourth largest city in the country is known for energy, and that is what we here in Washington must devote to ensuring that aid relief is expedited. Supple-mental funding to aid the Harvey re-covery needs to be voted on promptly. Our friends in the House did it yester-day, and now it will be our turn this afternoon. The Senate will soon consider legis-lation that will keep the government’s lights on until December 8 and increase the Nation’s borrowing capacity. This is important because without lifting the debt limit, we couldn’t vote for and send aid to the victims of Harvey be-cause we would be bumping up against the debt ceiling. More importantly, this afternoon we will consider $15 billion in new emer-gency funds. These will be available to Texas families who, like the woman I met in Meyerland, are removing their rugs and furniture and rebuilding the very walls of their homes. These funds include $7.4 billion to FEMA’s Disaster Relief Fund, as well as $7.4 billion to HUD’s Community Development Block Grant Program and $450 million for the Small Business Administration Dis-aster Loan Program. As large as these numbers are, with more than 100,000 people who have ac-tually lost their homes, this is a down-payment, unfortunately, on what will be additional costs that Congress will have to vote on. As a matter of fact, after Hurricane Katrina, Congress voted on seven separate supplemental appropriations before the job was done. As I said, these are large numbers but not in the context of this unprece-dented hurricane which dropped 50 inches of rain in 5 days on the city of Houston and the surrounding area. I hope my colleagues will keep in mind the scope of this catastrophe and de-liver this funding to those whom Har-vey has cost much more than just dol-lars. Getting back to the Texas economy, which I mentioned just a second ago, I want to talk about how important it is to get my State back up and running, because it is so important to the U.S. economy. As columnist Brett Stephens wrote last week, ‘‘Economic growth isn’t just a matter of parking lots paving over paradise.’’ Companies oftentimes do real, tangible good. What matters for us today is that they underwrite safety 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.008 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5029 September 7, 2017 
standards and fund scientific research, and they develop new technologies to warn us of impending storms and engi-neer new materials that make build-ings more secure. That is probably one of the biggest reasons why the damage from Hurricane Harvey didn’t compare to the damage from the Galveston hur-ricane of 1900—because of building standards, building codes, and new ma-terials that have been devised to help make buildings more secure. That is why Harvey wasn’t like Galveston in 1900, and in the days and weeks ahead, we need to remember how far we have come. That is not to say we still don’t have a long way to go. While the strong Texas economy is crucial to recovery efforts, education will be too. Thousands of Texas school-children have been displaced by Hurri-cane Harvey, and many public school children are still wondering when their classrooms will be opened, if at all, or whether they will simply be trans-ferred to other schools because their schools literally do not exist anymore. Yesterday, I spoke with Mike Morath, commissioner of Texas public education, who told me about the many challenges schools in Texas are now facing. For example, an entire school district in Rockport, TX, is closed indefinitely, leaving more than 3,000 students without friends and teachers to go to school with. In the Houston Independent School District, more than 200 schools were affected by the flooding, with at least 50 suffering extensive damage. Our healthcare facilities are also dealing with other concerns. Bill McKeon, president of the Texas Med-ical Center—one of the largest medical centers in the world—told us that his employees had problems getting to work due to road closures, debris, and families without homes and vehicles. When your office is in the world’s big-gest medical complex and employs more than 100,000 people, that is a big problem. It is a big problem, but we are going to deal with it. Like Galveston in 1900, like New Or-leans after Katrina, these storms hum-ble us but provide us the way to show the human spirit and ingenuity that so routinely follows as we rebuild and re-cover. Once again, David McCullough’s words are useful. He said: ‘‘A sense of history is an antidote to self-pity and self-importance.’’ Colleagues, let’s keep in mind those wise words of David McCullough as we weather this storm and brace ourselves for the next. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DONNELLY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NORTH KOREA Mr. DONNELLY. Madam President, I am here today to urge the White House and the National Security Council to develop and deliver to Congress a clear, comprehensive U.S. strategy to address the urgent threat posed by North Ko-rea’s nuclear missile program. I have submitted an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act—the annual national defense bill that we will consider soon—requiring that strategy within 90 days, and I hope all of my colleagues will support it when the time comes. I am honored to colead two Senate panels that have been focused on this threat for years: the Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces— where I work with my colleague Sen-ator F
ISCHER to oversee our Nation’s nuclear arsenal, missile defense sys-tems, and nuclear nonproliferation pro-grams—and the Banking Sub-committee on National Security and International Trade and Finance, where I work with Senator B
ENSASSE to oversee the development and en-forcement of U.S. sanctions laws. In my role on these two panels, I have traveled to South Korea, the DMZ, and China. I have met with U.S. forces and foreign leaders to discuss our challenges and our options for overcoming them. I have worked with colleagues—both Republican and Democratic—to shape legislation to improve our homeland defenses, strengthen our military, and expand our sanctions in response to Kim Jong Un’s dangerous behavior. I have sat in dozens of meetings, hearings, and clas-sified briefings on the subject of North Korea’s nuclear program and what we can do about it. Just yesterday, every Member of the Senate had the opportunity to attend one of these briefings and hear from the leaders of the Pentagon, the State Department, and the Intelligence Com-munity about our various efforts against Kim Jong Un. I am sorry to say I walked away from yesterday’s brief-ing with the same concern I had after every briefing on this subject in the past 8 months. We have operational plans for our military and scattered talks among our diplomats, but we need a substantive strategy. With each passing week—at times, with each passing day—North Korea is making its intentions clear and its progress toward a nuclear-capable ICBM known to the entire world. We see missile tests with growing ranges, warhead tests with growing yields, test shots that fly over the territory of our allies, and threats that target U.S. ter-ritories. Kim Jong Un says he wants to shoot a nuclear-armed missile into the U.S. mainland. I take him at his word, as we all should. In times like this, it is critical every move we make be a deliberate one that moves the ball forward toward the out-come we want, the outcome we need to achieve. We should be doing everything in our power to do that in a way that will not put America’s sons and daugh-ters, moms and dads, brothers and sis-ters who make up our Nation’s mili-tary in harm’s way unnecessarily. There are more than 20,000 U.S. serv-icemembers in South Korea. At last count, more than 300 of them were from my home State of Indiana. An-other 40,000 U.S. troops are in Japan and nearly 4,000 on Guam, not to men-tion the thousands of sailors and ma-rines aboard our vessels at sea in the region. I have every confidence in the ability of these men and women to defend our Nation, but we owe it to them to make every appropriate effort to end this conflict in a way that doesn’t unneces-sarily put their lives at risk. We talk a lot about a whole-of-gov-ernment effort. That is not what we are seeing right now when it comes to our response to North Korea. I see a Treasury Department that needs to dramatically step up its sanctions en-forcement to not just induce pain but to cripple North Korea’s ability to progress further on its nuclear pro-gram. I see a diplomatic corps grappling with the top national security priority in the Pacific—bar none—lacking the resources, the guidance, and the back-ing from Washington to do their jobs. I see a U.S. Embassy in Seoul with no Ambassador. I see a State Department without key positions filled in various areas, including arms control, non-proliferation, and Asian affairs. I see a Defense Department without an Assist-ant Secretary for Strategy, Plans, and Capabilities—or, for that matter, an Assistant Secretary for Asian and Pa-cific Security Affairs. We can do better, and we must do better. This is not a partisan critique. It is not fearmongering. It is not a call to arms. This is my effort to speak on this floor, before my colleagues and the country—a request we have all made to the White House many times. Give us a strategy on North Korea and let our country unite behind it. The country is looking for leadership on this. The world is looking for lead-ership. Let’s define our objectives based on the best interest and safety of our country and our allies and develop our strategy to achieve it. Let us work together across departments and agen-cies, across branches of government, and across party lines to get there. This is way too important to not do that. No more mixed messages. No more bluster. We have to act. We can’t afford to waste our efforts in chaos and disarray. We have to continue improv-ing our missile defenses and be pre-pared to use them to protect our terri-tory, the territory of our allies, and all of our people. We have to sanction Chinese banks that do business with North Korea. We have to cut off the lifelines of the Kim regime, including oil supplies and for-eign currency—not to topple the gov-ernment but to eliminate their ability to continue down this murderous path. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.009 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5030 September 7, 2017 
We have to be doing far more to get our partners in the region to do more— allies and competitors alike—in service of a goal we all share. There is ample support for all of these efforts in Con-gress. Senator F
ISCHER and I worked to-gether to provide even more funding for missile defense than the President requested because it is so important. Senator S
ASSE and I have worked to-gether to gather options from some of the Nation’s best and brightest minds on how to shape sanctions that could actually impact North Korea’s ability to continue their nuclear program, whether Kim Jong Un agrees to it or not. I believe there will be ample support among our allies—and even our adver-saries—around the world if we provide the kind of clear, forceful, and effective leadership America has always been known for in the past. There is not a nation on Earth that is safer with the existence of North Ko-rea’s nuclear weapons program, and that includes North Korea itself. How-ever hard the path forward may be, we can all agree that the status quo is not enough. It is not even close and will not continue to work. We cannot fix that without a strat-egy. I am here today asking the admin-istration—once again, reaching out our hand to them—to take that first essen-tial step forward and asking my col-leagues to support my amendment to the national defense bill to require the administration to submit a North Korea strategy to Congress within 90 days. We can do this together. I yield back. 
f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING BUSINESS Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that morning busi-ness, for debate only, be extended until 12 noon. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FINDING COMMON GROUND Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, before we adjourned for the recess, I came to this lectern to issue a call for comity, co-operation, and compromise. My mes-sage that day was simple: If we are se-rious about legislating—if we are truly committed to doing the work the American people sent us here to do— then we must look beyond the horizon of our differences and find common ground. Since January, this Congress has been its own worst enemy. It has been mired in the muck of its own making, bogged down by partisan squabbles and gripped by gridlock—the likes of which I have never seen in all my years of public service. I wish I could say the situation across the country is better, but sadly it isn’t. The polarization we see in the Senate is only indicative of the division we see all around the Na-tion. The events of August threw that division into sharp relief, but it also showed us our ability to heal—our re-markable capacity to lay aside super-ficial differences in moments of crisis to come together as one. In Charlottesville and Houston, Au-gust brought us a tale of two cities— one that showed us at once both the weaknesses and strengths of our great country. In Charlottesville, we saw the worst of America on full display. In the vio-lence, vitriol, and vulgar racism of Nazi demonstrators, we stared evil in the face, and in the terrorist attack that ensued, we saw the ideology of ha-tred brought to its logical endpoint. None of us will soon forget this attack on innocent civilians. I am sure, in the stagnant human air of that hot sum-mer’s day, we caught a glimpse of the darkness buried deep in the soul of America. Charlottesville was more than a trag-ic event. It was a gut-check moment for all Americans. It was a national low point that demanded all of us to take stock of where we are as a society and where our rhetoric is taking us. The men who perpetrated this hor-rific act of violence—whether by their words or by their actions—represent the dregs of a dying culture, but if the violence in Charlottesville showed America at its worst, then the rescue and recovery efforts in hurricane-rav-aged Houston showed our country at its best. Just 2 weeks after the brutality in Charlottesville, our Nation again watched in horror as Hurricane Harvey made landfall in Texas, unleashing a flood of biblical proportions. Relentless rainfall battered the coast for days, leaving in its wake a trail of destruc-tion and shattered life. Harvey left behind unprecedented devastation, but it also gave us count-less stories of hope and heroism. On na-tional TV, we saw a weatherman rush-ing to the aid of a stranded driver, pull-ing the man to safety before the cur-rent could take him away. We saw ev-eryday Texans wade in the neck-deep waters to form a human chain, saving the life of a stranger trapped in his car. We watched as three teenage boys navi-gated the streets of Houston in a fish-ing boat, driving from house to house to rescue their neighbors as the flood-waters poured in. These are just a few stories among thousands more. These stories remind us of the hope and humanity borne of tragedy. They bear testament to the innate goodness of the American peo-ple, and they show us that, in moments of crisis, our capacity to come together for the good of our communities is really unparalleled. Tragedies like those in Houston strip us of all that is superfluous, leaving be-hind only our common humanity. In the moments of peril that moved tens of thousands of Texans to band to-gether to save their city, consider-ations of race, religion, class, or creed fell into complete irrelevance. The first responders, volunteers, and Good Sa-maritans who put their own lives at risk to rescue others served indiscrimi-nately. They took no thought for whom they were helping—what their back-ground or beliefs were. Houston’s he-roes saw only lives that needed saving, and they went to work. If there is any good that comes of tragedy, it is that for a brief but beau-tiful moment, we are able to see each other as we truly are—not as Repub-licans or Democrats, rich or poor, Black or White, but as members of the same community, partakers of the same human condition and children of the same God. For a brief moment, we are able to see each other as Ameri-cans. I pray that the hope of Houston may inspire all of us here in the Senate. I pray that we may look to the city’s ex-ample in the work we have before us, setting aside our petty partisan dif-ferences to come together for the good of the Nation. I pray that, as Senators, we might see each other as friends and equals, partners and patriots, anx-iously engaged in the important work of legislating. I pray that we can es-teem each other by our mutual love for this great country, not by the R or D that follows our names. Now, more than ever, we need strength and unity here in the Senate. The challenges we have before us are enormous. In the next few weeks alone, we need to secure emergency relief funding for the victims of Hurricane Harvey, raise the debt ceiling, fix our broken Tax Code, and find a way for-ward on immigration reform. Our to-do list just keeps growing. Each of these items taken on its own is challenging, but taken as a whole, our agenda is daunting. But I truly be-lieve we are up to the task. I truly be-lieve we can step up to the plate, just as the people of Texas did, to tackle the challenges before us. As I said before we broke for recess, the Senate is capable of so much more. I know because I have seen the Senate at its best. I have seen the Senate when it truly lived up to its reputation as the world’s greatest deliberative body. I believe we can again see this body at its best. My central message today is simple. We can do hard things. I know because we have done them before. So let’s make laws, not excuses. Let’s move forward on an agenda that puts the needs of America’s families front and center. This is an important pivotal time in our Nation’s history. It is up to us to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Sep 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.011 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5031 September 7, 2017 
make that pivotal time an important time, a successful time, and one where we are brought together to work as col-leagues, rather than as opponents, which it has been far too much, as far as I am concerned, over the last num-ber of years. I hope that we can all get together and do a better job for America. I yield the floor The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
f 
DACA Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise today to speak for just a few minutes about the Dreamers in our country, the young people about whom we have had a debate recently and will continue to debate about with regard to the so- called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, known by the acro-nym DACA. The United States is a proud nation of immigrants, and ending this pro-gram does not make sense either mor-ally or in terms of our economy. Re-scinding the program will cost the United States jobs. It will hurt our na-tional security, and it is a total be-trayal of the trust of the Federal Gov-ernment. Dreamers are young people who have lived in our country for a long time, since they were children. They have been law-abiding residents, they have learned English, and they pay taxes. They have secured jobs that support themselves and their families. Our Government promised them that they would be protected if they came forward, and now the administration is breaking that promise. President Trump’s actions with regard to DACA are an insult to America and are an in-sult to American values. This action is unjust, it is immoral, and it is without regard for basic fairness. Tearing apart the lives of these young people will make our Nation less safe and will harm our economy. Ending DACA also does not make sense financially. In Pennsylvania alone, estimates are that ending DACA would cost Pennsylvania $357 million per year in GDP losses. Nationwide, the number is $460 billion from the GDP over the next decade. Ending DACA would remove approximately 685,000 workers from the U.S. economy. According to the Cato Institute, de-porting DACA residents would cost more than $60 billion. Finally, the In-stitute on Taxation and Economic Pol-icy estimates that 1.3 million young people enrolled in or eligible for DACA pay some $2 billion each year in State and local taxes. Let me just share one story of many about a Dreamer that I met. In this case, it was back in April of this year. I was proud to meet with this indi-vidual from Lancaster. Her name is Au-drey Lopez. Audrey is one of those Dreamers. She came to the United States as a child with her parents, who were seeking a better life for her and for her family. She grew up in Pennsyl-vania and graduated from college. The United States is the only home she knows. When I met Audrey, she was worried about the debate about immigration and immigration policy. The debate that we have been having in Wash-ington mostly since January of this year was causing great fear and uncer-tainty in her community. Audrey is ob-viously concerned about the immigra-tion debate and, in particular, what happens with DACA. She has worked with Church World Services, an organization that helps re-settle hundreds of refugees each year in Pennsylvania. They provide services to help new arrivals adjust to their new home and become successful members of their local neighborhoods. Audrey is now a student at American University, pursuing her master’s de-gree in international development—of course, after getting a college edu-cation as well. This is America. This is who we are as a nation, where young people like Audrey have a chance to work hard and to succeed, to get an education and to contribute to the American economy and to the fabric of our society. We are a country in which hard-working young people who are working to bet-ter themselves and their community are given a chance to do so, in a sense, fulfilling or living that dream. This program, DACA, has allowed al-most 800,000 young people whose stories are very similar to Audrey’s to grow up and thrive in America. It makes no sense to heartlessly remove Dreamers from a country they call home. In response to President Trump’s de-cision to end DACA, Congress should move immediately to pass a bipartisan Dream Act. This bill will allow Dream-ers to become permanent residents if they meet the very stringent qualifica-tions outlined in the bill. In Pennsyl-vania alone, 5,900 people have been granted DACA status. Passing the Dream Act will give these people the security they need and a future they can count on. We should be focused on humane and commonsense solutions that keep our Nation safe and allow it to thrive. I was proud to vote for the DREAM Act in 2007 and 2010. I hope we will have a clean vote on the Dream Act very soon. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. REINFORCING EDUCATION AC-COUNTABILITY IN DEVELOP-MENT ACT The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany H.R. 601, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: House message to accompany H.R. 601, a bill to enhance the transparency and accel-erate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in devel-oping countries, to better enable such coun-tries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning out-comes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment (No. 6) to the bill with McConnell amendment No. 808 (to the House amendment to the Senate amendment (No. 6) to the bill), in the nature of a substitute. McConnell amendment No. 809 (to amend-ment No. 808), to change the enactment date. 
MOTION TO REFER WITH AMENDMENT NO . 816 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to refer the House message on H.R. 601 to the Committee on Appro-priations with instructions to report back forthwith with the Paul amend-ment No. 816. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to refer the House message to accompany H.R. 601 to the Committee on Ap-propriations with instructions to report the same back forthwith to the Senate with an amendment numbered 816. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following: Notwithstanding any other provision in this Act: (1) no supplemental appropriation shall be made to the ‘‘Community Development Fund’’; (2) the ‘‘Disaster Relief Fund’’ shall be in-creased by $7,400,000,000, (3) $15,250,000,000 of unobligated funds pre-viously made available to the United States Agency for International Development shall be rescinded; and (4) The emergency designations in Division B in this Act shall have no force or effect. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 817 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have an amend-ment to the instructions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 817 to the instructions of the motion to refer. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.014 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5032 September 7, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 2 days after the date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 818 TO AMENDMENT NO . 817 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 818 to amendment No. 817. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘2’’ and insert ‘‘3’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, like all of us, I would like to join with our fellow citizens and colleagues in ex-pressing our deep condolences to the victims of Hurricane Harvey. All Amer-icans stand with the people of Texas who have been devastated by this ter-rible storm as they work to recover and rebuild their communities. My thoughts and prayers are also with the people of Florida as they pre-pare for Hurricane Irma. I urge every-one in the path of this horrible storm to pay attention to instructions from local officials to stay safe. In the aftermath of Hurricane Har-vey, I am pleased that the legislation before us includes $15 billion in emer-gency funding to help the people of Texas put their lives back together. Congress should and must provide this needed relief. In due time, if the devastation of Irma is anywhere near as bad as pre-dicted, obviously I and others will sup-port sending Federal funding to assist the people of Florida with recovery. That is clearly a requirement and func-tion of government. Madam President, I also support in-creasing the debt ceiling as a necessary way to prevent default on our govern-ment debt. However, I cannot in good conscience support those very impor-tant pieces of this legislation if it also means supporting a continuing resolu-tion. I have come to this floor many times to talk about the harmful effects of continuing resolutions on our military. Year after year, we have lurched from one short-term fix to another without doing the hard work of governing and budgeting. And year after year, I have reminded my colleagues that con-tinuing resolutions are not only no way to fund the government, they in-flict great harm upon those Americans we are constitutionally obliged to pro-vide for, and that is our men and women in uniform. Our defense leaders have also sound-ed the alarm. For the last several years, our senior military and civilian leaders have come to the Senate Armed Services Committee and asked for the same thing: that Congress provide sta-ble, predictable funding and that we provide it on time. Is that a lot to ask, stable and predictable funding, and providing it on time? In testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee this year, Secretary Mattis pointed out that ‘‘during nine of the past ten years, Congress has enacted 30 separate Con-tinuing Resolutions to fund the De-partment of Defense, thus inhibiting our readiness and adaptation to new challenges.’’ He asked Congress to ‘‘pass a FY 2018 budget in a timely manner to avoid yet another harmful Continuing Resolution.’’ Let me explain. A continuing resolu-tion just continues and continues at previous years’ levels. I will talk about some of the impacts continuing resolu-tions have had. The Chairman of our Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Dunford, also stated that ‘‘without sustained, sufficient, and predictable funding, I assess that within 5 years we will lose our ability to project power; the basis of how we defend the homeland, advance U.S. in-terests, and meet our alliance commit-ments.’’ My friends and colleagues, that doesn’t come from Senator J
OHN M
CCAIN, it comes from the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff that without predictable funding, within 5 years, we will lose our ability to project power, the basis of how we defend the home-land, et cetera. I shouldn’t have to remind everyone that threats are on the rise around the world. Global terrorist networks, in-creasing great power competition with Russia and China, malign Iranian influ-ence spreading across the Middle East, a North Korean dictator racing to ac-quire missiles that can hit the United States with nuclear weapons—the threats to our national security have not been more complex or daunting than at any time in the past seven dec-ades. Let us not forget that we are a na-tion at war. There are brave young men and women serving in Afghani-stan, Iraq, and other places. We must always ask ourselves, are we really doing all we can to support them? There is no point to discussing our strategy for Afghanistan or North Korea or ISIS or any of the other myr-iad of threats we are currently facing if we are simply going to fund the mili-tary through a continuing resolution. My friends, the state of our military is dire. The overwhelming majority of our forces are not fit for combat in the near term. Three out of our fifty-nine Army brigades are combat-ready. Four of sixty-four Air Force squadrons are ready to ‘‘fight tonight’’—that means fully combat ready. Fewer than half of the Marine and Navy planes are ready for combat. The Air Force has a pilot shortfall of 1,500, 1,000 of whom are fighter pilots. The Navy has a mainte-nance backlog of 5.4 million man-days scheduled for 2017. The hard truth is, our military is de-clining. The President of the United States campaigned with a full commit-ment of rebuilding our military. If we do a continuing resolution, we are not only not rebuilding our military, we are harming our military. The hard truth is, the military is de-clining. For evidence of this, we need look no further than all the headlines about ship collisions and aviation acci-dents during peacetime training oper-ations—incidents that have tragically taken the lives of dozens of our brave men and women in uniform. The inci-dent involving USS McCain, which killed 10 young sailors, is only the lat-est example. So how did we get here? How did we get into this position? Uncertain budg-ets that are consistently late. Con-tinuing to increase the operational tempo for our military despite not hav-ing sufficient money to pay for it. Making cuts elsewhere to stay afloat, like training and maintenance. And we are about to do the same thing. Appar-ently, watching as young men and women die for entirely avoidable rea-sons seems not to be enough for us to change. To be sure, while the budget alone will not fix all of the underlying causes of the recent incidents, the military cannot improve without timely and growing budgets. Yet that is exactly what a CR—a continuing resolution— will not provide. A continuing resolu-tion will lock the Department of De-fense into last year’s funding levels, it will prevent them from reprogramming funding to meet emerging needs, and it will prohibit the start of new programs to modernize for future threats. Per-haps worst of all, a continuing resolu-tion will mandate a level of spending $52 billion less than the President’s budget request. The military cannot fix its readiness problems without more funding. The military cannot grow its forces to meet the expanding requirements of a global threat environment under a continuing resolution. A continuing resolution will not allow our military to mod-ernize its forces to ensure we maintain our strategic advantage over our com-petitors. While the President and this Con-gress understand that the military does have a need for additional funding to rebuild the military, we are asking them to keep treading water for 3 months for no reason whatsoever. A continuing resolution is a crutch we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.017 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5033 September 7, 2017 
rely on when we cannot pass actual ap-propriations bills. It is a temporary so-lution to avoid the worst possible out-come—a Federal shutdown—and to allow us more time to reach a solution for funding the government. The majority of us can agree that passing continuing resolutions is not the proper way of funding government. Congress cannot perform oversight by passing continuing resolutions. The Federal Government cannot execute ef-fectively or efficiently when locked into last year’s funding bills. Having to pass a continuing resolution, by all ac-counts, is a failure by the Congress of the United States to fund the Federal Government. I understand the need to use these from time to time as bipartisan spend-ing agreements are not always easy to come by. What I do not understand is why we are voting on a continuing res-olution 3 weeks before the actual start of the next year without having spent any time in the Senate on actually try-ing to pass an appropriations bill or ne-gotiating a bipartisan budget agree-ment. How is it that we are voting on a continuing resolution—a mechanism of last resort—before we have even made a single attempt at funding the government? There has been no discussion of a bi-partisan budget deal. There has not even been a fiscal year 2018 budget res-olution. We have not called up a single 2018 appropriations bill—not a single one for 2018. Quite simply, we have not been doing our jobs. If we are going to call ourselves the world’s greatest de-liberative body, we have to do one heck of a lot better. We have 3 weeks before we need to pass fiscal year 2018 fund-ing. Why have we given up before hav-ing even tried? We could be spending this month debating a bipartisan budg-et deal we all know we will now need to pass in December. Attaching emergency funding for hurricane relief to a must-pass con-tinuing resolution and debt limit in-crease is irresponsible and a dereliction of our most routine duties. It is the re-sult of yet another self-inflicted—I re-peat, self-inflicted—crisis. Instead of returning to the regular order by mov-ing individual spending bills to fund our government and our national secu-rity priorities, with ample time for de-bate and amendments, we are shirking our responsibilities and kicking the can down the road. All of us are respon-sible for the detriment to the men and women serving in our military during a time of incredible global uncertainty. I would like to vote to provide assist-ance to the people of Texas. I cannot vote for another continuing resolution that will harm our men and women in uniform. Quite often, I go to where we have conflicts—Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, and other countries in the region. I can tell you that these young men and women who are serving in uni-form, under difficult and challenging circumstances, are not being provided with the support, the weapons, the strategy, or, most of all, the funding that is necessary. Yes, we have been in this conflict for many years. The main reason the con-flict is not over is, we never had a strategy by which to win. Now we have a national security team that has a strategy to win, but they cannot do it without the tools they need to win but also do their best to protect the lives of these young men and women who are literally placing their lives on the line. Meanwhile, what do we do? We decide that by December 15, maybe we will take up a continuing resolution. We may take certain action. Meanwhile, we are not providing the men and women in the military with what they need not only to win but to do every-thing we can to ensure that we have provided them with every possible means of protecting their own health and welfare. I say to my colleagues, we have seen this movie before. We are lurching down the road to December 15—Decem-ber 8, I think it has been changed to now—when everybody will be eager to get out of town and go home for one’s undeserved Christmas holiday break. The point is, today we should be taking up the budget, taking up our appropria-tions bills, and moving forward. If peo-ple want to block it, fine. Then let’s stay in tonight. Let’s stay in on Friday and Saturday and Sunday. Let’s do something really unusual. The men and women who are serving over there, whom we are supposed to be taking care of, do not leave on Thursday after-noon and go back on Monday. They are out there, putting themselves on the line for us every single hour of every single day, and they deserve a lot bet-ter than what they are getting from this administration and this Congress, where the Republican Party has the majority. I urge my colleagues again, Why don’t we sit down? Why don’t we move forward with these appropriations bills? Why don’t we take care of the men and women who are serving? There are so many things we can do for them and for the country that we are not doing today. I urge my colleagues to sit down together, and let’s move forward because the American people deserve it, and our oath of office makes it incumbent on us to practice it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kentucky. 
MOTION TO REFER WITH AMENDMENT NO . 816 
Mr. PAUL. Madam President, in Washington, we have a disease—or a syndrome rather. I call it the dinosaur syndrome: big hearts, small brains. Un-fortunately, it is a recurring problem year after year, bill after bill, day after day. In Washington, it is argued that you are more compassionate if you give away more of someone else’s money. I would argue that true compassion is in giving your own money away. I would argue that truly rational policy is giv-ing away money that you have. It is one thing to give away other people’s money. It is another thing to give away money you do not even possess. As a country, we have a $20 trillion debt. We borrow $1 million every minute. Yet we are putting forward a bill to allocate $15 billion to those who are suffering from Harvey without pay-ing for it and without finding the money from anywhere. We are simply adding it to our tab—adding it to our $20 trillion bill. How did we get to $20 trillion in debt? Big hearts, small brains. Nobody has the courage to ask: Why don’t we pay for it? Why don’t we be legislators and stand up like men and women and say: Let’s set priorities. If it is a priority to help those in Texas—and I have great sympathy for those in Texas. My family is there. I have family members with 2 feet of water in their house so I have great sympathy for those who are in need, but there is no reason to be foolish. We shouldn’t just borrow the money. Why don’t we take the money from some-thing less important? My amendment, the America first amendment, would take the money from money we are going to send to foreign countries. We send billions and billions of dollars to countries that hate us. We send billions and billions of dollars to countries that burn our flag. I think it is a very simple choice, when we are looking at helping those in need in our country, that we quit sending money to other countries. What my amendment would do would be to pay for the $15 billion in aid by taking it out of the foreign aid ac-count. Who gets the money in the for-eign aid account? What is it spent on? I will give you a couple of examples of what we spend our foreign aid on. We spent billions of dollars—I think it is over $100 billion—on building roads in Afghanistan, blowing up roads in Afghanistan, building schools, blow-ing up schools, and then rebuilding all of them. Sometimes we blow them up, and sometimes someone else blows them up, but then we always go back and rebuild them. What about rebuild-ing our country? Why don’t we look at our country and rebuild our infrastruc-ture and rebuild our roads? For those who are flooded in Texas, let’s help them, but let’s help them by not send-ing the money to Pakistan and to other countries that do not even like us. In the foreign aid account, we spent $273 million last year teaching people how to apply for more of our money. So it is not bad enough that they take your money and send it to foreign countries that do not even like us, but we teach these people how to apply for more of our money. We had a televised cricket league that we spent $1 million on in Afghani-stan—a televised cricket league. The only problem is, they don’t really have any televisions. Why it is our obliga-tion? Why is the U.S. taxpayer asked to pay for a cricket league in Afghani-stan? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.020 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5034 September 7, 2017 
We spent $45 million on a natural gas, gas station in Afghanistan—$45 million. It was estimated to cost a half a million dollars—86 times cost over-runs. What does it serve up? Gasoline. Natural gas. Who has a car that runs on natural gas in Afghanistan? Nobody. So we bought them cars. We bought them cars that run on natural gas. Then they had no money with which to buy the natural gas so we gave them credit cards to buy the natural gas. That is where your money is going. If you want to help the people in Texas or those people who may be hurt in Flor-ida, why don’t we quit sending the money overseas? These are the people who chant ‘‘Death to America,’’ and we send more money to them. We spent money on home mortgages in Nigeria. We are spending money on home mortgages in Nigeria? We spent money on tourism in Albania. This is one of my favorites: We spent money teaching people in Kenya how to use Facebook. All I am asking is, Why don’t we stand up like men and women, like real legislators? If we are going to have compassion for those in Texas, why don’t we have the good wisdom not to just simply add it to our debt? In hysteria—everyone is hysterical—we must give, give, give someone else’s money but not only that. We must give, give, give money we do not have. We are going to destroy our country. There have been people who have ar-gued that our $20 trillion debt is the No. 1 threat to our national security. So what I am asking is, Why don’t we pay for this? Why don’t we simply take some money that we were going to spend somewhere else, for something not as valuable in another country, and spend it here? You realize what is going to happen. I will proffer this amendment, and in all likelihood, the swamp—the establishment—will vote this down because they never want to cut a dime of spending. They are al-ways compassionate. They have big hearts. They are willing to give away everybody else’s money, but they are never ever willing to pay for it. This is both parties—both the Republican Party and the Democrat Party. Watch the vote and see who is a conservative and who says we should pay for the aid for Harvey and who says, oh, no, that we should add it to the tab. Where is the $15 billion going to come from? This year, we are going to run a $500 billion debt. There is no money. They are giving away your grand-children’s money to help people. People will say that is compassion, that we are going to help people now. Yet we are stealing it from our kids’ futures, and we are stealing it from the future and the soundness of our country, and we are threatening the very security of our country with this enormous and elaborate debt. Simply pay for it. Simply say: Do you know what? This year, we cannot be so compassionate to people who are wanting to get healthcare in Cambodia. We have USAID money going to Cam-bodia to help them get cost-effective or lower cost insurance. We could not even do anything with the healthcare in our country. We failed to act on it, but we are sending money to Cambodia to help them with their healthcare. Why don’t we act here at home? Why don’t we take care of our own problems before we think we can take care of ev-erybody else’s problems everywhere around the world? So we will get a chance to vote today. My amendment will come up shortly, and it will simply say, yes, we are a big, rich country. We can help those in Texas, but we will pay for it by taking the money away from some-where else in the budget that is less of a priority. We give hundreds of mil-lions—really billions—of dollars to Pakistan. How much do they like us? Sometimes they help us, but some-times they harbor the enemy. Some-times they harbor whole networks of people who are plotting to kill us. What do they think of Christianity in Pakistan? Asia Bibi is a Christian. She has been in jail for 5 years—on death row—for being a Christian. What do they think of helping us with bin Laden? They did not raise a finger to help us with bin Laden. Bin Laden lived among them for years and years and years, and when we finally got bin Laden, we got bin Laden with informa-tion from a doctor named Shakil Afridi. What did Pakistan do to reward the doctor who helped us get bin Laden? Pakistan has him locked up for life in prison. Really, we need to requestion wheth-er this aid works at all to foreign coun-tries, whether it is counterproductive, and whether we have it in the first place, but we should also ask an impor-tant question: Maybe that aid ought to be better spent at home. Maybe we ought to start rebuilding our country instead of always thinking we have to rebuild everybody else’s country. I think this amendment is so easy to decide, and I think the American peo-ple are behind me on this amendment. If we were to take this to a huge vote of the entire American public, I think 75 to 80 percent of the American public would say: Do you know what? Let’s take care of our problems at home; let’s don’t send our money abroad. And I think we would win this battle. Watch this vote because in Wash-ington you will see the opposite. You will see three-fourths of this body or more say: Oh, no, we are not going to cut any spending to anyone. We could never cut foreign aid or welfare for for-eign countries. We are just going to add it on to the tab. I, for one, want to be a loud voice to say that it is risking our country’s future. It is risking the security of the United States to keep adding to a $20 trillion debt, no matter how good the cause is. Remember, the next time a politician tells you that they are so compas-sionate because they want to give away more of someone else’s money, ask them how much they gave of their own money if you want to judge their true compassion. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nebraska. Mr. SASSE. Madam President, Hurri-cane Harvey is a horrible tragedy. It has ruthlessly taken lives. It has taken diplomas and baby albums. It has taken homes and gardens and play-grounds. It has also given us many new pictures of volunteerism, heroism, and neighborliness, and God bless those many helping hands. It has also re-vealed the willingness, the advanced planning, and the hard work of many government employees in the State and local governments, in the National Guard, in FEMA, and beyond. So what are we doing here today in this body? And what should we be doing? What is the specific duty of the U.S. Congress at this moment? We should provide emergency funding re-lief. We should provide emergency funding for FEMA and for related agen-cies. They are doing important work, and they need it. The amount agreed upon by the ad-ministration and the House of Rep-resentatives on Tuesday—just 48 hours ago—was $7.8 billion. It passed noncon-troversially. The vote was 419 to 3. They did the right thing. So let’s ap-prove it. Let’s do the exact same thing. Let’s let FEMA spend that $7 billion. It is important money. There is a genuine emergency. There is real need. I am a small government guy, but there is a clear and urgent governmental role in this moment, so we should do it. But what we should not do are unre-lated things that we will pretend are hurricane relief. We should not fool ourselves into pretending that the leg-islation on the floor today is actually doing what it says it does just because it has a certain name on the top of the legislation. What we are actually con-sidering doing today in this body is much, much larger, much clunkier, and much less explicable or defensible to your and my constituents. Do your constituents know, for ex-ample, that far less than half of all of the spending in this bill before us today is in any way related to emer-gency relief for Hurricane Harvey? Think about that. Do your constitu-ents know that far less than half of the spending is actually related to hurri-canes? Shouldn’t they know that? Shouldn’t they know that the vast ma-jority of the money this body is going to spend today, under the pretend guise of an emergency in the Schumer- Pelosi-Trump bill, is not actually emergency spending at all? Do your constituents know that we are using the hurricane as an excuse to extend the debt ceiling? Translated, that means we can’t pay our credit card bill, so we are just going to take over the credit card company and change our credit limit without any discussion. We are not going to have any conversation about the fact that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.021 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5035 September 7, 2017 
we constantly spend more money than we have, and we have to borrow to do it. There is a mechanism by which, when we hit up against our debt limit, we are supposed to pause and have a conversation, but we are not going to do that today. We are going to use the hurricane as an excuse to hide from that truth. What we are really doing right now is borrowing from our kids. There is no other explanation for what we are doing. What we are doing is we are intergenerationally stealing. We are passing on debt to the next generation for current spending. We are not fund-ing infrastructure here. We are not funding roads and bridges and IT sys-tems and weapons systems. These are not things that could be called invest-ments in the future. Again, I am not talking about the hurricane spending. We should do all of the hurricane spending. But mostly what this bill is going to do is spend current priorities—current-year money—month over month, as we al-ways do, but we are going to pass the price tag and the debt on to our kids, and we are going to hide from our con-stituents what we are actually doing. We are not going to admit it. We are not going to have a conversation about it. We are not going to have an honest accounting about how much money we are going to spend. What we are going to do is increase the odds that we will have a debt crisis soon. At the moment that comes, we will have another emer-gency that we will be able to use as an excuse to do things that we then also will not want accountability for. We should separate these two things. We should do all of the hurricane spending. We should not do things that are not hurricane spending but, rather, are excuses to kick the can down the road on the nature of the obligations we are constantly incurring beyond our ability to pay. What we are not doing in this body today is draining the swamp. What we are doing is running a whole bunch of hoses to the edge of the swamp, turn-ing them on to the highest possible vol-ume flow, and then turning our backs on the swamp and shouting that there is nothing to see here. That is what we are doing. We are doing the opposite of draining the swamp today. Finally, do your constituents know that what we are doing today actually increases the likelihood of both a gov-ernment shutdown and a government default in December? The odds of a government shutdown are up and the odds of a government default are up in December. Do your constituents know that C
HUCK SCHUMER —whose title is minor-ity leader, not majority leader—just made himself the most powerful man in America for the month of December? C
HUCK SCHUMER has made himself the key man in all negotiations in Decem-ber because of the legislation we are going to pass today. Do your voters know that real and fundamental tax reform is going to get less likely because of today? What is going to happen today is that the calendar for the next 90 days will be laser-beam focused on that Decem-ber shutdown and showdown, and CHUCK SCHUMER and N ANCY PELOSI now hold most of the cards for when we get to December. This is an embarrassing moment for a Republican-controlled Congress and a Republican administra-tion. Here is the good news. We still have an off-ramp before us. We can do bet-ter, and we have a legislative pathway to do better. I have a motion at the table that is simple. It funds all of the emergency relief that the administration has re-quested for Hurricane Harvey. Hear that clearly. What the House did yes-terday morning that they negotiated Tuesday night funds all $7.8 billion that the administration says they need for hurricane relief. It passed 419 to 3. We can still pass that same legislation. That is it. That is what my legislation does. It doesn’t do anything that is not hurricane relief and pretend it is hurri-cane relief; it just goes back to the bill that funds all of the hurricane relief that the administration says they need. I am not offering lots of other stuff. I am not kicking the can down the road on the conversation that we should have tonight and tomorrow and Satur-day and Sunday about the debt crisis we face. All I am trying to do is make a bill that says it is about hurricane relief, actually be about hurricane re-lief instead of a majority of other stuff masquerading as hurricane relief. In short, if you want hurricane relief, this amendment is your vehicle to get to hurricane relief, not other pretend stuff calling itself hurricane relief. Just as the House did earlier this week in a 419-to-3 vote, we can do hurricane relief clear, plain, and simple, and we don’t have to hide a whole bunch of other stuff in it. Thank you, Madam President. I thank this body for its consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
MOTION TO REFER WITH AMENDMENT NO . 816 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to table the motion to refer, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion to table. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Sen-ator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 87, nays 10, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 189 Leg.] YEAS—87 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—10 
Cruz Flake Heller Inhofe Lankford Lee Paul Risch Scott Toomey 
NOT VOTING—3 
Menendez Rubio Sullivan 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. For the informa-tion of all of our colleagues, the next vote will be on the motion to table the Sasse motion on disaster funding. With a little bit of cooperation, we will then set two votes after lunch to get to pas-sage of the bill this afternoon so it can be sent over to the House today. Sen-ators should expect additional votes right after lunch. 
MOTION TO REFER  
Mr. President, on behalf of Senator S
ASSE, I move to refer the House mes-sage on H.R. 601 to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to re-port back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to refer the House message to accompany H.R. 601 to the Committee on Ap-propriations with instructions to report the same back to the Senate with changes that (1) are in the jurisdiction of such committee; and, (2) do not include any provision that was not contained in the House message ac-companying the bill H.R. 601. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to table the motion to refer and ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion to table. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.022 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5036 September 7, 2017 
The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Sen-ator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 72, nays 25, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 190 Leg.] YEAS—72 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Graham Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Isakson Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—25 
Barrasso Corker Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Inhofe Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Sasse Strange Toomey 
NOT VOTING—3 
Menendez Rubio Sullivan 
The motion was agreed to. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the vote on the mo-tion to invoke cloture occur at 1:45 p.m.; further, that the time until 1:45 p.m. be for debate only; finally, that if cloture is invoked, the McConnell amendment No. 809 be withdrawn and all postcloture time be expired and the Senate vote on the motion to concur in the House amendment with further amendment. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I en-courage folks to take a close look at this picture of a forest ablaze in Or-egon. Right now, there are innumer-able fires burning across our State. Some of them are called complexes—a fire complex. Maybe it is referred to as a single fire complex, but that means there may be 10 or 20 different fires within that area. What we are seeing more and more with the changing climate, with cli-mate disruption, is that we have light-ning storms that sweep over our for-ests, will light up and create multiple fires at one time, and then, because the forest is so much drier, they burn fiercely. Just last week, Mary and I were hop-ing to spend a couple days out on the Pacific Crest Trail. This is the trail that runs from Mexico to Canada, and we were planning to go down to the Cascade-Siskiyou National Monument and experience some of that, but we couldn’t because of the intense smoke from fires burning. Fires in the middle of the State had shut down some of the Pacific Crest Trail near Jefferson, so we decided to go up to the northern end of the trail, the trail that plunges into the Colum-bia River at a place called Bridge of the Gods, Cascade Locks, and walk south. The plan was to go about 18 miles or so and then pick up the Eagle Creek Trail and come right back through to where we had started. But posted at the start of the Pacific Crest Trail was that the Eagle Creek Trail had been closed and that the loop was shut down due to the Indian Springs fire. Well, we decided, OK, we can still at least do the first half and maybe con-tinue walking on through to Lolo Pass on Mount Hood and then get a ride and come back around to where we were. The point is that all across Oregon, there were either blazes or smoke from blazes. Oregon State is a plain, and it is not the only State. California, Washington, Montana, and parts of Idaho are burn-ing up, and it is getting worse each year. As we were considering how we were going to progress, we had to bypass a campground at Wahtum Lake because it was shut down. We had to camp on the side of a ridge that was just on the edge of the fire containment area. So we pitched our tent on a steep slope that had a little rock outcropping and a little bit of flat ground, basically about 3 feet by 6 feet. We settled down after a long day of hiking. We were ab-solutely exhausted. About 1 in the morning, I woke up and I got a strong whiff of smoke. So I leapt out of the tent, and down below us on the slope last week was this glow. Immediately I was concerned that fire had leapt into the valley below us, and you do not want to be on a steep slope upstream from a fire, especially when that is the direction the wind is blow-ing—as it was. I said to Mary: Wake up. Get out of the tent. We may have to make a run for it. And she jumped up. The glow just stayed the same, and it turned out it wasn’t a fire. It turned out that it was a landslide, and the Moon was illuminating that landslide and creating that glow on the slope below us. But we were terrified. You can imagine, if you are hiking through Oregon and suddenly there is a forest fire on the slope below you, you are going to run like crazy. Well, there were a bunch of folks who were on that Eagle Creek Trail that I referred to, and they were on a section very near the Columbia gorge—that section that hadn’t been shut down. They were walking south, but they couldn’t go on through the Tunnel Falls area. They could go only a few miles in. But a couple of teenagers went up that trail and started throwing firecrackers, fireworks off the edge of a cliff, and it set the gorge on fire on that Eagle Creek Trail. You can see how the Cascade Moun-tains plunge down to the Columbia River, and you can see here how that Eagle Creek Trail was lit up. There were 140 hikers trapped by this fire and the fire that Mary and I were dodging— the Indian Springs fire—and they had to retreat to the section of trail that actually goes through a tunnel that is drilled through the basalt. It has a wa-terfall next to it, and they were dropped supplies overnight before they could be brought out and escape this fire. This fire was raging so much, it had leapt the river—the Columbia River, the largest river by river flow volume in the United States of Amer-ica. It had leapt this river to the State of Washington. These are just two of the fires of the many that are burning across the State of Oregon. There is also the Chetco Bar fire, which is even larger than the Eagle Creek fire. The Chetco Bar fire has con-tinued and now has burned 176,000 acres of Douglas fir and oak and manzanita brush fields. There are 1,700 people working to contain this fire right now and, as of yesterday, it was just 5 per-cent contained. And, as of yesterday, the Eagle Creek Trail was just 5 per-cent contained. Fires are a big problem that is just getting bigger. There are 65 large fires burning across the United States; 19 of those are in Oregon. You can see how they are spaced out here. Both the In-dian Springs fire and the Eagle Creek fire that I referred to are here, and you can see its position and how it leapt across the Columbia River into Wash-ington State. There are more in Washington State and more in California and Idaho and Montana going this way. Nineteen of those 65 big fires are represented right here. Another 23 are in nearby Mon-tana. Over the last decade, we have seen an average of about 50,000 forest fires in America each year, with an average of about 5
1⁄2million acres being burned. This year, we are already over 8 mil-lion acres, with a lot more acreage that will be burned in the weeks ahead. In Oregon, we have seen an average of about 493,000 acres a year burn. We are over 550,000 acres now—and counting. So what happens during these intense fire years? What happens is we run out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.023 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5037 September 7, 2017 
of money to fight these fires, and then we engage something called fire bor-rowing. There is no FEMA for fires—no Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy for fires. So the Forest Service says: Well, we must fight these fires. I can tell you that a tremendous number of helicopters and planes and ground crews are involved in this effort. It is very expensive to fight them. We run out of money, and the Forest Service has to borrow from other ac-counts—from the hazardous fuels fund, which tries to reduce the amount of fuels that will create fires on the front end, so we decrease our effort on the front end in order to fight the fires on the back end. Forest management funds, forest res-toration funds, forest conservation funds, road maintenance funds, and funds that are designed to prepare for future timber sales—all of those are borrowed from. So I have been pushing, I have been fighting for us to get the funds now, right now, to make sure we don’t engage in fire borrowing to have to address this challenge, and we have a compromise that has been worked out that is going to help. In the con-tinuing resolution, the funds are based not on the amount the administration wanted but on the fiscal year 2017 level that included $400 million of buffer funds. One-quarter of what was author-ized in fiscal year 2017 is now going to be available—and available retro-actively—so that it can be used and spent in September, which is still in fiscal year 2017, so in immediate mo-ments we will not have to engage in fire borrowing. That is a victory. I thank the cochairs of the Appro-priations Committee for working so hard to help us get this provision that will stop the fire borrowing problem in the short term. But in the near future, after we are into fiscal year 2018—into October—we will be short funds that were spent for fiscal year 2017, so that will be a challenge we will have to con-tinue to address in the year to come. We are all thinking a lot about Har-vey and its impact on Houston and Texas, and we are all worried about Irma and the fact that it is hitting Puerto Rico, and it is aimed for Flor-ida. But let’s not forget the fires burn-ing all over the United States at an un-precedented rate, which we need to make sure we address as well. Under this provision I just men-tioned—this compromise that will be helpful in the short term—the Office of Management and Budget has control, and we need to make sure they actu-ally exercise that control and release those funds, so we will have to keep pushing. I see my colleague is here. I do want to talk a little bit about fisheries, but I will defer to him if my colleague from Vermont would like to speak. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to continue for 5 minutes. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I strong-ly support the disaster relief package that is before us today. It is going to provide much needed assistance to the thousands of families and communities who were devastated by Hurricane Har-vey. As vice chairman of the Appro-priations Committee, I looked at it very carefully, and I know it provides a short-term increase to the debt limit to ensure the U.S. Government has ac-cess to the resources it needs. It funds the government with a continuing res-olution through December 8, enabling Congress to work to complete the fiscal year 2018 appropriations bills. It is a re-sponsible approach to addressing the needs of our Nation. As a Vermonter, as a human being, it was heart-wrenching to watch the dev-astation march through Texas as Hur-ricane Harvey made landfall, only to see it turn toward Louisiana. Now, Hurricane Irma has struck Puerto Rico and continues on its path toward Flor-ida and the east coast. Hurricanes Jose and Katia are swirling in the Atlantic. They are threatening our coast. This is a horrific time. My fellow Vermonters and I are all too familiar with these images. It was only 6 years ago that Tropical Storm Irene tore through our small, special Green Mountain State and left a wound we are still trying to heal today. A disaster of this magnitude demands the full support of the U.S. Govern-ment, and that includes all of us here. I am glad this disaster relief package is before us today. My Appropriations Committee staff has worked so hard on it. If we don’t act and act fast, FEMA exhausts its funds by the end of this week. Republicans and Democrats in the Senate stood by my side in 2011 and in the following years to help Vermont re-build after Irene, and I will stand in support of Texans and Louisianans now. And I will stand in support of Flo-ridians, if and when they need it. This is only a fraction of what we will need to help recover and rebuild after these storms. It is going to require years of Federal support, and we cannot let our commitment fade. We live in a world where 100-year storms seem to occur every year, so we have to invest in technology, conserva-tion, and infrastructure that will miti-gate further damage and make our communities more resilient in these crises. Our ability to respond doesn’t just depend on emergency assistance. Each year, in the annual appropriations bills, we fund programs that help us prevent and respond to severe weather events and invest in the necessary in-frastructure. The National Weather Service, the Army Corps of Engineers, the Sea Grant program, the Flood Map Modernization Program, Watershed Flood Prevention Operations, Regional Coastal Resilience Grants, Community Development Block Grants, and State and Local First Responder Grants— just to name a few—are all critical to these efforts. We cannot and should not accept the deep cuts that have been proposed by President Trump to these critical investment programs. Now, I thank Chairman C
OCHRAN for his leadership and cooperation to ad-vance these bills. It is through these bills we can fund important priorities. I have been asking since March to begin bipartisan budget negotiations to establish responsible topline funding levels for both defense and non-defense programs based on parity. The current budget caps do not allow us to produce 12 responsible bills. Absent a budget deal, deep cuts are mandated for both defense and non-defense programs. We have to move forward with urgency. So my heart goes out to all of those affected by Hurricane Harvey and Hur-ricane Irma. My vote goes out to help them, and I will continue to fight for them. This Senate amendment is really the first step and I support it. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, may I have 2 minutes to conclude my state-ment? The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, so far this year, the Secretary of Commerce has declared nine disasters for fish-eries, and another disaster assistance request is pending in Southern Oregon and in Northern California. When these fisheries close, our fisher-men and their families are in deep trouble. Their expenses don’t dis-appear—the mortgages on their vessels, their mooring fees, their maintenance. Of course, they have to continue to be able to pay their basic living expenses. So when they are told they have to stay in port because a fishery is closed because of a fishing disaster, then, it is an enormous challenge to which we need to help to respond. It is not just for the fishermen themselves, but for the entire community—the rec-reational anglers, as well as the com-mercial fishermen, the processors, the gear stores, the boat repair facilities, and the tourism. All of it is impacted. So let us not forget that we have nine declared disasters for fisheries, and we should make sure we respond and assist these communities. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Vermont. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to waive the man-datory quorum call. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The quorum call is waived. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.025 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5038 September 7, 2017 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 601, with a further amendment numbered 808. Lamar Alexander, John Boozman, Roy Blunt, Thom Tillis, Mike Crapo, John Cornyn, Shelley Moore Capito, Steve Daines, Cory Gardner, Richard Burr, Orrin G. Hatch, Roger F. Wicker, David Perdue, Dan Sullivan, John Barrasso, John Thune. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. By unanimous consent, the man-datory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 601, a bill to enhance the transparency and accel-erate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better en-able such countries to achieve uni-versal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes, with a further amendment, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Sen-ator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 79, nays 18, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 191 Leg.] YEAS—79 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Isakson Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—18 
Corker Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Inhofe Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain Moran Paul Risch Sasse Strange Toomey NOT VOTING—3 
Menendez Rubio Sullivan 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 79, the nays are 18. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 809 WITHDRAWN  
Cloture having been invoked, under the previous order, amendment No. 809 is withdrawn. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT  
NO. 808 
Under the previous order, the ques-tion occurs on agreeing to the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 601, with a further amendment. Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Sen-ator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 80, nays 17, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 192 Leg.] YEAS—80 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gardner Gillibrand Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—17 
Corker Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Graham Grassley Johnson Lankford Lee McCain Moran Paul Risch Sasse Toomey NOT VOTING—3 
Menendez Rubio Sullivan 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 175, H.R. 2810. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 175, H.R. 2810, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 175, H.R. 2810, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. John McCain, David Perdue, Thom Tillis, Deb Fischer, Roy Blunt, Mike Rounds, Pat Roberts, John Boozman, Tom Cot-ton, Ben Sasse, Mike Crapo, Lindsey Graham, John Thune, John Cornyn, Roger F. Wicker, Richard Burr, Mitch McConnell. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. 
f 
WILDFIRES IN WESTERN STATES Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, in a few minutes, I am going to start sprinting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.026 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5039 September 7, 2017 
to the airport to get home to listen to Oregonians who have been clobbered by several megafires unlike anything we have seen in my home State of Oregon. On top of that, in addition to the megafires, there are numerous other fires. Just up the road from my hometown of Portland, the Eagle Creek fire has merged with the Indian Creek fire and spread over an area of more than 31,000 acres. What we have seen—again, just staggering in its implications—the fire jumped the Columbia River into Wash-ington State. It is ravaging our iconic Columbia River Gorge. This is a treas-ure beloved by the millions of people who visit every year and the people of my home State. Next to me is a shot of the fire which has been burning in the Columbia River Gorge now for days. Although it appears the first sparks of the Eagle Creek fire were ignited by a young man, it is clear the inferno was acceler-ated by the unusual heat in early Sep-tember. Now the lives and the homes of Gorge residents are under threat, and a world-renowned treasure in my home State has been devastated. Sadly, this wildfire devastation this month has rippled across Oregon. The Chetco Bar fire in Southwestern Or-egon has consumed more than 167,000 acres—an area bigger than all of Port-land. The Umpqua North fire east of Roseburg and the Milli fire in Central Oregon have torn through tens of thou-sands of acres each. I could go on. The point is, my home State is getting pounded by these fires, and the West is getting pounded by these fires. The skies glow orange at night as the flames burn on. Families wake up to ash on their windshields. Schools are closed, and people have been warned to stay indoors because it is not safe to breathe the hazardous air. On the Air Quality Index map from the Environmental Protection Agen-cy—which I have here—you can see the effects of the nightmare which has set-tled in over most of Oregon, Idaho, Washington, and large parts of Mon-tana. As I speak, there are a million and a half acres ablaze across Oregon, Washington, California, Idaho, Mon-tana, Colorado, Wyoming, Nevada, and Utah. One-third of these burning acres are in my home State alone. This year is virtually guaranteed to be the worst fire season in history in terms of the total area burnt. I served as chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee for a time, chaired the Forestry Sub-committee. I have sat in so many com-mittee hearings and heard again and again about the dangers these fires pose to our States. The fact is, the fires are getting hotter, they have gotten bigger, they have gotten tougher to fight, and this is a years-long pattern in the West. It gets hot. It gets dry. There have been inadequate efforts to go in there and thin out the dead and dying material. Then we have a light-ning strike in our part of the world, and then all of a sudden, we have an in-ferno on our hands. This time, as I indicated, it seems as if some of the problem was due to that set of firecrackers, but this is a years- long pattern in the West. Frankly, the same warming trends that have wors-ened the fires seem to have added fuel to storms that developed in the Gulf of Mexico and over the Atlantic. My seatmate, Senator N
ELSON , has been telling us about what his region is faced with. The victims of all these dis-asters and the communities that will continue to face these growing threats need the government to come up with smarter policies to try to prevent as much of this as possible. That is why I wanted to wrap up my remarks by way of talking about the bizarre way the Federal Government budgets for fight-ing fire. In the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, I have led a bipartisan ef-fort for years now. Senator M
IKE C
RAPO , the senior Senator from Idaho, and I had 260 groups—forestry groups, scientists, environmentalists—join us in the effort. What has happened over the years is the Federal Government has shorted prevention, and then, be-cause of the conditions being hot and dry and lightning strikes or what have you, we have a big fire, and then the Federal Government, to put the fire out, borrows from the prevention fund, and the problem gets worse. That is what we call fire-borrowing. The rea-son I call it bizarre is that the idea of ripping off prevention, which we need most, defies common sense. We have a dangerous, worsening cycle known as fire-borrowing. Shoddy budgeting today leads to bigger fires tomorrow, and it needs to stop. I remember not long ago—because this does so much damage to natural resources policy—the distinguished mi-nority leader of the Senate, Senator S
CHUMER , signed on to our bill. We all wondered, well, what is the situation in New York? It turned out they had a problem with a bug and a baseball bat, and the natural resource agencies had trouble dealing with that challenge be-cause so much of the funds had been frittered away with this broken system of fighting fire. That is why I have now called on the President to include a funding fix in any request for an upcoming disaster aid package. Several of my western colleagues and I—Senators from both sides of the aisle—are calling on Lead-ers M
CCONNELL and S CHUMER today to include a fix in any disaster aid pack-age that comes before this body. As I said, this battle has gone on for years. I think I mentioned to my friend from New Mexico that this issue with respect to fire-borrowing has been the longest running battle since the Trojan War. It has gone on and on and each year wastes more and more money on a broken system of funding the fight against wildfires. Senator C
RAPO has been an instru-mental partner in this effort. He also has a proposal that in effect builds on what we have been working on for years in the Banking Committee. I sup-port that proposal as well. I want it understood that there is a lot that has to be dealt with here in the Senate. There have been some horrible disasters—Houston and now the South, with what Senator NELSON is going to wrestle with this weekend. We have a lot to do. But when we are talking about western communities getting hit by a wrecking ball, which is exactly what these mega-fires do, I want it un-derstood that we western Senators, Democrats and Republicans, are going to be teaming up to make sure, as we said in our letter today to Leaders M
CCONNELL and S CHUMER , that a fire fix that is based on common sense, sen-sible practices to try to prevent fires to the greatest extent possible, has to be a focus of priority business in the Sen-ate. Too many western communities— the kind I am going to see this week-end—are faced with destroyed homes, businesses, lost recreation dollars, lost timber revenue, cleanup costs, and for-est and range land restoration efforts. The West cannot wait any longer for Congress to break this dangerous cycle that defies common sense, short-changes wildfire prevention, and does it year after year. What western Sen-ators are going to do is work together in a bipartisan way, which is what you have to do when your constituents are faced with these kinds of problems. I can tell you, in Oregon or Montana or Idaho, when you have one of these mega-fires, nobody is sitting around waiting to hear about just the Demo-cratic approach or the Republican ap-proach; they want to know what the Federal Government is going to do to help these hard-hit western commu-nities. It is absolutely essential that the Senate act soon. I have urged the President of the United States, who campaigned as a champion for these communities and the workers who live in them—I have said: Mr. President, do not ignore the West. Democratic and Republican Senators, given all the promises that have been made over the years, are going to insist that with fires of this magnitude—we have seen plenty of fires in the past, but we haven’t seen the kind of thing I have just described that isn’t very far from my hometown and across the State—given the urgency of the situa-tion, western Senators of both political parties are making it clear to Leaders M
CCONNELL and S CHUMER and the President of the United States that we need the Federal Government to act, and we need it to act now. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. 
f 
DACA Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, we had promises from the White House that the President would treat DACA recipi-ents with great heart. I don’t believe it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.037 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5040 September 7, 2017 
is great heart when he abandons pro-tections for our Nation’s Dreamers. It is an unfortunate pattern, and I hope it changes, facing historic low approval ratings, the President desperately ral-lies his dwindling supporters by ex-ploiting fear and resentment. Such conduct is shameful and unbecoming of the presidency, an office intended to represent our proudest ideals—not play to basest instincts. I have been here with every President since President Ford, both Republicans and Democrats. We agreed on some things and dis-agreed on some things, but the Presi-dents have always seemed to want to present and represent America’s proud-est ideals. We live in an unprecedented time when our President prefers to divide us, rather than unite us. Instead of honoring the sacrifice made by transgender individuals serving in our Armed Forces, President Trump de-cided to ban them from serving at all. When white supremacists violently ral-lied around hate in Charlottesville, re-sulting in the murder of Heather Heyer, the President equated those who promote bigotry with those who oppose it. There is no equation. The bigotry shown there and the hate shown there is wrong. This week the President targets an-other vulnerable population—Dream-ers. Dreamers are American by almost any definition. They came to the United States as children through no fault—and by no choice—of their own. Those of us who have had children or grandchildren know they don’t make those kinds of choices. They play by our country’s rules. They grow up. They have no criminal records, and seek only the chance to contribute to their communities and make them bet-ter. America is their home. Often, it is the only country they have ever known, just as my maternal grand-parents came from Italy and found a home in Vermont or my great grand-parents—paternal grandparents came from Ireland and found a home in Vermont. They wanted that to be their home. That was the American dream. When you threaten the Dreamers, you threaten the American dream itself. The President’s attempt to justify this decision as deference to Congress or respect for our courts is disingen-uous, at best. It strains reason that a President who signed 90 Executive ac-tions in his first 100 days suddenly cares about deference to the Legisla-tive Branch. It borders on laughable that a President who doggedly defends a Muslim ban found likely to be uncon-stitutional by multiple courts, is now cautious about the litigation risk of defending DACA in court. Dreamers are our friends and neigh-bors. They are students in our schools and universities in all our States. They serve our country in the military. They are among the first responders who come to save your life when there is a fire. Consider, for example, Jesus Contreras, a Dreamer and a paramedic, who saved American lives during Hur-ricane Harvey. If we had thrown him out, he wouldn’t have been there sav-ing those lives. The President’s deci-sion to end DACA is nothing but a cyn-ical ploy to rally the anti-immigrant voices within his base while attempt-ing to escape responsibility for deport-ing some of the most inspiring Ameri-cans in our country. On Tuesday, I received a letter from Dr. Juan Conde, a DACA recipient and resident of Vermont. Dr. Conde was brought to the United States by his mother as a child. In 2007, his mother lost her life battling cancer. This trag-edy inspired him to find a way to help cancer patients like her. Unable to pur-sue his dream of being an oncologist due to his immigration status, he ini-tially decided to pursue a Ph.D. in can-cer research. But Dr. Conde wanted to treat cancer patients, not just study the disease. After receiving DACA sta-tus, he was able to pursue his dream of directly helping patients, applying to and being accepted into the University of Vermont’s Larner College of Medi-cine, where he is currently pursuing his medical degree. He hopes to spend his career here in the United States treat-ing cancer patients and researching the disease that has taken the lives of mil-lions of Americans, including members of my own family. Dr. Conde is the face of DACA. Dreamers have enormous potential and determination to contribute to the only country they have known since childhood. To deny them these oppor-tunities because they were brought here as children by their parents would be cruel and inhumane, motivated more by the toxic xenophobia of this administration than by any coherent policy goals. Stories like Dr. Conde’s reveal why President Trump’s decision to rescind DACA is as senseless as it is callous. Now the fate of DACA is in the hands of Congress. We can bring up a vote on this if the Republican leadership will allow that in the House and the Sen-ate. Some Republicans have spoken out against the President’s decision. It is easy to speak out. Act on it. Vote on it. We Democrats stand ready to protect our Nation of Dreamers. We stand ready to defend the American dream. I hope we are not standing alone. I would invite our Republican friends—stand up with us. Stand up with those Dreamers. I guarantee you, you have some living in your State. I guarantee you, just as my grandparents and my great-grand-parents did, they can make America a better country. Mr. President, I see other Senators on the floor. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise to speak briefly about the news this week that the President is terminating the Executive action protecting DACA re-cipients—Dreamers as we know them— but also putting the burden on the shoulders of this body, the article I branch, to find an appropriate solution. The President often said as a can-didate—and even in his early days as President—that he understood some things about these youngsters. He called them incredible kids, and he also said they would be fine. He did not use that language often in talking about immigrants so those were positive phrases that led many to hope he would continue the DACA Program. Many in his administration wanted him to. Others in this body—this speaker wanted him to continue the program, but he announced he was ter-minating it in 6 months and asked Con-gress to step up. I wanted to just tell you about a cou-ple of youngsters I was with last week. I had a roundtable on DACA at North-ern Virginia Community College, which is one of the largest and most di-verse community colleges in the United States. I held that this last week. I had eight students. They were a fascinating mixture of young men and women. I just wanted to come and share some things about their stories because it demonstrates how these young people, these Dreamers, are a source of strength for our country and that we need to accommodate them. Renata was one of my youngsters. She came to Virginia when she was 3 years old with her parents, her older brother, and sister. She graduated high school with an advanced diploma. Some of us know the International Baccalaureate diploma, which is rig-orous. Now, with DACA, she is study-ing at George Mason, getting a degree in clinical psychology. She does brain injury research. She wants to do that research to hopefully help people like returning veterans who suffer from brain injuries. Giancarla is a DACA recipient from Virginia. She came here a decade ago to be reunited with her parents. She hadn’t seen her parents in 7 years. She received DACA in 2012. She went to Radford University and graduated with a bachelor’s degree in international ec-onomics. Giancarla described how she is so appreciative of where DACA has gotten her in life, but she told me the night before we met, she had a con-versation with her sister. Her sister was in high school and calling her big sister to describe how scared she was about what would happen if DACA was taken away. She talked about her little sister as a hard-working and studious kid, and she is worried she will not be able to go to college anymore and may be separated from family. Min is a young man who is a Korean- American born in Korea and a DACA recipient who is at George Mason studying cyber. He talked about his de-sire to serve the United States and help us with cyber expertise but how the re-moval of DACA could hurt his studies and could hurt his ability to get secu-rity clearances to be able to offer his talents to the country. Gloria, the fifth of these examples— there were eight students there—is an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.039 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5041 September 7, 2017 
interesting young lady from Nigeria. She was born in England to Nigerian parents and brought here as a young-ster. She will be the first DACA recipi-ent in Virginia to graduate from law school, William and Mary Law School. She wants to graduate in December and help new Americans with immigra-tion issues. We talked about all kinds of concerns they have: deportation of themselves or family members, ability to get a driver’s license, the ability to lawfully work and pay taxes—and all of these young people work and pay taxes right now—the ability to get instate tuition, which for many is the difference to being able to get a higher education. We talked about all of it, but we also talked about their love for this coun-try, and the fact that for these young students, this country is all they know. Deportation back to a place they don’t know is not really an option. I was also happy to have at this roundtable—because we talked about there is no such thing as a DACA re-cipient without a DACA ally—parents, teachers, family members, attorneys. They have a support group, and it is really important to acknowledge them too. We had officials from George Mason University, a public, com-prehensive university in Virginia; Northern Virginia Community College, one of our community colleges; Marymount College; Catholic Univer-sity in Northern Virginia—all of these allies, as well as representatives from other groups. The former publisher of the Wash-ington Post, Don Graham, came. He is funding, with others, a scholarship pro-gram to help Dreamers cover cost gaps if they have to pay out-of-State tui-tion, and this is working to help hun-dreds of Dreamers across the country. We talked to them and expressed our thanks to them for what they are doing. I also read stories this week—and I will say this and conclude—about other students. Juan is a 2017 graduate of Virginia Tech and now makes Blacksburg his home. He came to Vir-ginia at age 5 and he said this: 
It’s really hard for me to think of myself as anything but a Virginian and an Amer-ican. It’s really hard to have that part of my identity detached from me. 
That is how he views the reversal on DACA. Guadelupe from the Shenandoah Val-ley—one of Virginia’s very rural areas but has a significant number of DACA recipients. She started her freshman year at Bridgewater College, a small private college in the Valley. She says: 
This is the only country I’ve ever known . . . I’ve pledged my allegiance to the stars and stripes every day. 
This is the country to which these young people pledge their allegiance, owe their allegiance, want to express and act to demonstrate their alle-giance. They are doing it already. They are making us proud. We need to step up. It was my great pleasure in June 2013 to join with the Senators from New Mexico, from Vermont, and nearly 70 others on the floor to do a com-prehensive immigration reform that included many things but included a protection for these Dreamers. It was part of the education of a naive, young Senator who was in my first year to think: Great, we did something in the Senate. I am sure the House will do something, but 4 years later, not only did they not ever take up our bill even in committee, they didn’t even pass anything by way of comprehensive im-migration reform that we could put in a conference together. Now the weight of this is on our shoulders with 6 months. Talented stu-dents like these 800,000 nationwide, be-tween 12,000 and 13,000 in Virginia, have that fear, that anxiety: Are we going to be forced back into the shadows or, worse, are we or our family members possibly going to be deported? I will close and say these youngsters again pledge their allegiance to the United States, and they are dem-onstrating every day that we are richer as a nation because of them. Why would we not want to have these tal-ented young people pledge allegiance to us rather than elsewhere? America has always succeeded because we have been a great magnet for talent—grow-ing our own talent and celebrating it but willing to attract talent from around the world. The society that at-tracts talent in the 21st century is going to be the society that succeeds. The most precious resource in life right now is not oil. It is not water. It is tal-ent. These Dreamers have it, and we should want it. I hope my colleagues will work together in a bipartisan way, both Houses, to provide a protection. With that, I yield the floor and no-tice other colleagues here waiting to speak on the same topic. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, thank you for your recognition. I am honored to come here today and follow Senator LEAHY and Senator K AINE and their speeches on DACA. I have also watched over the last couple of days, and I think almost every Democratic Sen-ator has been down to the floor to speak with passion about this issue. I am just so proud of our caucus and our Members who have stood up and called the President on this issue. Today, I stand with millions of Americans protesting the President’s heartless decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program known as DACA. This inhumane and cruel decision threatens the hopes and aspirations of our country’s young Dreamers, and there is no doubt it will harm the economy. I call on all Mem-bers of Congress—especially the Repub-lican leadership—to act now and to act swiftly to keep families together and allow these kids to realize their huge potential by making DACA the law of the land. That is what we need to do, make DACA the law of the land. If the President will not do the right thing, then Congress must take action and Congress must do this. Democrats, Republicans, and Inde-pendents across New Mexico and throughout our country agree that Dreamers deserve to live and work in the United States. According to a Morning Consult-Politico poll released this week, 76 percent support allowing them to stay—76 percent Democrats, Republicans, Independents. What a big number. Most Americans agree that our Na-tion benefits from the contribution im-migrants make in our communities and our economy. They believe our govern-ment should honor its promise to Dreamers. Many of these young people came here as small children and have not known any other country. Take Roxana. Roxana came to Santa Fe, NM, when she was 1 year old. She is now 22. She registered with DACA as soon as she could. She completed the paperwork, paid the fee, and she has complied with all of the requirements. She now works as a medical assistant with La Familia Medical Center in Santa Fe. La Familia is a great healthcare clinic. It provides excellent medical care to everyone in Santa Fe, including many immigrants and low- income patients. Roxana loves her work at La Familia, and she loves being able to help her fellow immigrants. Roxana had plans to go to nursing school, but the President’s action to end DACA jeopardizes those plans and puts them on hold. In Roxana’s words, ‘‘Santa Fe, NM, is my home. It’s where I know peo-ple. It’s where I’ve lived. It’s where I’ve gone to school. It’s where I’ve grown up. It’s my life. It’s something that is mine but doesn’t truly belong to me.’’ Those are her words. We must give Roxana and the hundreds of thousands of Dreamers what should truly belong to them. Dreamers more than pull their eco-nomic weight in our country; 97 per-cent are employed or are in school or do both. They work in Fortune 500 companies and public schools. They labor on farms and dairies. They create businesses, volunteer in our commu-nities, pay taxes, and pay into Social Security and Medicare. Why would we choose to kick some of our most tal-ented and most productive workers out of the country? Why kick some of our best and brightest young people out of this country? Ending DACA would cause chaos for employers. Forcing these motivated young people out of work could cost us 700,000 jobs—as many as 30,000 a month. That adds up to $460.3 billion in eco-nomic output over the next 10 years. Medicare and Social Security contribu-tions could drop by $24.6 billion over the same period of time. One of those young people who con-tributes in New Mexico is Brandon. Brandon came with his mother from Mexico to the United States when he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.032 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5042 September 7, 2017 
was 2 years old. Brandon goes to col-lege and studies every day to be an ar-chitect, and he makes straight A’s. He holds down a job to help support his family with medical bills and volun-teers in his community. Brandon is grateful for the DACA Program that has given him the opportunity to work and pay taxes. Yes, he is grateful to pay taxes. This President continues to divide our country like no other President we have known. Every day it is clear that his values are not in line with ours. I increasingly believe he is not fit to lead this great Nation. His campaign began with anti-immi-grant and racist rhetoric. He accused Mexican immigrants of being rapists and criminals, and his bigoted words have never stopped. He called for a wall along the entire border with Mexico—a wall that would cost billions of tax dol-lars and which border communities don’t want. He called for a ban on Mus-lim refugees—turning our backs on people who are fighting terrorism and who value the freedoms that we have here in the United States. He tacitly accepted the support of the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and bigots in Char-lottesville. He pardoned a law enforce-ment officer who terrorized the Latino community in Maricopa County, AZ, with unconstitutional raids and who forced detainees into inhumane living situations. Joe Arpaio is not a ‘‘good guy’’ as President Trump called him. Joe Arpaio is the criminal. This President doesn’t seem to value—let alone embody—the prin-ciples that America stands for, and now he wants to kick out of the coun-try young people who do value this country—like Carlos. Carlos was brought to New Mexico from Mexico when he was less than 1 year old. New Mexico is the only home he has known. Because of Carlos’s im-migration status, his opportunities were limited. He couldn’t play sports in school, couldn’t go on field trips, even though he pledged allegiance to the United States with his classmates. Carlos registered with DACA 2 years ago and, in his words, he was given wings. He is a full-time student at New Mexico State University, studying to be a mechanical engineer. He volun-teers as a firefighter. He works as a server at a local restaurant. He began a drive to help Hurricane Harvey vic-tims. Carlos says: 
We as DREAMers have proven ourselves to be worthy of being here in the United States. 
There are 800,000 young people like Roxana, Brandon, and Carlos hoping to do their part to make our country strong. By any measure, DACA has been a huge success. We already have the outlines of a program that works for America. We in Congress must roll up our sleeves and make this program the law of the land, and we must make sure that America truly does belong to Roxana and all of our Dreamers. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
RELIGIOUS TESTS Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I have been doing a lot of thinking lately about the fascinating men and women of Amer-ica’s founding generation. I want to share with you one of their stories. Jonas Phillips was a penniless Jewish immigrant to America. He was an in-dentured servant, a hard-working busi-nessman, and an American patriot who served in the Philadelphia militia dur-ing the Revolutionary War. During the British occupation of New York City, he sneaked messages past the censors by writing notes in Yiddish, under-standing that his adversaries wouldn’t be able to understand or decipher it easily. Years later, Phillips addressed a let-ter to George Washington and to other delegates at the Constitutional Con-vention assembled in Philadelphia. He urged the delegates not to include a re-ligious test in the Constitution as any kind of requirement for service for the Federal Government because no man, he wrote, should be ‘‘deprived or abridged of any civil right, as a citizen, on account of his religious senti-ments.’’ Jonas Phillips wrote this letter for a reason. He wrote this because Pennsyl-vania, the State where he lived, re-quired officials to swear that the New Testament was inspired by God. As a faithful Jewish person, Jonas Phillips could not do that. ‘‘By the above law,’’ he wrote, ‘‘a Jew is deprived of holding any public office or place of government.’’ Thankfully, Jonas Phillips’ letter— Jonas Phillips’ prayer—ultimately would be answered. The Convention had voted unanimously to ban religious tests for Federal office. The language the Framers inserted into the Con-stitution was unequivocal upon this point. It said that ‘‘no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States.’’ When the Founding Fathers wrote the word ‘‘ever,’’ they meant it. That word means something in the Constitu-tion, and we need to protect it. I feel the need to stress this point be-cause of the conduct of some of my col-leagues. Yesterday a Notre Dame law professor, Amy Coney Barrett, came before the Senate Judiciary Committee on which I serve. She had been nomi-nated as a prominent legal scholar and lawyer in this country to be nominated as a circuit judge. That is why she was before our committee. Her nomination has been endorsed by prominent legal scholars from across the political spectrum and across the country, including Neal Katyal, Presi-dent Obama’s Acting Solicitor General in the previous administration. Never-theless, at Ms. Barrett’s confirmation hearing, a number of my colleagues in-sinuated that her Catholic faith would somehow prevent her from applying the law freely and fairly. Here is an actual quote from that hearing: ‘‘Dogma and law are two dif-ferent things,’’ remarked one of my colleagues. ‘‘When you read your speeches, the conclusion one draws is that the dogma lives loudly within you, and that is a concern.’’ Another one of my colleagues even went so far as to ask Professor Barrett to confess her faith under oath in the committee. ‘‘What is an orthodox Catholic?’’ this committee member asked. ‘‘Do you consider yourself an or-thodox Catholic?’’ If these remarks had been some sort of bizarre, one-time aberration, I prob-ably would have passed them over in si-lence. But I feel compelled to speak out because I wondered whether a pattern might be emerging—a pattern of hos-tility toward people of faith who come before this body. Just a few months ago, another emi-nently qualified nominee, Russell Vought, appeared before the Budget Committee to be considered for a post in the Office of Management and Budg-et. One of my Senate colleagues used his time to question this nominee, not about management or about budgets but about the nominee’s evangelical Christian beliefs. ‘‘In your judgment,’’ asked this Sen-ator, ‘‘do you think that people who are not Christians are going to be con-demned?’’ Mr. Vought explained to the committee that he is an evangelical Christian and that he adheres to the beliefs espoused by evangelical Chris-tians. That apparently wasn’t good enough for the questioner, who later stated that he would vote against Mr. Vought’s nomination because he was not ‘‘what this country is supposed to be about.’’ This is disturbing. This is not what the country is supposed to be about— some sort of inquiry into one’s reli-gious beliefs as a condition precedent for holding public office in the U.S. Government. These strange questions have nothing to do with the nominee’s competence, patriotism, or ability to serve among and for Americans of dif-ferent faiths equally. In fact, they have little to do with this life at all. In-stead, they have to do with the after-life—what comes after we die in this life. To my knowledge, the OMB and the Seventh Circuit have no jurisdic-tion over that. This country is divided enough. Mil-lions of Americans feel that Wash-ington, DC, and the dominant culture despises them, and how can they not when they see their leaders sitting here grilling patriotic citizens about their faith like inquisitors. How can they not feel that their values are not wel-come in this Chamber within this gov-ernment? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.034 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5043 September 7, 2017 
Religious freedom is of deep concern to me as a Mormon. Members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints have weathered extraordinary religious persecution. Much of it, espe-cially initially, was sponsored by gov-ernment actors. The first Latter-day Saints were ex-iled from home to home. In 1838, the Governor of Missouri ordered that Mor-mons be driven from the land or ‘‘exterminated.’’ And yes, that is an ac-tual quote. Our first leader, Joseph Smith, once said: ‘‘The civil magistrate should pun-ish guilt but never suppress the free-dom of souls.’’ That, of course, was before he was martyred by a bigoted, angry mob. Our country’s ban on religious tests is a strong bulwark for religious free-dom. As an original provision of the Constitution, this ban against religious tests predates even the Bill of Rights, and it applies not to just some reli-gious adherents but to all of them equally. The religious tests raised against Mr. Vought and Professor Barrett do not favor one sect of Christianity over an-other as was sadly common for much of our Nation’s history. Rather, these par-ticular inquiries tend to favor the sec-ular, progressive creed clung to so con-fidently by many of our Nation’s ruling elites. This creed has its own clerics, its own dogmas, its own orthodoxy, and as these nominees have discovered, it has its own heresies as well. More and more, the adherents of this creed seek to use the power of govern-ment to steamroll favored groups, espe-cially dissenters, from their own per-sonal political dogmas. So they force evangelical caterers to bake cakes celebrating same-sex marriages, as is the case that is now before the Su-preme Court of the United States, and they force nuns to purchase contracep-tive coverage—nuns. They sue religious hospitals that will not perform abor-tions or sex reassignment surgeries for religious reasons. Yes, the secular pro-gressive creed has proved that it is ca-pable of triumphalism and intolerance, just as the creeds that have gone before it, not because its own adherents are uniquely wicked—to the contrary, be-cause they are human. There is a way out of this vicious cycle of religious intolerance, and it is a way that we have to find. That is for all of us to treat one another with ci-vility and respect while jealously de-fending the rights of conscience for ourselves, our neighbors, and all of our fellow citizens—for Christians, Jews, Muslims, atheists, agnostics, and ev-eryone else. This body can do its part by sup-porting legislation like the First Amendment Defense Act and the Mar-riage and Religious Freedom Act, which would protect the people who have conscious objections to recent cultural changes and make sure they are protected against one of the most brutal forms of discrimination that can be brought to bear; that is, the type of discrimination brought about by gov-ernments against individuals. At a minimum, this body can do its part by respecting the constitutional rights of citizens who come before it. Lest we forget, we work for them, not the other way around. I trust my col-leagues—Republicans, Democrats, and Independents—will take this to heart because religious freedom puts all Americans on the same footing. It helps men and women stand upright, honest before the law and before God. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DACA Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I am here today to talk about the DACA Program, the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, which is very important in my State. We actu-ally have 6,000 kids who have gone through that program. As we all know, 800,000 young people who have lived in the United States since childhood are included and af-fected by this recent action by the ad-ministration, which I strongly oppose. These Dreamers were brought to the United States as children through no fault of their own and are working hard to educate themselves and contribute to our Nation. In fact, more than 97 percent of DACA recipients are now in school or in the workforce, and all DACA recipients are required to meet the program’s education requirements. One recent study found that 72 percent of all DACA recipients who are cur-rently in school are pursuing a bach-elor’s degree or higher. According to the American Association of Medical Colleges, more than 100 students with DACA status applied to medical school last year. The young people who have benefited from DACA have often been in our country almost their entire lives after having been brought here as children. They are valuable members of our com-munity, and they have contributed to our economy and to the fabric of our society. In fact, one recent study esti-mated that ending this policy would cost the country over $400 billion over the next 10 years. Ending DACA, which has been in place since 2012, would create tremen-dous uncertainty and risk deportation for nearly 800,000 Dreamers who are studying and working across our Na-tion. When I think of the Dreamers, I think of, first of all, the night that the Judiciary Committee, on a bipartisan basis, passed comprehensive immigra-tion reform. There were Dreamers there. They were there late at night and had tears streaming down their faces. Then I think about the time that President Obama put DACA into place and made it so that they could come forward, sign up, and legally work. Now we are going to turn our backs on those same people, those people who were brought here through no fault of their own. Whether or not the current administration disagrees with the past administration, our country made a commitment to them that they could sign up for this program. Back when we passed comprehensive immigration re-form, I felt that our committee—the Senators who voted for that bill, both Democrats and Republicans—made a commitment to them that day that we were going to work on their behalf. That is why this is so wrong. I do appreciate that this morning the President said that he wants to work to pass this bill and that he said the DACA young people do not have to worry over the next 6 months about any actions taken against them. Those are, of course, good things. I just wish this had not happened in this way, but it did. I am also not surprised that so many people have stood up in support of Sen-ator D
URBIN and Senator G RAHAM ’s bill, that so many Republicans, Demo-crats, leaders in business, leaders in labor, and religious leaders have stood up. As we discuss the fate of these young people under DACA, I am reminded of someone who is not young—Joseph Me-dina, who is a decorated Army veteran and an immigrant who just celebrated his 103rd birthday this July. He is 103 years old. When I found him, he was a young 99 years old. The reason I found him was that we were talking about this very issue—about DACA and about kids, actually, today who want to serve in the military. As we know, through various ways, some of the DACA kids are courageously serving in our mili-tary right now. Of course, they will not be able to if they are deported, but just think that we are actually considering deporting people who are currently serving in our military. In any case, let’s go back 103 years ago or so—actually, maybe a little be-fore that. Joseph Medina came to the United States from Mexico when he was only 5 years old. He did not actu-ally know he was born outside of our country. He had been brought across the border as an orphan by his aunt and his stepfather, and he did not know that he had been born outside of the United States. He had lived his whole life in Sleepy Eye, MN, until he was in an Army boot camp in 1944. At that time, Joseph Medina wanted to serve our country, but he found out that he actually was undocumented. In his own words to me, he said: Well, back then, the Army really wanted us. The Air Force wanted us. The Navy wanted us. Everyone wanted us. So what did they do back then? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.041 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5044 September 7, 2017 
He said: We would go over to Canada under, actually, the guidance of our military for 1 night. He said he got to stay in a nice hotel. Then he came back, and he was a legal citizen. I have not looked into how they did this, but that is how they did it. That was, simply, back then. Then what did Joseph Medina do? He went and served our country. He served under General MacArthur in the Pa-cific. That is what he did. When he came back after bravely serving our country, he got married, and he had a boy. I met that guy. That guy served in the Vietnam war. So we have a dad who served our country in World War II, and we have a son who served our country in Viet-nam, all because at that time there were people who said: Do you know what? You were not brought over with any knowledge that you were even being brought over. You were only 5 years old. They did not deport him when he wanted to serve in our military; they made him a citizen. Joseph Medina came out here to Washington, DC, at the age of 99 to see the World War II Memorial for the first time. I stood there with him as he looked proudly as that memorial, along with two Dreamers, who were high school students, who actually wanted to sign up and serve in the Air Force, but they were barred from doing that under the way our laws worked at the time. I am proud of Joe’s service, but I even want more. Joe’s spirit and his de-votion to our country can continue on and be passed on to other generations. That is what this Dream Act is really all about. It is about other kids who were brought into this country without their knowledge and without their even understanding what was happening and allowing them to be part of that Amer-ican dream. America is a country created by im-migrants. Immigrants have been part of our Nation’s greatest achievements. We need to fix our broken immigration system. Of course we do. That is why I supported comprehensive reform so that we would have had money for order at the border, which would have created a very, very long glidepath to citizenship, but there also was a moral compass to that bill. It has been 4 years since we passed that bill, and as we all know, despite the bipartisan support in the Senate, the House failed to act. By the way, despite reform being good for our economy, I always like to point out to people that of the Fortune 500 companies, 70 of them in America are headed up by immigrants. Of our U.S. Nobel laureates, 25 percent of them were born in other countries. We literally cut off talent when we cut off immigration. In my own case, my great-grand-parents on my dad’s side came over from Slovenia to work in the iron ore mines. When he was in about the sixth grade, my grandpa had to quit school to go work to help raise his eight or nine brothers and sisters, but he al-ways had this immigrant spirit. He never even graduated from high school, but he saved money in a coffee can so he could send my dad to college. On my other side, my mother’s par-ents—my grandparents—came over from Switzerland. My grandma came over when she was very young—I think at 3 years old. My grandpa came over when he was about 18. He was detained at Ellis Island because they had reached their quota of Swiss immi-grants, so he put on his form that he was going to Canada. He did go to Can-ada, but he did not stay in Canada. He somehow got through to Wisconsin and was there as an undocumented alien, and he lived that way for 20 years. He married my grandma, had my mom and her brother. When World War II came along, they required those aliens to register, so he had to register. That is when they found out how he had come in, and they still said that it was OK, that he could register. Then he was kind of emboldened, so he decided to sign up for citizenship. That was when they really looked into it, so he had to have a hearing. He made his case that he had lived here forever and had been there, had had two kids, worked his en-tire time at a pie shop, and they gave him citizenship. I still have that pic-ture of his shining face with that bow tie. I wonder what would happen to him today if he were to come forward. I am not sure he would be made a cit-izen despite the long time he had spent in our country. Now it has happened on both sides of my immigrant family. My dad ended up being a newspaper-man and got to interview everyone from Ginger Rogers, to Ronald Reagan, to Mike Ditka. My mom became a teacher and taught second grade until she was 70 years old. And I stand before you as the first woman elected to the U.S. Senate from the State of Min-nesota. That is the immigrant story. That is a story of a family who came in, not in an easy way, with my grandpa in an uncertain status, clearly, when he came into the United States. So you ask me why I support these Dreamers? Because I had Dreamers in my own family. I am pleased that so many of my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle have spoken out in support of DACA, and it is essential that we now pass this legis-lation to protect these Dreamers. I stand ready to work with my Repub-lican colleagues. I thank Senator D
UR-
BINand Senator G RAHAM for their lead-ership. Let’s get this done. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. CAS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
THE NATIONAL DEBT Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, we have had a lot of action today in the Senate, which is unusual here, and I wish to ad-dress it. I would like to address this to the people in Texas, Louisiana, and to all of those who just experienced the dev-astating results and the impact of Hur-ricane Harvey. Obviously, our hearts go out to those people, and, of course, we are going to do the right thing and help the people of Texas, which is just what we voted on today. But there is a bigger issue I want to speak to today. I relate to this personally because, just last year—almost exactly to the day— our family was evacuated from our home in South Georgia. As I speak today, we were just notified today that my wife and mother-in-law, who are there today, will be evacuating this weekend from the south coast of Geor-gia, trying to get out of the way of the next hurricane—Hurricane Irma— which looks to be a very dangerous storm as well, coming into Florida over the next day or so. But this crisis that we just saw in Texas and that we might see in Flor-ida, Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina with the next hurri-cane—Hurricane Irma—reminds us of a bigger issue. It reminds us that because of our inability to get our financial house in order and as a result of the debt crisis we have today, we are losing the right to do the right thing. Wheth-er it is medical research, whether it is infrastructure, or whether it is edu-cation, whether it is funding our mili-tary, which we will deal with next week, we are losing the right to do the right thing. By that I mean our own fi-nancial intransigence over the last 16 years, primarily, but, I would say, ever since 1965, when we had the Great Soci-ety and the great War on Poverty, which has failed miserably. That was another great, sweeping, progressive, liberal program that failed to make any dent in our poverty rate in the United States. The poverty rate today is fundamentally the same as it was in the days when that bill was signed into law. Because of our intransigence, our ability to appropriate money to deal with disasters like Hurricane Harvey and potentially Hurricane Irma and others is in danger. Moving forward, we just simply will not be able to continue to deal with these emergencies and cri-ses if we don’t have a functioning Fed-eral Government that actually pays its bills and has its financial house in order. The national debt is actually what pulled me into the political process. It is the reason I am in the Senate today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.042 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5045 September 7, 2017 
The people of Georgia understand that this is an underlying crisis that we have been digging here for the last two decades and it simply has to be dealt with. Today we have $20 trillion in debt. I call that a crisis because we do not have a plan to reduce that back to some reasonable percentage of our GDP. This is greater in size than the size of our entire economy. What is worse than that and what is more con-cerning is that over the next 30 years, we have over $130 trillion, by most esti-mates, of future unfunded liabilities coming at us like a freight train. That is Social Security, Medicare, pension benefits for Federal employees, and the interest on the debt, primarily. Here we are dealing with this debt ceiling just today, and I would argue that the debt ceiling has been the most ineffective thing that I have seen in the Senate. Over 100 times it has been extended or increased, and it has not slowed down deficit spending in the Congress. It has not kept us from hav-ing a $20 trillion debt today. Washington knew this was coming, by the way. We have raised or sus-pended this debt over 100 times to no avail. It hasn’t slowed down the debt spending that we have been doing, par-ticularly over the last two decades. Two months ago in June, a group of Senators and I listed the debt ceiling as one of the key reasons why we thought we ought to stay here during the month of August, instead of going home and having our work period there, because we felt that this needed to be debated and that we needed to get to a long-term solution. Exactly 3 months ago today, I stood right here in the Senate and laid out what I thought the real consequences of the debt would be. At that time I said: 
Congress is the only enterprise I can find anywhere in the world that funds its oper-ations the way we fund this government. The problem is we have a system that is abso-lutely, totally broken. It is a fraud that is being perpetrated on the American people. 
I stand by that today. The American people know that this is a fraud per-petrated on them, and that is why I think we have seen change in leader-ship in the White House. Just three months later, we see our debt limit today being dealt with in a way that puts in jeopardy our ability to deal with these national disasters, such as hurricanes and fires. We heard just a few minutes ago about the devastating fires in the Northwest. Let’s be clear. The United States cannot and will not default on our debts. It will not default on our obliga-tions, but this debt ceiling issue should have already been resolved months be-fore now. We actually hit this debt ceiling—just so everybody remem-bers—in March of this year. The Sec-retary of the Treasury has been using unusual measures—extraordinary measures, they call them—to keep the government funded during this period of uncertainty. In fact, we hit this debt ceiling at a time when we should have been dealing with the budget. But still today—as I stand here today—we do not have a budget for fiscal year 2018, and we have 15 days until the end of this fiscal year, or the end of Sep-tember of this year—September 30. Raising the debt ceiling now just until December 15 isn’t what puts our country at risk. The debt ceiling is not the issue here. It is not the problem. It is the unbridled spending that both parties have succumbed to over the last two decades under two Presi-dents—one Republican and one Demo-crat. Our government has grown from $2.4 trillion to $3.9 trillion. That is con-stant dollars. Neither party can point fingers at the other in terms of the ex-plosion and the size of the Federal Gov-ernment. What is worse, as I just said, is that over the next 30 years, our mandatory expenses—it is not our discretionary spending. Discretionary spending in the last 9 years has come down, largely because of the Budget Control Act and because of sequestration. Our discre-tionary spending has come down from about $1.5 trillion to just over $1 tril-lion last year. That $400 billion reduc-tion, though, came on the back, pri-marily and largely, of our military. The debt ceiling has to be dealt with, but it is not the driver of our problems. The budget process is the underlying release valve that causes this problem, and it allows both parties, particularly in the last 20 years, to spend money we don’t have. The budget process, as I have said be-fore on this floor, has only worked four times in 43 years. We have to appro-priate 12 bills a year to fund the Fed-eral Government. The average over that 43-year period is only 21⁄2. That is the fraud that is being perpetrated on the American people. No other body— no other entity that I can find any-where in the world—can get away with that. Yet here we are, kicking the can down the road again for another 3 months. Fixing the budget process alone will not solve the debt crisis, but we will not solve the debt crisis unless and until we fix this broken budget process. We cannot ignore this any longer. We must stop piling up this debt on the backs of our kids and our grandkids. The fix is readily available. This debt crisis is not something we can’t solve. People say: Well, you can’t touch So-cial Security and you can’t touch Medicare. Wait a minute. If we don’t touch them, they are going to be broke in 14 short years. In 14 years, the trust funds of both Social Security and Medicare go to zero—zero. People will not be up here changing Members of this body at the rate they are now. It will be much accelerated. The fix can be done. There are five areas that need attention, and any of these areas can have bipartisan solu-tions. I will not go into detail today. I will just highlight the five areas, but we have to deal with each one of these on their own merits. The budget proc-ess is broken and can be fixed. I believe we have right now, behind the scenes, Democrats and Republicans working together to find a bipartisan, politi-cally neutral platform to present our arguments on both sides of the budget process and to create a budget that ac-tually funds the Federal Government appropriately, without all of this drama and without a release valve of extra spending. The second thing is redundant spend-ing. We know that the GAO, or the General Accountability Office, and the Congressional Budget Office both agree that we have several hundred billion dollars in redundant agencies and re-dundant programs. The third is to grow the economy. This is job one by this President. This President has said that job one of this administration this year is to do the things necessary with the regulatory environment and the tax environment to grow the economy. The fourth area is to save Social Se-curity—not to cut it but to save Social Security and save Medicare. That can be done, and I believe there are bipar-tisan alternatives that we should be de-bating right now. In 21⁄2years, that has not come before this body, and I don’t see it happening in the balance of this year. The fifth area is that, while we de-bated healthcare most of this year, we debated the insurance side of healthcare for the individual market and Medicaid but what we never talked about—and we haven’t under President Obama, President Bush, and, now, even under President Trump—in this Con-gress is that we have not dealt with the spiraling drivers of healthcare costs themselves—healthcare delivery, phar-maceuticals, and the fact that the neediest among us are getting the most expensive care in emergency rooms today unnecessarily. Don’t be misled. We are well into this debt crisis. This is not something that can be solved with a 10-year planning horizon. This is a situation where we need to tell the bond market and the world that we are committed to a 20- year or 30-year period in order to fix this debt crisis. Ideas are coming from both sides of the aisle. One idea comes from the Democratic side that says: Let’s pick a time in the future, put a stake in the ground about what target percentage of GDP our debt should be, and then de-velop a roadmap between today and that point in time in the future to commit ourselves to get there. I ap-plaud that idea. I think that is a genu-inely brilliant idea. It is something that other countries have done before and it is something that works. I hope my colleagues will please re-member that, today, every dollar we spend in our country’s defense, which is about $600 billion directionally cor-rect in our military and between $150 billion and $200 billion for our veterans, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.044 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5046 September 7, 2017 
and all domestic discretionary spend-ing, or about $1.1 trillion—every dime of that—is borrowed money. Let me say that again. Every dollar we are spending on our defense, every dollar we spend on our veterans, and every dollar we spend on our discretionary domestic programs, like what we are doing here today, is borrowed money. This simply cannot continue. I can’t think of any taller order. Between now and the end of the year, as we debate the tax changes that we want to make to our Tax Code so that we can become competitive with the rest of the world, let’s remember why we are debating that tax issue. We are debating the tax issue to be-come competitive with the rest of the world, to grow the economy. That is one of five areas which need to be dealt with. Our regulatory work is the other area in that attempt to grow the econ-omy. But we will not dig out of this debt crisis unless and until we fix our budget process, stop this redundant spending, save Social Security and Medicare, and fix the spiraling nature of our healthcare costs. I can think of nothing—nothing—in our future the rest of this year that is more important than addressing this budget process as we look at tax and dealing with this long-term debt crisis that we have. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
STOP ENABLING SEX TRAFFICKERS ACT Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, it is a tragedy that in the Presiding Officer’s home State of Louisiana, in my State of Ohio, and around this country, girls and women, children and adults, are being trafficked online. Sex trafficking is really a stain on our country. We have taken some actions in the U.S. Senate to deal with this. We passed four or five bills to increase prosecution of those who engage in this, to ensure that women who are victims are treated as such and not as criminals. We have talked about how to help find missing children. I have been involved in those efforts. We have a caucus here on trafficking which has gotten involved in these issues. Here is the reality, as I see it. Unbe-lievably, in the 21st century, this prac-tice of selling people is increasing, and it is increasing primarily because it has moved online, where it is, trag-ically, efficient. We have learned, through an exten-sive investigation over the last couple of years, that there is one website on-line which handles most of the com-mercial sex business and most of the trafficking, and that is a website called backpage.com. What we have done in the U.S. Sen-ate by focusing on this issue is we tried to determine how do you turn the tide, begin to get to the point where, instead of hearing more and more stories about women and girls and sometimes boys being trafficked online, in fact, we are beginning to get to a situation where we can find ways to get those people into treatment and recovery, deal with their trauma, and begin to stop this horrendous practice. It is really taking away the God-given potential of those engaged in it. There is nothing more horrible than meeting a young girl who has been trafficked and hearing the horrendous stories. I was recently back in Ohio and had the opportunity to visit with some vic-tims. I remember one young woman in particular told me she was trafficked at age 9—starting at age 9—by her fa-ther. He would take her to Super Bowls out of town, and he would traffic her online in their hometown. Imagine the trauma and the heartbreak. Typically, now it is connected also with heroin or fentanyl or prescription drugs or other opioids. In other words, these girls or women are often made dependent, in part, from their addic-tion, and the traffickers cruelly use that addiction to force them to do things they would never otherwise en-vision. So we know that. We know this is happening. We know it is increasing. We know it is online. What do we do about it? Unfortunately, as we have learned in our investigation, these websites on-line that engage in this are largely pro-tected. They are immune from prosecu-tion. They are immune from victims being able to get justice. They are de-nied justice because of a Federal law which protects these evil people who knowingly are engaged directly in sex trafficking. That is pretty amazing; isn’t it? But that is what is happening. Victims were denied justice just 2 weeks ago, when a judge in Sac-ramento, CA, dismissed pending charges against backpage.com—this group I talked about—because of what they cited, which is a broad immunity granted by a 1996 law called the Com-munications Decency Act. As the court saw it—and other courts have seen it—this law gives third-party website providers or publishers immu-nity from these kinds of heinous crimes, even if the website is partici-pating in sex trafficking. The court opinion made it clear, it is up to Congress to remedy this injus-tice, suggesting: ‘‘If and until Congress sees fit to amend the immunity law, the broad reach of section 230 of the Communications Decency Act even ap-plies to those alleged to support the ex-ploitation of others by human traf-ficking.’’ In other words, what the courts have said is, Congress, this is up to you. You passed legislation—I believe inadvert-ently—inadvertently—which provides this immunity and protection for these people who continue to engage and par-ticipate in—knowingly participate in trafficking, including of underaged girls. This is just the most recent ruling in a string of judicial decisions that have defended backpage and the other sites from legal challenges, despite their clear involvement in this criminal ac-tivity. In 2016, last year, the First Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of backpage in a case brought by three girls who were sold for sex on the site, but the court opinion noted that in order to fix the problem, ‘‘the remedy is through legislation, not litigation.’’ They called the practice what it is, im-moral, but then they said the solution is not more litigation, it is legislation; in other words, Congress, get your act together—get your act together. These court rulings underscore the need for us to get our act together and to do so with urgency because every day that goes by, more girls, more women are trafficked online, and this must stop. Having met with dozens of sex traf-ficking victims, I asked them the ques-tion, of course: How did it get to this point? Were you trafficked by some-one? How did you find yourself here? Most of these victims—most of these victims—tell me the same story, which is backpage.com. Their trafficker has them, as they say, off the street corner onto the smart phone—and, again, tragically efficient, in the sense that they may be sold 10, 15, in one case, 20 times during a single evening. They de-serve to know we will not passively let this injustice continue. They deserve to know Congress will step up and cor-rect this Federal legislation which we passed in Congress 20-some years ago to deal with this issue. In August, I visited the Oasis House in Dayton, OH. Oasis is a wonderful place. They welcome up to 11 women at a time to live in a faith-based commu-nity which provides them incredible support. It helps deal with the trauma we talked about earlier, helps them to be moving from that trauma to inde-pendence. They are getting recovery and support there. So many of these women have had a transformation, and it is wonderful to see them back with their families or back at work. Speaking with these victims, backpage came up—as it often does. It is just heartbreaking to hear what they had to say—but mostly they can’t get justice; that the website that facili-tated these crimes against them is off limits. That is why, in July, after an 18- month investigation into online traf-ficking, I introduced—along with a number of my colleagues—legislation called Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act. Currently, we have 27 cosponsors in the Senate. We have only had this introduced while we have been in ses-sion for 2 weeks because we introduced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.045 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5047 September 7, 2017 
it just before the August recess, but Senator R
ICHARD BLUMENTHAL , Senator J
OHN MCCAIN, Senator C LAIRE MCCAS-
KILL, Senator J OHN CORNYN , Senator H
EIDI HEITKAMP , and more than 20 other Senators have joined in this ef-fort to deal with the real problem, which is the growth of trafficking due to the online presence and specifically some of these websites like backpage. The bill would make three narrowly crafted changes to what is called the Communications Decency Act to allow backpage and other websites that knowingly facilitate sex trafficking to be brought to justice. First, it allows victims of sex traf-ficking to seek justice against websites. It does so by removing the law’s unintended protection we talked about for online sex traffickers. Sec-ond, it helps law enforcement by allow-ing the prosecution of websites, again, that knowingly assist, support, or fa-cilitate a violation of already existing Federal sex trafficking laws. There is already a law in place that makes it il-legal to engage in sex trafficking. The exception is, again, these websites on-line that are protected by the Commu-nications Decency Act. So it basically says that you will be treated like oth-ers if you engage in, facilitate, and sup-port it. Finally, it lets State law enforce-ment—not just the Department of Jus-tice—take legal action against these websites that violate Federal sex traf-ficking laws. The Communications Decency Act, again, was enacted by Congress a cou-ple decades ago—21 years ago—and now it needs to be brought into the 21st century. Again, it is an important piece of legislation, broadly speaking, but on this particular issue—inadvert-ently, I believe—it has allowed this in-credible injustice to continue. In my view, victims shouldn’t have to wait one more day to get the justice they deserve. State and local prosecu-tors, those on the frontlines, should be able to prosecute backpage and others for their roles in these crimes. The leading website for online sex trafficking has and will continue to es-cape legal justice for its active role in trafficking unless Congress acts. The solution is right in front of us. This bi-partisan legislation will make the changes necessary. By the way, these are changes that a number of groups on the outside have called for and have strongly supported. On August 15, I was proud to an-nounce the support of 16 new Ohio or-ganizations and officials who endorsed the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act. The list includes anti-human traf-ficking advocates, human rights groups, State officials, and Ohio sex trafficking victims, among others. This is in addition to the list of dozens of national anti-human trafficking and law enforcement groups who have come out publicly in support of this bill. I appreciate them. I appreciate what the human trafficking advocacy groups do every day, trying to help these victims. I really appreciate our law enforce-ment officials, and the fact that orga-nizations like the Fraternal Order of Police step forward to support this leg-islation is very important. On August 16, the day after we had this endorsement from all these groups from Ohio, 50 attorneys general from across the United States—50, including Ohio’s Mike DeWine—sent a letter to Congress asking for the Communica-tions Decency Act to be changed to allow State and local authorities to hold backpage and other websites that knowingly facilitate sex trafficking ac-countable. The letter stated, in part: ‘‘It is both ironic and tragic that the CDA, which was intended to protect children from indecent material on the internet, is now used as a shield by those who prof-it from prostitution and crimes against children.’’ They are right. Initially the Commu-nications Decency Act was put in place to try to shield young people from por-nography. What these attorneys general are calling for and what this Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act will do is allow us to go after these websites. This bill will allow victims to get justice, as I said, and will do so in a way that protects internet companies that are doing the right thing. Notably, we preserve the Communications Decency Act’s Good Samaritan provision, which protects those good actors who proactively block and screen for offensive material, shielding them from any possibility of frivolous lawsuits. That is important. The good actors out there—and the vast majority of websites are good ac-tors—have nothing to do with sex traf-ficking. In fact, many of them police their site for it. The Facebooks of the world and the Googles of the world are not the bad actors. We are gaining momentum within the tech community, some of whom have concerns about changing the Communications Decency Act. Just this week, we got a letter from Oracle, strongly supporting the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act. They agreed that this narrowly crafted bill will hold the bad actors accountable while pro-tecting well-intentioned websites. Oracle’s letter says, in part: 
Your legislation does not, as suggested by the bill’s opponents, usher the end of the Internet. If enacted, it will establish some measure of accountability for those that cynically sell advertising but are unprepared to help curtail sex trafficking. 
Other tech companies have also joined in the fight to ensure that we can stop sex trafficking. I know they are going to follow Oracle’s lead in publicly supporting this legislation. Courts across the country, again, have made it clear that their hands are tied. Their hands are tied in bringing backpage and other websites to justice. It is our responsibility right here in the U.S. Senate and the U.S. Congress to change this law. Women and chil-dren have had their most basic rights stripped from them and have been let down by our judicial system and, frankly, up to now, by Congress in their search for justice. With these latest calls to action from judicial rulings and this recent letter from 50 attorneys general, any future injustice in the legal system because of the Communications Decency Act falls on Congress. It falls on the shoulders of those in the U.S. Senate and the House. It is not just the attorneys general around the country who have supported this; the district attorneys have sent a letter this week supporting it—again, other law enforcement across the board. Through this legislation, we have the opportunity to right this wrong, to make a real difference in the lives of vulnerable women and children who have been victims of trafficking. Justice cannot be seen, but its ab-sence can be felt. Those who have been trafficked by backpage, only to see the company prosper and escape legal con-sequences, have experienced unimagi-nable injustice. They feel it. The path to action is clear. Victims need this legislation that the courts, attorneys general, district attorneys, victims, and others have been calling for. Congress must pass the Stop Ena-bling Sex Traffickers Act in order to correct this injustice. I yield back my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Executive Calendar No. 250; that the nomination be con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nomination considered and con-firmed is as follows: 
IN THE ARMY  The following named Army National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: To be brigadier general Col. John K. Muller 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.046 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5048 September 7, 2017 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 188 on the nomination of Timothy Kelly, of the District of Columbia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was unavoidably ab-sent for rollcall vote No. 189, the mo-tion to table Paul motion to refer H.R. 601, the Emergency Supplemental Con-tinuing Resolution and Debt Limit Act, with instructions. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was unavoidably ab-sent for rollcall vote No. 190, the mo-tion to table the motion to refer H.R. 601 to committee with instructions to report back without any provision that was not contained in the House mes-sage accompanying the bill H.R. 601. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was unavoidably ab-sent for rollcall vote No. 191, the mo-tion to invoke cloture on the House message to accompany H.R. 601, with further amendment—emergency aid, debt limit, CR. Had I been present, I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was unavoidably ab-sent for rollcall vote No. 192, the mo-tion to concur in the House amend-ment to H.R. 601 with further amend-ment. Had I been present, I would have voted yea.∑ (At the request of Mr. N
ELSON , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
DIASTER RELIEF FUNDING BILL ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I am home in West Miami, FL, which is now under a Hurricane Watch for Hur-ricane Irma and currently projected to take a direct hit from a category 5 storm. Tropical storm conditions are expected in south Florida less than 48 hours after the time of this vote. Had I remained in Washington, DC, the ear-liest possible return to south Florida would have given me less than 12 hours to safely secure my home and my mother’s home and otherwise prepare my family to face the brunt and the aftermath of a potentially catastrophic storm. Therefore, given these cir-cumstances and the fact that my vote would not have been determinative of the outcome of the measures before the Senate, I felt the prudent course of ac-tion was to remain in south Florida, take appropriate actions to protect my family and helping to coordinate ef-forts between Federal, State, and local officials. If I had been able to participate in to-day’s Senate vote in Washington, I would have voted to approve the sup-plemental package before the Senate, but my vote would come despite sig-nificant reservations about some of the other items attached to this legisla-tion. As I have always done in the past, I support providing additional emer-gency resources for disaster aid and re-covery. Disaster relief is an appro-priate function of the Federal Govern-ment. Unlike some previous disaster relief legislation, these funds are to be spent immediately, and are properly targeted to assist the areas impacted by Hurricane Harvey and potentially Hurricane Irma. The rest of this spending package, however, contains items that, under normal circumstances and offered sepa-rately, I have opposed. I strongly disagree with the decision made by the administration to agree to pair funding for FEMA and emergency disaster relief to short-term extensions to the continuing resolution, the debt ceiling and the National Flood Insur-ance Program unaccompanied by sig-nificant reforms. During my service in the Senate, my support for increasing the debt limit has consistently in the past and will again in the future be conditioned on meaningful spending reforms that ad-dress our long-term debt. Absent extenuating circumstances such as the outbreak of the Zika virus last year, I have consistently opposed passage of short-term continuing reso-lutions because it is an incredibly inef-ficient way of spending taxpayer dol-lars and fails to provide the certainty required for effective planning. I am frustrated that Congress has once again temporarily reauthorized the outdated National Flood Insurance Program without enacting a long-term solution that makes much-needed im-provements for the people of Florida and places this vital program on a sus-tainable path. It is shameful these necessary and important measures are not being con-sidered separately. Linking them to funds needed to assist our fellow Amer-icans recovering from a devastating natural disaster is a cynical effort to avoid subjecting these measures to the scrutiny and debate they merit. Today I was informed by its director that FEMA has less than 2 days of emergency funds remaining. Given that Texas continues to recover from the catastrophic effects of Hurricane Har-vey and that the State of Florida is facing the most powerful Atlantic storm ever recorded, I have no choice but to support this measures, but I con-sider the manner in which this measure was structured, linking emergency dis-aster relief for victims which requires immediate action with other con-troversial measures we still have time to debate through the regular order, to be among the most politically cynical efforts I have ever witnessed. ∑ f 
BUDGET SCOREKEEPING REPORT Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to submit to the Senate the budget scorekeeping report for September 2017. The report compares current-law levels of spending and revenues with the amounts the Senate agreed to in the budget resolution for fiscal year 2017, S. Con. Res. 3. This information is nec-essary for the Senate Budget Com-mittee to determine whether budget points of order lie against pending leg-islation. The Republican staff of the Senate Budget Committee and the Con-gressional Budget Office, CBO, pre-pared this report pursuant to section 308(b) of the Congressional Budget Act, CBA. My last filing can be found in the R
ECORD on July 12, 2017. The informa-tion contained in this report captures legislative activity since that filing through September 5, 2017. Republican Budget Committee staff prepared tables 1–3 of this report. Table 1 gives the amount by which each Senate authorizing committee ex-ceeds or is below its allocation for budget authority and outlays under the most recently adopted budget resolu-tion. This information is used for en-forcing committee allocations pursu-ant to section 302 of the CBA. For this reporting period, 11 of the 16 author-izing committees are in compliance with their allocations, two fewer than my last report. Legislative activity during this reporting period brought both the Committee on the Judiciary, for a State compact relating to the Washington Metrorail Safety Commis-sion, P.L. 1l5–54, and the Committee on Foreign Relations, for the Countering America’s Adversaries through Sanc-tions Act, P.L. 115–44, out of compli-ance. In total, authorizing committees are estimated to increase outlays by near-ly $2 billion more than they were allo-cated over the fiscal year 2017–2026 pe-riod. The largest spending violation since the passage of the current budget resolution occurred during this report-ing period. The VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017, P.L. 115–46, increased budget authority by $2 bil-lion and outlays by $1.9 billion over the fiscal year 2017–2026 window. Tables 2–3 of this report, related to activities of the Senate Committee on Appropriations, remain unchanged from my previous report. In addition to the tables provided by Budget Committee Republican staff, I am submitting CBO tables, which I will use to enforce budget totals approved by the Congress. CBO provided a spending and revenue report for fiscal year 2017, which helps 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.062 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5049 September 7, 2017 
enforce aggregate spending levels in budget resolutions under CBA section 311. CBO’s estimates show that current law levels of spending for fiscal year 2017 exceed the amounts assumed in the budget resolution for budget au-thority by $1.8 billion. However, levels for outlays remain nearly $6.4 billion below assumed levels. CBO also esti-mates that revenues are $1 million above assumed levels for fiscal year 2017 and $8 million above assumed lev-els over the fiscal year 2017–2026 period. Two pieces of legislation, the FDA Re-authorization Act of 2017, P.L. 115–52, and the Countering America’s Adver-saries through Sanctions Act, in-creased revenues this reporting period. The former increased revenues by $7 million over 10 years and the latter by $22 million over the same period. Social Security levels are consistent with the budget resolution’s fiscal year 2017 figures. CBO’s report also provides informa-tion needed to enforce the Senate pay- as-you-go, PAYGO, rule. The Senate’s PAYGO scorecard currently shows in-creased deficits of $2.5 billion over the fiscal year 2016–2021 and $1.9 billion over fiscal year 2016–2026 periods. Over the fiscal year 2016–2021 period, legisla-tion has been enacted that CBO esti-mates will increase outlays by $2.5 bil-lion and reduce revenues by $20 mil-lion. Over the fiscal year 2016–2026 pe-riod, legislation has been enacted that CBO estimates will increase outlays by $1.9 billion and increase revenues by $3 million. The Senate’s PAYGO rule is enforced by section 201 of S. Con. Res. 21, the fiscal year 2008 budget resolu-tion. Finally, included in this submission is a table tracking the Senate’s budget enforcement activity on the floor. Three budget points of order have been raised since my last filing, and each was successful. All of these points of order occurred during the Senate’s con-sideration of H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act of 2017. All years in the accompanying tables are fiscal years. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: TABLE 1.—SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES: ENACTED DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET RESOLUTIONS [In millions of dollars] 2017 2017– 2021 2017– 2026 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Armed Services Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Commerce, Science, and Transportation Budget Authority ............................... 1 1 1 Outlays .............................................. 1 1 1 Energy and Natural Resources Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Environment and Public Works Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Finance Budget Authority ............................... ¥239 468 ¥204 Outlays .............................................. 38 763 91 Foreign Relations Budget Authority ............................... 0 2 10 Outlays .............................................. 0 2 10 Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Judiciary Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 12 15 Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Budget Authority ............................... 0 ¥5 ¥44 Outlays .............................................. 0 ¥5 ¥44 Rules and Administration Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Intelligence Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Veterans’ Affairs Budget Authority ............................... 2,100 3,351 1,949 Outlays .............................................. 0 2,496 1,916 Indian Affairs Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 Small Business Budget Authority ............................... 0 0 0 Outlays .............................................. 0 0 0 
Total Budget Authority ...................... 1,862 3,817 1,712 Outlays ..................................... 39 3,269 1,989 
TABLE 2.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE: ENACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1 
[Budget authority, in millions of dollars] 2017 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Statutory Discretionary Limits .............. 551,068 518,531 Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies .............................. 0 20,877 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies .................................. 5,200 51,355 Defense ................................................. 515,977 138 Energy and Water Development ............ 19,956 17,815 Financial Services and General Govern-ment ................................................. 33 21,482 Homeland Security ................................ 1,876 40,532 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ........................................... 0 32,280 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 161,025 Legislative Branch ................................ 0 4,440 Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 7,726 74,650 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs .......................................... 0 36,586 TABLE 2.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE: EN-ACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1— Continued 
[Budget authority, in millions of dollars] 2017 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 300 57,351 
Current Level Total ............. 551,068 518,531 Total Enacted Above (+) or Below (¥) Statutory Limits .............. 0 0 
1This table excludes spending pursuant to adjustments to the discre-tionary spending limits. These adjustments are allowed for certain purposes in section 251(b)(2) of BBEDCA. 
2Security spending is defined as spending in the National Defense budg-et function (050) and nonsecurity spending is defined as all other spending. 
TABLE 3.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE: EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS) 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2017 
CHIMPS Limit for Fiscal Year 2017 ................................. 19,100 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 741 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 8,452 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 826 Homeland Security ........................................................... 187 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 28 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-lated Agencies ............................................................. 8,009 Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ...................................................................... 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ................................................. 857 
Current Level Total ........................................ 19,100 Total CHIMPS Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolution ........................................................... 0 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, September 7, 2017. Hon. M
IKEENZI, Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2017 budget and is current through September 5, 2017. This report is submitted under section 308(b) and in aid of section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amended. The estimates of budget authority, out-lays, and revenues are consistent with the technical and economic assumptions of S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017. Since our last letter dated July 12, 2017, the Congress has cleared and the President has signed the VA Choice and Quality Em-ployment Act (Public Law 115–46). That act has significant effects on budget authority in fiscal year 2017. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. 
TABLE 1.—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017, AS OF SEPTEMBER 5, 2017 
[In billions of dollars] Budget Resolution Current Level Current Level Over/Under (¥) Resolution 
On-Budget Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 3,329.3 3,331.1 1.8 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 3,268.2 3,261.8 ¥6.4 Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 2,682.1 2,682.1 0.0 Off-Budget Social Security Outlays
a............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 805.4 805.4 0.0 Social Security Revenues ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 826.0 826.0 0.0 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.011 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5050 September 7, 2017 
aExcludes administrative expenses paid from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability In surance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated an- nually. 
TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017, AS OF SEPTEMBER 5, 2017 
[In millions of dollars] Budget Author-ity Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enactedab Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... n.a. n.a. 2,682,088 Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 2,059,997 1,965,841 n.a. Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 132,558 614,596 n.a. Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................¥834,250 ¥834,301 n.a. 
Total, Previously Enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,358,305 1,746,136 2,682 088 Enacted Legislation
b National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–10) .......................................... ....................................................................................................... 1 1 0 A joint resolution making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes (P.L. 115–30) ......... ...................................................................................... 2 2 0 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (P.L. 115–31)
b............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 1,961,750 1,513,846 1 VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–46) ..................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 2,100 0 0  
Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 1,963,853 1,513,849 1 Entitlements and Mandatories Budget resolution estimates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .......................................... ..................................................................................................... 8,928 1,795 0 Total Current Level
c............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 3,331,086 3,261,780 2,682,089 Total Senate Resolution
d............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 3,329,2 89 3,268,171 2,682,088 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 1,797 n.a. 1 Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... n.a. 6,391 n.a. Memorandum Revenues, 2017–2026 Senate Current Level ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... n.a. n.a. 32,351 668 Senate Resolution .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... n.a. n.a. 32,351,660 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . n.a. n.a. 8 Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... n.a. n.a. n.a. 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
aIncludes the budgetary effects of enacted legislation cleared by the Congress during the 114th session, prior to the adoption o f S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017. 
bSections 193–195 of P.L. 114–223 (as amended by Division A of P.L. 114–254), provided funding for innovation projects and state  responses to opioid abuse. CBO estimated that for fiscal year 2017, these sections provided a com- bined $872 million in budget authority, which would result in $256 million in outlays. However, consistent with sections 1001–1 004 of P.L. 114–255, for the purposes of estimating the budgetary effects of those provisions under the Con- gressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (Budget Control Act) and the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Contro l Act of 1985 (Deficit Control Act), those amounts are estimated to provide no budget authority or out- lays. 
cFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the resolution, as approved by the Senate,  does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include these items. 
dPeriodically, the Senate Committee on the Budget revises the budgetary levels in S. Con. Res. 3, pursuant to various provisions  of the resolution. The total for the Initial Senate Resolution shown below excludes $81,872 million in budget authority and $40,032 million in outlays assumed in S. Con. Res. 3 for non regular discretionary spending, including spe nding that qualifies for adjustments to discretionary spending limits pursuant to section 251(b) of the Deficit Control Act. The total for the Revised Senate Resolution shown below includes amounts for non regular discretionary spending: Budget Author-ity Outlays Revenues 
Initial Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 3,226,128 3,224,630 2,682,088 Revisions: Pursuant to sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 .................................................... .................................................................................................. 103,161 43,541 0 
Revised Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 3,329,289 3,268,171 2,682,088 
TABLE 3.—SUMMARY OF THE SENATE PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS, AS OF SEPTEMBER 5, 2017 
[In millions of dollars] 2016–2021 2016–2026 
Beginning Balancea............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 0 0 Enacted Legislation
bcd Tested Ability to Leverage Exceptional National Talent Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–1) ................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....... * * Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule (P.L. 115–5) ............. ........................................................................................................... * * National Aeronautics and Space Administration Transition Authorization Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–10) ............................... ........................................................................................................................ 1 1 Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department  of Education relating to teacher preparation issues (P.L. 115– 14) ............................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. * * Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Clarification of Employer’s Continuing Obligation to M ake and Maintain an Accurate Record of Each Recordable Injury and Illness’’ (P.L. 115–21) .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 1 1 Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by qualified State poli tical subdivisions for non-governmental employees (P.L. 115– 24) ............................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. * * An act to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to modify the termination date for the Veterans Cho ice Program, and for other purposes (P.L. 115–26) ............... 200 200 Making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes (P.L. 115–30)
e............................................................................................................................... .................. * * Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (P.L. 115–31)
f............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 24 25 U.S. Wants to Compete for a World Expo Act (P.L. 115–32) ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. * * Modernizing Government Travel Act (P.L. 115–34) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................... * * Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by States for nongovern mental employees (P.L. 115–35) ............................................ * * Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–36) ......................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... * * Follow the Rules Act (P.L. 115–40) ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................. * * Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–41) ........................... ..................................................................................................................... * * A bill to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protec tion Board lacks a quorum (P.L. 115–42) .................................... * * Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (P.L. 115–44) ........................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .........¥2 ¥12 Wounded Officers Recovery Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–45) ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................... * * VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–46) ..................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 2,271 1,891 Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–48) ..................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 25 ¥175 Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act (P.L. 115–51) ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. * * FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–52) .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... ¥6 ¥51 Northern Mariana Islands Economic Expansion Act (P.L. 115–53) .................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............. * * Granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Colu mbia to enter into a compact relating to the establishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission (P.L. 115–54) .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 12 15 Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, Improvements Act (S. 371) ............................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... * * Bob Dole Congressional Gold Medal Act (S. 1616) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................... * * Current Balance ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 2,526 1,895 
2016–2021 2016–2026 
Changes to Revenues ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. ¥20 3 Changes to Outlays ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 2,506 1,898 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: P.L. = Public Law; * = between ¥$500,000 and $500,000. 
aPursuant to the statement printed in the Congressional Record on January 17, 2017, the Senate Pay-As-You-Go Scorecard was reset  to zero. 
bThe amounts shown represent the estimated effect of the public laws on the deficit. 
cExcludes off-budget amounts. 
dExcludes amounts designated as emergency requirements. 
eThe budgetary effects of this Act are excluded from the Senate’s PAYGO scorecard pursuant to section 202(c) of P.L. 115–30. 
fDivision M of P.L. 115–31 contains the Health Benefits for Miners Act of 2017 and the Puerto Rico Section 1108(g) Amendment of 2017. Division N contains the HIRE Vets Act. Pursuant to section 301(b) of Division M, the budgetary effects of Division M and succeeding divisions are excluded from the Senate’s PAYGO scorecard. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.038 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5051 September 7, 2017 
ENFORCEMENT REPORT OF LEGISLATION POST-S. CON. RES. 3, FY 2017 CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET RESOLUTION 
Vote Date Measure Violation Motion to Waived Result 
168 July 25, 2017 .............................. S. Amdt. 270—perfecting amendment to the American Health Care Act of 2017. 311(a)(2)(B)—Revenues reduced below levels assumed in the budget resolution
a.Sen. Cruz (R–TX) ........................ 43–57, Not Waived 172 July 26, 2017 .............................. S. Amdt. 288—sense of the Senate amendment regarding Med- icaid expansion is a priority and that Obamacare must be im-proved.313(b)(1)—Byrd rule violation, no specification on which provision of the Byrd rule
b.Sen. Heller (R–TX) ...................... 10–90, Not Waived 174 July 27, 2017 .............................. S. Amdt. 389—provided premium assistance for low-income in- dividuals. 302(f)—Exceeds a committee’s 302(a) alloca-tion
c. Sen. Strange (R–TX) .................. 50–50, Not Waived 
aAt the time of consideration, an estimate was unavailable for the McConnell amendment. 
bSenator Sanders raised a point of order against this Sense of the Senate amendment as a violation of the Byrd Rule. 
cAt the time of consideration, an estimate was unavailable for the Strange amendment. Senator Schatz raised this point of order as violating the Finance Committee’s 302(a) allocation. 
dAll motions to waive were offered pursuant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 251 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, BBEDCA, establishes statutory limits on discre-tionary spending and allows for various adjustments to those limits, while sec-tions 302 and 3141(a) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 allow the chairman of the Budget Committee to establish and make revisions to alloca-tions, aggregates, and levels consistent with those adjustments The Senate is considering S. Amdt. 808, which pro-vides emergency funding for disaster relief. This legislation includes language that increases nonsecurity discre-tionary budget authority by $15,250 million this year and designates it as emergency funding pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of BBEDCA. CBO esti-mates that this budget authority will not outlay in 2017. As a result of the aforementioned designations, I am revising the alloca-tion to the Committee on Appropria-tions by increasing the revised non-security budget authority by $15,250 million Further, I am increasing the budgetary aggregate for fiscal year 2017 by $15,250 million in budget authority. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES 
(Pursuant to Sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) $ Millions 2017 
Current Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 3,325,189 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................. 3,263,671 Adjustments: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 15,250 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................. 0 Revised Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................... 3,340,439 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................. 3,263,671 
REVISION TO SPENDING ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
(Pursuant to Sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) $ Millions 2017 
Current Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 634,000 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 553,553 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 1,230,926 Adjustments: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 0 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 15,250 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 0 Revised Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 634,000 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 568,803 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 1,230,926 
Memorandum: Detail of Adjustments Made Above OCO Program Integrity Disaster Relief Emergency Total 
Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ......... 0 0 0 0 0 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................... 0  0 0 15,250 15,250 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ...................... 0 0 0 0 0 
NATIONAL EARTHQUAKE HAZARDS REDUCTION PROGRAM REAU-THORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, yes-terday, along with several of my col-leagues, I introduced the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 2017. This bill would reauthorize a na-tional program to improve the Nation’s earthquake preparedness. Senators M
URKOWSKI , G ARDNER , M URRAY , W
YDEN , HARRIS , M ERKLEY , and C ANT-
WELL are original cosponsors of this bill, and I thank them for their sup-port. I firmly believe that, when it comes to a catastrophic earthquake, it is not a matter of if it will occur, it is a mat-ter of when. It is important that we recognize the threats posed by earth-quakes and do all we can to plan for the worst. By reauthorizing the Na-tional Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, we will ensure that vital re-search, assistance to States, and devel-opment of early-warning systems con-tinue. Earthquakes threaten many areas in the United States—some densely popu-lated, some not. The National Earth-quake Hazards Reduction Program helps four Federal agencies—the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency, the U.S. Geological Survey, and the National Science Foundation—coordinate earthquake re-search and education activities, as well as develop and disseminate informa-tion and best practices in order to pro-tect public safety. The most recent re-authorization expired in 2009. While there is still much that we do not know about earthquakes, we do know that there are many actions that we can take to reduce earthquake risk. We can map active fault lines and uti-lize geological knowledge to inform where we build. Research can help ar-chitects to design buildings that are more earthquake-resistant, as well as ensure that critical infrastructure such as hospitals and powerplants are able to function after an earthquake strikes. Outreach and better coordina-tion can help prepare response efforts, and developing an early-warning sys-tem is a critical tool to guard against severe loss of life. The National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program Reauthorization Act would enable earthquake-prone communities to better prepare and pro-tect themselves by minimizing losses through infrastructure improvements and hazard and risk assessments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.041 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5052 September 7, 2017 
The key provisions of the bill would permanently reauthorize the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Pro-gram, NEHRP; remove outdated lan-guage related to earthquake prediction and instead emphasizes the continued development of earthquake early-warn-ing systems through the Advanced Na-tional Seismic System; require the pro-duction of a set of maps showing active faults and folds, liquefaction suscepti-bility, and other hazards that can be induced by an earthquake, such as landslides; reduce various administra-tive burdens for Federal agencies that are disruptive to the essential mission of the program and improves data shar-ing between agencies; enhance coordi-nation among Federal agencies and with State agencies; provide clear di-rection to the four Federal agencies charged with overseeing NEHRP—the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the U.S. Geologi-cal Survey, and the National Science Foundation—to continue working with States and private sector experts on performance-based design features; di-rect the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to implement a grant program to assist States with incor-porating earthquakes in their hazard reduction portfolios; and direct the completion of a comprehensive assess-ment of the Nation’s earthquake risk reduction progress, as well as remain-ing areas that require more funding. The bill has the support of a wide array of groups, including the Amer-ican Institute of Architects, the Amer-ican Society of Civil Engineers, the As-sociation of American State Geolo-gists, the Earthquake Engineering Re-search Institute, the Geological Soci-ety of America, the National Council of Structural Engineers Association, the National Emergency Management As-sociation, the Seismological Society of America, and the Structural Engineers Association of California. I thank those groups for supporting this bill. We have made much progress to cre-ate a more earthquake-resilient na-tion, but we can do more. This bill pro-vides a positive step forward to ensure that we build on the work that has al-ready been done and continue investing in policies that reduce the risk to life, property, and livelihoods as a result of an earthquake. I thank the Senators who have joined me in cosponsoring this bill, and I urge the full Senate to promptly take up this bill and pass it as soon as possible. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE CARTER COUNTY MUSEUM ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week, I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing the Carter County Museum in Ekalaka, MT. The Carter County Mu-seum is a treasure to our State and well worth the time to stop in and visit if you are traveling through eastern Montana. The Carter County Museum has helped preserve the history of eastern Montana for over 80 years and was the first county museum in the State. This region of our State is known for plenti-ful dinosaur discoveries, and one of the exhibits at the Carter County Museum includes a complete skull of a Triceratops. Recent regional history is also on display at the museum. Arti-facts from American Indian Tribes and late 19th century homesteaders help visitors gain a deeper appreciation for the history of the 41st State to join the Union. Over the past two summers, members of the museum’s staff have used their expertise to help recover the remains of a Columbian mammoth along the Powder River. Just last month, the staff unearthed a mostly intact skull, including both tusks. It is uncommon to find a museum that offers such a unique collection of rare exhibits out-side of a major population center, but that is precisely what you will find at the Carter County Museum. Eastern Montana, widely recognized for its contributions to our Nation in the areas of agriculture and energy, is also home to many items of cultural significance. Local gems like the Car-ter County Museum and all of the folks that make its day-to-day operations possible help make Montana an excep-tional place.∑ f 
30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS COMMUNITY BASED OUT-PATIENT CLINIC IN CARIBOU, MAINE ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and honor the 30th anniversary of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs Community Based Out-patient Clinic, CBOC, in Caribou, ME. Aroostook County in northern Maine is known as the Crown of Maine. It is not just a delineation of the geography of Maine, but a designation of leader-ship. That leadership is nowhere more apparent than in the story of the Car-ibou CBOC and the veterans who fought for years to bring it into exist-ence. Meo Bosse, John Rowe, Raphael ‘‘Ray’’ Guerrette, Percy Thibeault, Wesley Adams, Walter Corey, and Leonard Woods, Sr., did not necessarily imagine that their vision would grow from a first in the Nation clinic to a network of nearly a thousand CBOCs assisting millions of rural veterans; they just saw a need that they could help fill. Since 1987, the Caribou CBOC has been providing veterans with physical, mental health, and administrative services. When it was established, it was the first of Togus’s community based outpatient clinics and the first rural VA clinic in our Nation. It is the commitment of individuals like these veterans in rural Maine and countless others that have carried the standard alongside and after that has helped the VA extend its reach and care to rural veterans across the coun-try. CBOCs and changing models of care for veterans have become vital in how the VA more seamlessly delivers care to those that have answered the call of duty. The partnerships with rural hos-pitals like CARY Medical Center have enabled more responsive care to our Nation’s veterans and deepened ties within these communities. It gives me great pleasure that the Crown of Maine showed the way for hundreds of other sites around the country and that CARY and the veterans of northern Maine continue to support new oppor-tunities to strengthen the networks of care for our veterans.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:30 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3388. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, regarding the authority of the National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-tration over highly automated vehicles, to provide safety measures for such vehicles, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3388. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, regarding the authority of the National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-tration over highly automated vehicles, to provide safety measures for such vehicles, and for other purposes to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following joint resolution was read the second time, and placed on the calendar: 
S.J. Res. 49. Joint resolution condemning the violence and domestic terrorist attack that took place during events between Au-gust 11 and August 12, 2017 in Charlottesville, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.051 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5053 September 7, 2017 
Virginia, recognizing the first responders who lost their lives while monitoring the events, offering deepest condolences to the families and friends of those individuals who were killed and deepest sympathies and sup-port to those individuals who were injured by the violence, expressing support for the Charlottesville community, rejecting White nationalists, White supremacists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and other hate groups, and urging the President and the President’s Cabinet to use all available resources to ad-dress the threats posed by those groups. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2714. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0142)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2715. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2016–9055)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2716. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; British Aerospace Regional Aircraft Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0395)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2717. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0331)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2718. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. (Type Cer-tificate Previously Held by Canadair Lim-ited) Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0333)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2719. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9307)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2720. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0330)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2721. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. (Embraer)’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0250)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2722. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Diamond Aircraft Indistries GmbH Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0640)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2723. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corpora-tion’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0664)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2724. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; SOCATA Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0417)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2725. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Lycoming Engines Recipro-cating Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0788)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2726. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0759)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2727. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron Can-ada Limited’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0174)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2728. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9508)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2729. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0520)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2730. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9052)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2731. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0419)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2732. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9112)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2733. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9520)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2734. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0131)) received during adjournment of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.019 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5054 September 7, 2017 
the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2735. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0335)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2736. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9575)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2737. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0477)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2738. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9304)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2739. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0699)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2740. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0130)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2741. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Romtex Anjou Aeronautique (Romtex) Torso Restraint Systems’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1604)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2742. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; MD Helicopters, Inc.’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0270)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2743. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (217); Amdt. No. 3756’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2744. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (98); Amdt. No. 3755’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2745. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (141); Amdt. No. 3757’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2746. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (128); Amdt. No. 3758’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2747. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (99); Amdt. No. 3759’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2748. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (2); Amdt. No. 3760’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2749. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Colorado City, AZ’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017– 0258)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2750. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace Areas, and Estab-lishment of Class E Airspace; Bishop, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9474)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2751. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Del Norte, CO’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0237)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2752. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Dixon, WY’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0315)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2753. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Willits, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0046)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2754. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace; Kenosha, WI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017– 0210)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2755. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; for the following Texas Towns; Pampa, TX and Seminole, TX’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0185)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2756. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace and Amendment of Class E Airspace; St. George, UT’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–8162)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.021 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5055 September 7, 2017 
EC–2757. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace; Mosinee, WI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017– 0355)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 25, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2758. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace; Mosinee, WI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017– 0355)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2759. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Vivian, LA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0298)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2760. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Hawthorne, NV’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0297)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2761. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Wayne, NE’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0287)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2762. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace; Hilo, HI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0222)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2763. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airspace Designations; Incorporation by Reference’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0798)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2764. A communication from the Fed-eral and Regulatory Liaison Officer, Office of the General Counsel, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Implementation of the Federal Civil Pen-alties Inflation Adjustment Act’’ (RIN2700– AE30) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2765. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy for the position of Gen-eral Counsel, Department of Transportation, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2766. A communication from the Fed-eral and Regulatory Liaison Officer, Office of the General Counsel, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Space Grant College and Fellow-ship Program’’ (RIN2700–AE00) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2767. A communication from the Fed-eral and Regulatory Liaison Officer, Office of the General Counsel, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Processing of Monetary Claims’’ (RIN2700– AD83) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2768. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Incorpora-tion by Reference of ICAO Annex 2; Removal of Outdated North Atlantic Minimum Navi-gation Performance Specifications’’ ((RIN2120–AK88) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9154)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2769. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of VOR Federal Airways V–7 and V–67; TN’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017– 0109)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2770. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Procurement, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘NASA Federal Acqui-sition Regulation Supplement: Award Term’’ (RIN2700–AE32) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 29, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2771. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Maritime Adminis-trator, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2772. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, Department of Transportation, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 822. A bill to amend the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to modify provisions re-lating to grants, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–148). By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, without amendment: S. 1395. A bill to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Re-sources System units in Delaware (Rept. No. 115–149). By Mr. BLUNT, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 1771. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–150). By Mr. BURR, from the Select Committee on Intelligence: Report to accompany S. 1761, An original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for intelligence and intelligence-re-lated activities of the United States Govern-ment, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retire-ment and Disability System, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–151). By Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 1780. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–152). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CRAPO for the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. *Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comp-troller of the Currency for a term of five years. *Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2004. *Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the term of fourteen years from February 1, 2018. *Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be Vice Chairman for Supervision of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for a term of four years. By Mr. HATCH for the Committee on Fi-nance. *Matthew Bassett, of Tennessee, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services. *Gilbert B. Kaplan, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade. *Robert Charrow, of Maryland, to be Gen-eral Counsel of the Department of Health and Human Services. By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Bart M. Davis, of Idaho, to be United States Attorney for the District of Idaho for the term of four years. Kurt G. Alme, of Montana, to be United States Attorney for the District of Montana for the term of four years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.023 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5056 September 7, 2017 
Donald Q. Cochran, Jr., of Tennessee, to be United States Attorney for the Middle Dis-trict of Tennessee for the term of four years. Russell M. Coleman, of Kentucky, to be United States Attorney for the Western Dis-trict of Kentucky for the term of four years. Brian J. Kuester, of Oklahoma, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern Dis-trict of Oklahoma for the term of four years. R. Trent Shores, of Oklahoma, to be United States Attorney for the Northern Dis-trict of Oklahoma for the term of four years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. HASSAN (for herself and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. 1769. A bill to require a new or updated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mobile friendly, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 1770. A bill to approve the settlement of water rights claims of the Hualapai Tribe and certain allottees in the State of Arizona, to authorize construction of a water project relating to those water rights claims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. BLUNT: S. 1771. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, Mr. W YDEN , Ms. H ARRIS , and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 1772. A bill to remove all statues of indi-viduals who voluntarily served the Confed-erate States of America from display in the Capitol of the United States; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ): S. 1773. A bill to amend the Federal Crop Insurance Act to limit the overall rate of re-turn for crop insurance providers and remove the requirement of budget neutrality in the Standard Reinsurance Agreement; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. S
COTT, Mr. H ELLER , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. I
SAKSON , and Mr. R ISCH): S. 1774. A bill to provide protections for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting representation by a labor organization; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 1775. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent the author-ity of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to transport individuals to and from facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs in connection with rehabilitation, counseling, examination, treatment, and care, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. DURBIN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ): S. 1776. A bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to reau-thorize energy programs through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. 1777. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to impose an excise tax on employers with low-wage employees; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. 1778. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit to Patriot employers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CRAPO: S. 1779. A bill to repeal certain provisions of the Federal Switchblade Act to allow do-mestic manufacturers to ship and sell their products to buyers located in other States and to permit the importation of certain knife parts; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. GRAHAM: S. 1780. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Ap-propriations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. H ATCH , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. W ARNER , and Mr. G RASS -
LEY): S. 1781. A bill to reauthorize grant pro-grams to improve the prevention, investiga-tion, and prosecution of economic, high tech-nology, Internet, and other white collar crimes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ): S. 1782. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the definition of full-time employee for purposes of the em-ployer mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 1783. A bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to require each State to implement a process under which individuals who are 16 years of age may apply to register to vote in elections for Fed-eral office in the State, to direct the Elec-tion Assistance Commission to make grants to States to increase the involvement of mi-nors in public election activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , and Mr. L EAHY ): S. Res. 250. A resolution condemning hor-rific acts of violence against Burma’s Rohingya population and calling on Aung San Suu Kyi to play an active role in ending this humanitarian tragedy; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. MCCONNELL: S. Con. Res. 24. A concurrent resolution providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 601; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 82 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 82, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand the denial of deduction for certain excessive em-ployee remuneration, and for other purposes. 
S. 120 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 120, a bill to provide for the creation of the Missing Armed Forces Personnel Records Collection at the National Archives, to require the expeditious public transmission to the Archivist and public disclosure of Miss-ing Armed Forces Personnel records, and for other purposes. 
S. 322 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 322, a bill to protect victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 335 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 335, a bill to achieve domestic energy independence by empowering States to control the development and produc-tion of all forms of energy on all avail-able Federal land. 
S. 364 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 364, a bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to exempt certain recipients of Department of Agri-culture conservation assistance from certain reporting requirements, and for other purposes. 
S. 397 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) and the Senator from Ala-bama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 397, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure fairness in Medicare hospital pay-ments by establishing a floor for the area wage index applied with respect to certain hospitals. 
S. 413 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 413, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.026 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5057 September 7, 2017 
prohibit prescription drug plan spon-sors and MA–PD organizations under the Medicare program from retro-actively reducing payment on clean claims submitted by pharmacies. 
S. 431 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 431, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to expand the use of telehealth for individuals with stroke. 
S. 602 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 602, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include auto-mated fire sprinkler system retrofits as section 179 property and classify cer-tain automated fire sprinkler system retrofits as 15-year property for pur-poses of depreciation. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to women veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 693 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 693, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in pallia-tive care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assist-ant education programs, to promote education and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in aca-demic palliative medicine. 
S. 705 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 705, a bill to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to estab-lish a national criminal history back-ground check system and criminal his-tory review program for certain indi-viduals who, related to their employ-ment, have access to children, the el-derly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes. 
S. 951 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 951, a bill to reform the proc-ess by which Federal agencies analyze and formulate new regulations and guidance documents, and for other pur-poses. S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1002, a bill to enhance the abil-ity of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small busi-nesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 1124 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1124, a bill to grant the Direc-tor of the United States Marshals Serv-ice authority to appoint criminal in-vestigators in the excepted service. 
S. 1343 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1343, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to extend and modify certain charitable tax provi-sions. 
S. 1361 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1361, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physician assistants, nurse prac-titioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pulmonary rehabilitation pro-grams. 
S. 1409 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1409, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the credit for residential energy effi-cient property, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. C
ARPER , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1409, supra. 
S. 1498 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1498, a bill to establish in the Smithso-nian Institution a comprehensive American women’s history museum, and for other purposes. 
S. 1633 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1633, a bill to promote innovative ap-proaches to outdoor recreation on Fed-eral land and to open up opportunities for collaboration with non-Federal partners, and for other purposes. 
S. 1697 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1697, a bill to condition assistance to the West Bank and Gaza on steps by the Palestinian Authority to end violence and terrorism against Israeli citizens and United States Citi-zens. S. 1718 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1718, a bill to authorize the minting of a coin in honor of the 75th anniver-sary of the end of World War II, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 49 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the names of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. M
CCONNELL ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Sen-ator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ), the Senator from Illi-nois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCAS-
KILL), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Sen-ator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ), the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EIN-
RICH), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from Ha-waii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ), the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ), the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Sen-ator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) were added as cospon-sors of S. J. Res. 49, a joint resolution condemning the violence and domestic terrorist attack that took place during events between August 11 and August 12, 2017 in Charlottesville, Virginia, recognizing the first responders who lost their lives while monitoring the events, offering deepest condolences to the families and friends of those indi-viduals who were killed and deepest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.028 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5058 September 7, 2017 
sympathies and support to those indi-viduals who were injured by the vio-lence, expressing support for the Char-lottesville community, rejecting White nationalists, White supremacists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and other hate groups, and urging the President and the President’s Cabinet to use all available resources to address the threats posed by those groups. 
AMENDMENT NO . 328 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 328 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 329 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 329 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 479 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 479 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 533 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 533 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 559 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 559 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 593 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. WARREN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 593 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 622 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 622 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 623 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 623 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 663 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 663 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 671 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 671 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 763 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 763 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 799 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 799 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 806 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 806 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. H AR-
RIS, and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 1772. A bill to remove all statues of individuals who voluntarily served the Confederate States of America from display in the Capitol of the United States; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. Mr. BOOKER. Mr.President, today I rise to speak about the introduction of the Confederate Monument Removal Act. This legislation would properly re-move certain statues on display in the Capitol as part of the National Stat-uary Hall Collection so they can be ex-hibited elsewhere in the proper histor-ical context. I am proud to introduce this legislation today and I want to thank Representative B
ARBARA LEEfor her leadership in the House on this bill. On July 2, 1864, a law was enacted that created the National Statuary Hall Collection, which allows states to select two statues of deceased individ-uals to be displayed in the Capitol. States are supposed to choose people ‘‘who have been citizens thereof, and il-lustrious for their historic renown or for distinguished civil or military serv-ices.’’ Figures like George Washington, Samuel Adams, and Dwight D. Eisen-hower grace the collection and are prominently on display in the Capitol. The collection is meant to honor patri-ots who served, sacrificed, or made tre-mendous contributions to our Nation. People who served the Confederate States of America do not deserve that honor. These are individuals who took up arms against the Union and in-flicted catastrophic death and suffering among United States citizens. Simply put, they fall well short of that high bar. Moreover, the presence of these stat-ues in the National Statuary Hall Col-lection ignores the context in which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.030 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5059 September 7, 2017 
these monuments were first erected. Statues of Robert E. Lee and Jefferson Davis were erected across the United States in the post-Reconstruction era and during the civil rights movement as symbols of white suppression and de-fiance of Federal authority. They do not represent Southern heritage and those who advocate thus are engaging in revisionist history and are white-washing our past. That is why I am introducing the Confederate Monument Removal Act, a bill that would mandate the removal of all eleven statues of people who volun-tarily served the Confederate States of America from the National Statuary Hall Collection in the Capitol within 120 days. The list of statues that would be removed includes Joseph Wheeler of Alabama, Uriah Milton Rose of Arkan-sas, Edmund Kirby Smith of Florida, Zebulon Vance of North Carolina, Alex-ander Hamilton Stephens of Georgia, Edward Douglas White of Louisiana, Jefferson Davis of Mississippi, James Zachariah George of Mississippi, Wade Hampton of South Carolina, Robert E. Lee of Virginia, and John Kenna of West Virginia. The legislation would allow a State who selected the statue to be displayed in the collection to reclaim the statue if they pay for its transportation back to the State. If a State declines to re-claim it back, it would turn possession of the statue over to the Smithsonian, an institution that is more than capa-ble of displaying the statues in the proper historical context and where a constructive dialogue can take place about our Nation’s history. I am grateful that this legislation is endorsed by organizations such as the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the National Associa-tion for the Advancement of Colored People, and the NAACP Legal Defense Fund. Some have argued that this will lead to the removal of other statues and monuments of prominent figures who played an important role in our Na-tion’s history. That is plainly false. This bill only touches on those who were traitors against their Country and whose statues were erected as a symbol of white supremacy. It is true that the Confederate Monu-ment Removal Act does not remove certain statues in the Capitol that some people find offensive and who ar-guably should not be honored in such a way. For instance, the bill would not remove the statue of John C. Calhoun, a white supremacist and a vigorous de-fender of slavery. This is a conversa-tion we as a Nation must have regard-ing how to best tell the truth of our past. But surely we can all agree that peo-ple who took up arms against their Country should not be venerated in the Capitol, a place all Americans should feel welcomed, encouraged, and in-spired. These statues must be moved not just because of who they were in the past, but because of who we are now as a Nation and who we must be to ensure an even better and brighter fu-ture for generations to come. I am proud to introduce the Confed-erate Monument Removal Act and I urge its speedy passage. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. H ATCH , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. W
ARNER , and Mr. G RASSLEY ): S. 1781. A bill to reauthorize grant programs to improve the prevention, investigation, and prosecution of eco-nomic, high technology, Internet, and other white collar crimes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1781 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National White Collar Crime Control Act of 2017’’ 
SEC. 2. PREVENTION, INVESTIGATION, AND PROS-ECUTION OF ECONOMIC, HIGH TECHNOLOGY, INTERNET, AND OTHER WHITE COLLAR CRIME. 
Section 401 of the Prioritizing Resources and Organization for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 3713a) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) G
RANTS .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance is authorized to enter into a cooperative agreement with or make a grant to an eligible entity for the purpose of improving the identification, in-vestigation, and prosecution of white collar crime (including each category of such crimes set forth in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (2)) by providing comprehensive, direct, and practical training and technical assistance to law enforcement officers, investigators, auditors and prosecu-tors in States and units of local government. ‘‘(2) W
HITE COLLAR CRIME DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘white collar crime’ includes— ‘‘(A) high-tech crime, including cyber and electronic crime and related threats; ‘‘(B) economic crime, including financial fraud and mortgage fraud; and ‘‘(C) Internet-based crime against children and child pornography. ‘‘(3) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this sub-section include the following: ‘‘(A) To ensure that training is available for State, local, tribal and territorial law en-forcement agencies and officers nationwide to support local efforts to identify, prevent, investigate, and prosecute cyber and finan-cial crimes, including those crimes facili-tated via computer networks and other elec-tronic means, and crimes involving financial and economic impacts such as intellectual property crimes. ‘‘(B) To deliver training to State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement offi-cers, and other criminal justice professionals concerning the use of proven methodologies to— ‘‘(i) prevent, detect, and respond to white collar crimes; ‘‘(ii) recognize emerging issues; ‘‘(iii) manage electronic and financial crime evidence; and ‘‘(iv) improve local criminal justice agency responses to such threats. ‘‘(C) To provide operational and technical assistance and training concerning tools, products, resources, guidelines, and proce-dures to— ‘‘(i) aid and enhance criminal intelligence analysis; and ‘‘(ii) conduct white collar crime investiga-tions and related justice information sharing at the local and State levels. ‘‘(D) To provide appropriate training on protections for privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties in the conduct of criminal intel-ligence analysis and cyber and electronic crime and financial crime investigations, in-cluding in the development of policies, guidelines, and procedures by State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement agen-cies to protect and enhance privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties protections and identify weaknesses and gaps in the protec-tion of privacy, civil rights, and civil lib-erties. ‘‘(4) AUTHORIZED PROGRAMS .—A grant or co-operative agreement awarded under this sub-section may be made only for the following programs, with respect to the prevention, in-vestigation, and prosecution of certain criminal activities: ‘‘(A) Programs to provide a nationwide support system for State and local criminal justice agencies. ‘‘(B) Programs to assist State and local criminal justice agencies to develop, estab-lish, and maintain intelligence-focused polic-ing strategies and related information shar-ing. ‘‘(C) Programs to provide training and in-vestigative support services to State and local criminal justice agencies to provide such agencies with skills and resources need-ed to investigate and prosecute white collar criminal activities and related criminal ac-tivities. ‘‘(D) Programs to provide research support, to establish partnerships, and to provide other resources to aid State and local crimi-nal justice agencies to prevent, investigate, and prosecute white collar criminal activi-ties and related problems. ‘‘(E) Programs to provide information and research to the general public to facilitate the prevention of white collar criminal ac-tivities. ‘‘(F) Programs to establish or support na-tional training and research centers region-ally to provide training and research services for State and local criminal justice agencies. ‘‘(G) Programs to provide training and oversight to State and local criminal justice agencies to develop and comply with applica-ble privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties related policies, procedures, rules, laws, and guidelines. ‘‘(H) Any other programs specified by the Attorney General as furthering the purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible for an award of a grant or cooperative agreement under this subsection, an entity shall submit to the Director of the Bureau of Justice As-sistance an application in such form and manner, and containing such information, as required by the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance. ‘‘(6) E
LIGIBILITY .—States, units of local government, not-for-profit entities, and in-stitutions of higher-education with dem-onstrated capacity and experience in deliv-ering training, technical assistance and other resources including direct, practical laboratory training to law enforcement offi-cers, investigators, auditors and prosecutors in States and units of local government and over the Internet shall be eligible to receive an award under this subsection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.033 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5060 September 7, 2017 
‘‘(7) R ULES AND REGULATIONS .—The Direc-tor of the Bureau of Justice Assistance shall promulgate such rules and regulations as are necessary to carry out this subsection, in-cluding rules and regulations for submitting and reviewing applications under paragraph (5). ‘‘(8) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated $13,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out this subsection. ‘‘(c) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All grants awarded by the Director of the Bureau of Justice As-sistance under this section shall be subject to the following accountability provisions: ‘‘(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a find-ing in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or re-solved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. ‘‘(B) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this section to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall deter-mine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. ‘‘(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of grant funds under this section that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this section during the first 2 fiscal years beginning after the end of the 12- month period described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance shall give priority to eli-gible applicants that did not have an unre-solved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an application for a grant under this section. ‘‘(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is awarded grant funds under this section dur-ing the 2-fiscal-year period during which the entity is barred from receiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance shall— ‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the amount of the grant funds that were improp-erly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and ‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. ‘‘(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this paragraph and the grant programs under this part, the term ‘nonprofit organization’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Director of the Bu-reau of Justice Assistance may not award a grant under this section to a nonprofit orga-nization that holds money in offshore ac-counts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organi-zation that is awarded a grant under this section and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presump-tion of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees, and key employees, shall disclose to the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance, in the ap-plication for the grant, the process for deter-mining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensation, the com-parability data used, and contemporaneous substantiation of the deliberation and deci-sion. Upon request, the Director of the Bu-reau of Justice Assistance shall make the in-formation disclosed under this subparagraph available for public inspection. ‘‘(3) CONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(A) L
IMITATION .—No amounts made avail-able to the Department of Justice under this section may be used by the Attorney Gen-eral, or by any individual or entity awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this section, to host or sup-port any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made avail-able by the Department of Justice, unless the head of the relevant agency or depart-ment provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host the conference. ‘‘(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written ap-proval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney Gen-eral shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this paragraph. ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attor-ney General shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives, an annual certification— ‘‘(A) indicating whether— ‘‘(i) all audits issued by the Office of the Inspector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; ‘‘(ii) all mandatory exclusions required under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; and ‘‘(iii) all reimbursements required under paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and ‘‘(B) that includes a list of any grant re-cipients excluded under paragraph (1) from the previous year. ‘‘(d) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Before the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance awards a grant to an applicant under this section, the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance shall compare potential grant awards with other grants awarded under this section to determine if duplicate grant awards are awarded for the same purpose. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—If the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance awards duplicate grants to the same applicant for the same purpose the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that includes— ‘‘(A) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, including the total dollar amount of any du-plicate grants awarded; and ‘‘(B) the reason the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance awarded the duplicate grants.’’. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 250—CON-DEMNING HORRIFIC ACTS OF VI-OLENCE AGAINST BURMA’S ROHINGYA POPULATION AND CALLING ON AUNG SAN SUU KYI TO PLAY AN ACTIVE ROLE IN ENDING THIS HUMANITARIAN TRAGEDY Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , and Mr. L EAHY ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations: 
S. R ES. 250 Whereas the Rohingya are one of Burma’s many ethnic minorities that have lived under military dictatorship for most of the last few decades; Whereas approximately 1,000,000 Rohingya live predominantly in Burma’s Rakhine State, where they have faced ongoing repres-sion under the Burmese military, including the revocation of their citizenship, killings, and mass rape; Whereas there is historical animosity be-tween the majority Buddhist population and the minority Rohingya, with many in the Buddhist majority seeing the Rohingya as il-legal immigrants from across the border in Bangladesh despite generational roots; Whereas since 1999, the Department of State has regularly expressed concern over legal, economic, and social discrimination against Burma’s Rohingya population; Whereas an outbreak of communal vio-lence in the Rakhine State in 2012 saw more than 100,000 displaced, and tens of thousands of Rohingya forced into squalid camps where travel was, and continues to be, restricted; Whereas the United Nations Special Rapporteur for Human Rights in Burma re-ported ‘‘a long history of discrimination and persecution against the Rohingya’’; Whereas Aung San Suu Kyi spent 15 years under house arrest for her peaceful advocacy of democracy in Burma, and during those years she was awarded the Sakharov human rights prize from the European Parliament, the Nobel Peace Prize, the United States Presidential Medal of Freedom, and the Con-gressional Gold Medal for her tireless strug-gle for democracy and human rights; Whereas in her 2012 Nobel lecture Aung San Suu Kyi made an impassioned appeal to the world— (1) not to forget those who are suffering ‘‘hunger, disease, displacement, joblessness, poverty, injustice, discrimination, prejudice, bigotry’’ and war; and (2) that ‘‘wherever suffering is ignored, there will be the seeds of conflict, for suf-fering degrades and embitters and enrages’’; Whereas in a landmark election held in No-vember 2015, Aung San Suu Kyi’s National League for Democracy won a landslide vic-tory in the first national vote since Burma’s nominal transition to civilian authority, after which Aung San Suu Kyi was named State Counsellor, a role created for her that made her the country’s de facto leader; Whereas in August 2016, Aung San Suu Kyi helped to establish the high-level Advisory Commission on Rakhine State, which is headed by former United Nations Secretary- General Kofi Annan, in order to address the mistreatment of the Rohingya; Whereas in October 2016, attacks on border police outposts led to reports of horrific human rights abuses against the Rohingya in a brutal military crackdown; Whereas in December 2016, a letter to the United Nations Security Council, which was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.034 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5061 September 7, 2017 
signed by 23 international activists, includ-ing more than a dozen fellow Nobel laure-ates, called out Aung San Suu Kyi for her si-lence on the treatment of the Rohingya; Whereas in February 2017, the United Na-tions Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights issued a report, finding that crimes against the Rohingya ‘‘seems to have been widespread as well as systematic, indi-cating the very likely commission of crimes against humanity’’; Whereas in March 2017, the United Nations Human Rights Council adopted a resolution creating a Fact-Finding Mission to Myanmar to investigate allegations of human rights abuses against the Rohingya and issue a re-port by the following year; Whereas in April 2017, Aung San Suu Kyi denied that ethnic cleansing had taken place against her country’s Rohingya minority de-spite widespread and reputable reporting of human rights abuses in Rakhine State; Whereas on August 25, 2017, fighters from the small militant group the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army conducted sur-prise raids on 30 police stations and an army base in Rakhine State, in which more than 100 people died, including at least 10 police-men and many militants; Whereas the attack resulted in a brutal and methodical reprisal by the Burmese military on villages, with helicopters firing on civilians, the razing of villages with pet-rol bombs, and front line troops cutting off families’ escape routes; Whereas the assault caused more than 140,000 Rohingya to flee for Bangladesh and more than 30,000 Rohingya are estimated to be trapped in conflict zones in western Burma; Whereas United Nations field work and the delivery of vital supplies of food, water, and medicine were suspended by the Government of Burma due to security concerns, leaving thousands of Rohingya vulnerable amid the deadly outbreak of violence; and Whereas on August 31, 2017, the United Na-tions Security Council met to discuss the vi-olence against the Rohingya in Rakhine State: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the violence and displace-ment inflicted on Burma’s Rohingya civil-ians; (2) calls for an immediate halt to all hos-tilities by Burmese authorities; (3) condemns the attacks by the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army militant group; (4) urges the Government of Burma to allow— (A) unrestricted access to the United Na-tions Fact-Finding Mission on Myanmar; and (B) the resumption of the delivery of field work and aid from critical humanitarian or-ganizations to help those displaced and in-jured and to monitor events in Rakhine State; (5) calls on the Government of Burma to implement the August 2017 recommendations of its Advisory Commission on Rakhine State, including— (A) to end restrictions on the movement of the Rohingya; and (B) to provide the Rohingya with citizen-ship; and (6) encourages Aung San Suu Kyi to live up to her inspiring words upon receiving the 2012 Nobel Peace Prize with respect to ethnic reconciliation in Burma and to address the historic and brutal repression of the Rohingya in Rakhine State. SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 24—PROVIDING FOR A COR-RECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 601 Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted the fol-lowing concurrent resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 24 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill H.R. 601, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the following corrections: (1) Amend the long title so as to read : ‘‘Mak- ing continuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes’’. (2) Insert before the first section 1 immediately following the enacting clause the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 and Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Require-ments Act, 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. DIVISION A—REINFORCING EDUCATION ACCOUNTABILITY IN DEVELOPMENT ACT DIVISION B—SUPPLEMENTAL APPRO-PRIATIONS FOR DISASTER RELIEF RE-QUIREMENTS ACT, 2017 DIVISION C—TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF PUBLIC DEBT RELIEF DIVISION D—CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any division of this Act shall be treated as refer-ring only to the provisions of that division. DIVISION A—REINFORCING EDUCATION ACCOUNTABILITY IN DEVELOPMENT ACT (3) In section 3, strike subparagraph (B) of section 105(c)(4) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as added by such section 3, and all that follows through the end of such section 3, and insert the following: ‘‘(B) such assistance can produce a sub-stantial, measurable impact on children and educational systems; and ‘‘(C) there is the greatest opportunity to reduce childhood and adolescence exposure to or engagement in violent extremism or extremist ideologies.’’. (4) Insert after section 3 the following: 
SEC. 4. COMPREHENSIVE INTEGRATED UNITED STATES STRATEGY TO PROMOTE BASIC EDUCATION. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a comprehensive United States strategy to be carried out during the following five fiscal years to promote quality basic education in partner countries by— (1) seeking to equitably expand access to basic education for all children, particularly marginalized children and vulnerable groups; and (2) measurably improving the quality of basic education and learning outcomes. (b) R
EQUIREMENT TOCONSULT .—In devel- oping the strategy required under subsection (a), the President shall consult with— (1) the appropriate congressional commit-tees; (2) relevant Executive branch agencies and officials; (3) partner country governments; and (4) local and international nongovern-mental organizations, including faith-based organizations and organizations representing students, teachers, and parents, and other development partners engaged in basic edu-cation assistance programs in developing countries. (c) PUBLIC COMMENT .—The President shall provide an opportunity for public comment on the strategy required under subsection (a). (d) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required under subsection (a)— (1) shall be developed and implemented consistent with the principles set forth in section 105(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as added by section 3; and (2) shall seek— (A) to prioritize assistance provided under this subsection to countries that are part-ners of the United States and whose popu-lations are most in need of improved basic education, as determined by indicators such as literacy and numeracy rates; (B) to build the capacity of relevant actors in partner countries, including in govern-ment and in civil society, to develop and im-plement national education plans that meas-urably improve basic education; (C) to identify and replicate successful interventions that improve access to and quality of basic education in conflict set-tings and in partner countries; (D) to project general levels of resources needed to achieve stated program objectives; (E) to develop means to track implementa-tion in partner countries and ensure that such countries are expending appropriate do-mestic resources and instituting any rel-evant legal, regulatory, or institutional re-forms needed to achieve stated program ob-jectives; (F) to leverage United States capabilities, including through technical assistance, training, and research; and (G) to improve coordination and reduce du-plication among relevant Executive branch agencies and officials, other donors, multi-lateral institutions, nongovernmental orga-nizations, and governments in partner coun-tries. 
SEC. 5. IMPROVING COORDINATION AND OVER-SIGHT. 
(a) S ENIOR COORDINATOR OF UNITED STATES  I
NTERNATIONAL BASIC EDUCATION ASSIST -
ANCE .—There is established within the United States Agency for International De-velopment a Senior Coordinator of United States International Basic Education Assist-ance (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Sen-ior Coordinator’’). The Senior Coordinator shall be appointed by the President, shall be a current USAID employee serving in a ca-reer or noncareer position in the Senior Ex-ecutive Service or at the level of a Deputy Assistant Administrator or higher, and shall serve concurrently as the Senior Coordi-nator. (b) D
UTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Senior Coordinator shall have primary responsibility for the oversight and coordination of all resources and activities of the United States Govern-ment relating to the promotion of inter-national basic education programs and ac-tivities. (2) S
PECIFIC DUTIES .—The Senior Coordi-nator shall— (A) facilitate program and policy coordina-tion of international basic education pro-grams and activities among relevant Execu-tive branch agencies and officials, partner governments, multilateral institutions, the private sector, and nongovernmental and civil society organizations; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.035 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5062 September 7, 2017 
(B) develop and revise the strategy re-quired under section 4; (C) monitor, evaluate, and report on activi-ties undertaken pursuant to the strategy re-quired under section 4; and (D) establish due diligence criteria for all recipients of funds provided by the United States to carry out activities under this Act and the amendments made by this Act. (c) O
FFSET .—In order to eliminate duplica-tion of effort and activities and to offset any costs incurred by the United States Agency for International Development in appointing the Senior Coordinator under subsection (a), the President shall, after consulting with ap-propriate congressional committees, elimi-nate a position within the United States Agency for International Development (un-less otherwise authorized or required by law) that the President determines to be nec-essary to fully offset such costs and elimi-nate duplication. 
SEC. 6. MONITORING AND EVALUATION OF PRO-GRAMS. 
The President shall seek to ensure that programs carried out under the strategy re-quired under section 4 shall— (1) apply rigorous monitoring and evalua-tion methodologies to determine if programs and activities provided under this subsection accomplish measurable improvements in lit-eracy, numeracy, or other basic skills devel-opment that prepare an individual to be an active, productive member of society and the workforce; (2) include methodological guidance in the implementation plan and support systemic data collection using internationally com-parable indicators, norms, and methodolo-gies, to the extent practicable and appro-priate; (3) disaggregate all data collected and re-ported by age, gender, marital status, dis-ability, and location, to the extent prac-ticable and appropriate; (4) include funding for both short- and long-term monitoring and evaluation to en-able assessment of the sustainability and scalability of assistance programs; and (5) support the increased use and public availability of education data for improved decision making, program effectiveness, and monitoring of global progress. 
SEC. 7. TRANSPARENCY AND REPORTING TO CONGRESS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT ON THE IMPLEMENTA -
TION OF STRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the end of each fiscal year during which the strategy developed pursuant to section 4(a) is carried out, the President shall— (1) submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that describes the im-plementation of such strategy; and (2) make the report described in paragraph (1) available to the public. (b) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of the efforts made by rel-evant Executive branch agencies and offi-cials to implement the strategy developed pursuant to section 4, with a particular focus on the activities carried out under the strat-egy; (2) a description of the extent to which each partner country selected to receive as-sistance for basic education meets the pri-ority criteria specified in section 105(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act, as added by sec-tion 3; and (3) a description of the progress achieved over the reporting period toward meeting the goals, objectives, benchmarks, and time-frames specified in the strategy developed pursuant to section 4 at the program level, as developed pursuant to monitoring and evaluation specified in section 6, with par-ticular emphasis on whether there are de-monstrable student improvements in lit-eracy, numeracy, or other basic skills devel-opment that prepare an individual to be an active, productive member of society and the workforce. (5) In division B, under the heading ‘‘DIS-
ASTER RELIEF FUND ’’, strike the first ‘‘Provided further’’ and insert ‘‘Provided’’. (6) In section 101(c)(1) of division C, strike ‘‘under section 101(a)’’ and insert ‘‘under sec-tion 101(b)(1)’’. (7) Strike the final section 4 and all that fol-lows through the end. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 810. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 811. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 812. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 813. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 814. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 815. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 816. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. P AUL) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 601, to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing coun-tries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes. SA 817. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 816 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. P AUL) to the bill H.R. 601, supra. SA 818. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 817 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 816 proposed by Mr . M
CCONNELL (for Mr. P AUL) to the bill H.R. 601, supra. SA 819. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 820. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 821. Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 822. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 823. Mr. MCCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 824. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 825. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. H OEVEN , and Mr. T ESTER ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 826. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 827. Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 828. Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 829. Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 830. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 831. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 832. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 833. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 834. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 835. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 836. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 837. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 838. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 839. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 840. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 841. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 842. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:08 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.042 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5063 September 7, 2017 
SA 843. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 844. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 845. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 846. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. C
RAPO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 847. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 848. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 849. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. N ELSON , and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 850. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. M ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 851. Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. D URBIN , and Ms. D UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 852. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 853. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 854. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 810. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW AND CONTIN-UED APPLICABILITY OF SANCTIONS UNDER THE SERGEI MAGNITSKY RULE OF LAW ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2012. 
Section 216(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Russia Sanc-tions Review Act of 2017 (part 1 of subtitle A of title II of Public Law 115–44) is amended— (1) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(IV) the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012 (title IV of Public Law 112–208; 22 U.S.C. 5811 note); and’’. 
SA 811. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1273. REPORT ON EFFECTS ON DIPLOMATIC, ECONOMIC, AND NATIONAL SECU-RITY INTERESTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF WITHDRAWAL FROM THE PARIS ACCORDS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of Defense, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the effects on United States diplo-matic, economic, and national security in-terests if the United States withdraws from the Paris Accords. (b) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. 
SA 812. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 812. 
SA 813. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. OFF-SHORE PROCUREMENT RATE FOR FOREIGN MILITARY FINANCING PROVIDED TO ISRAEL. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, regulation, or memorandum of under-standing, with respect to military assistance provided to Israel pursuant to section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2763, relating to Foreign Military Financing Pro-gram), the off-shore procurement rate shall be not less than 26.3 percent from fiscal years 2019 through 2028. 
SA 814. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike section 817. 
SA 815. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PERMITTING MACHINE ROOM-LESS ELEVATORS IN DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall issue modifications to all relevant con-struction and facilities specifications to en-sure that machine room-less elevators (MRLs) are not prohibited in buildings and facilities throughout the Department of De-fense, including modifications to the Unified Facilities Guide Specifications (UFGS), the Naval Facilities Engineering Command In-terim Technical Guidance, and the Army Corps of Engineers Engineering and Con-struction Bulletin. (b) C
ONFORMING TO BESTPRACTICES .—In ad- dition to the modifications required under subsection (a), the Secretary may issue fur-ther modifications to conform generally with commercial best practices as reflected in the safety code for elevators and esca-lators as issued by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. (c) D
EADLINES .—The Secretary shall pro-mulgate interim MRL standards not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall issue final and formal MRL specifications not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a report to the congres-sional defense committees on the integration and utilization of MRLs, including informa-tion on quantity, location, problems, and successes. 
SA 816. Mr. PAUL (for Mr. M CCON-
NELL ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 601, to enhance the trans-parency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote qual-ity basic education in developing coun-tries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
At the end add the following: Notwithstanding any other provision in this Act: (1) no supplemental appropriation shall be made to the ‘‘Community Development Fund’’; (2) the ‘‘Disaster Relief Fund’’ shall be in-creased by $7,400,000,000, (3) $15,250,000,000 of unobligated funds pre-viously made available to the United States Agency for International Development shall be rescinded; and (4) The emergency designations in Division B in this Act shall have no force or effect. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.044 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5064 September 7, 2017 
SA 817. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 816 pro-posed by Mr. P
AUL (for Mr. M CCON-
NELL ) to the bill H.R. 601, to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in de-veloping countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal ac-cess to quality basic education and im-proved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 2 days after the date of enactment.’’ 
SA 818. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 817 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amend-ment SA 816 proposed by Mr. P
AUL(for Mr. M
CCONNELL ) to the bill H.R. 601, to enhance the transparency and accel-erate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better en-able such countries to achieve uni-versal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘2’’ and insert ‘‘3’’ 
SA 819. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 1243 through 1250 and insert the following: 
SEC. 1243. EXTENSION OF UKRAINE SECURITY AS-SISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1250 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1068), as amended by section 1237 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2494), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2020’’. (b) F
UNDING FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018.—Sub- section (f) of such section 1250, as added by subsection (a) of such section 1237, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) For fiscal year 2018, $500,000,000.’’. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Subsection (c) of such section 1250, as amended by sub-section (c) of such section 1237, is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘pursuant to subsection (f)(2)’’ the following: ‘‘, or more than $250,000,000 of the funds available for fiscal year 2018 pursuant to sub-section (f)(3),’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘with respect to the fiscal year concerned’’ after ‘‘is a certification’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and improvement in trans-parency, accountability, and potential op-portunities for privatization in the defense industrial sector’’ and inserting ‘‘sustainment, inventory management prac-tices, progress in improving the security of proprietary or sensitive foreign defense tech-nology’’; and (B) in the second sentence, by inserting after ‘‘additional action is needed’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘and a description of the method-ology used to evaluate whether Ukraine has made progress in defense institutional re-forms relative to previously established goals and objectives’’; and (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or 2018’’ after ‘‘in fiscal year 2017’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘in paragraph (2), such funds may be used in that fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘in paragraph (2) with respect to such fiscal year, such funds may be used in such fiscal year’’. SEC. 1244. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY ON TRAIN-ING FOR EASTERN EUROPEAN NA-TIONAL SECURITY FORCES IN THE COURSE OF MULTILATERAL EXER-CISES. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1251 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2282 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016 through calendar year 2020’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Such section is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘military’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘security’’; (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘that’’ and inserting ‘‘than’’; and (3) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘section 2282’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 16’’. 
SEC. 1245. SECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR BALTIC NATIONS FOR JOINT PROGRAM FOR RESILIENCY AND DETERRENCE AGAINST AGGRESSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, conduct or support a joint program of the Baltic nations to improve their resil-ience against and build their capacity to deter aggression by the Russian Federation. (b) J
OINT PROGRAM .—For purposes of sub-section (a), a joint program of the Baltic na-tions may be either of the following: (1) A program jointly agreed by the Baltic nations that builds interoperability among those countries. (2) An agreement for the joint procurement by the Baltic nations of defense articles or services using assistance provided pursuant to subsection (a). (c) P
ARTICIPATION OF OTHER COUNTRIES .— Any country other than a Baltic nation may participate in the joint program described in subsection (a), but only using funds of such country. (d) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT .—The total amount of assistance provided pursuant to subsection (a) in fiscal year 2018 may not ex-ceed $100,000,000. (e) F
UNDING .—Amounts for assistance pro-vided pursuant to subsection (a) shall be de-rived from amounts authorized to be appro-priated by this Act and available for the Eu-ropean Deterrence Initiative (EDI). (f) B
ALTIC NATIONS DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Baltic nations’’ means the following: (1) Estonia. (2) Latvia. (3) Lithuania. 
SEC. 1246. ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVELOPMENTS INVOLV-ING THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
Section 1245(b) of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3566), as most recently amended by section 1235(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2490), is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (14) through (20) as paragraphs (15) through (21), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (13) the fol-lowing new paragraph (14): ‘‘(14) An assessment of Russia’s hybrid war-fare strategy and capabilities, including— ‘‘(A) Russia’s information warfare strategy and capabilities, including the use of misin-formation, disinformation, and propaganda in social and traditional media; ‘‘(B) Russia’s financing of political parties, think tanks, media organizations, and aca-demic institutions; ‘‘(C) Russia’s malicious cyber activities; ‘‘(D) Russia’s use of coercive economic tools, including sanctions, market access, and differential pricing, especially in energy exports; and ‘‘(E) Russia’s use of criminal networks and corruption to achieve political objectives.’’. SEC. 1247. ANNUAL REPORT ON ATTEMPTS OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION TO PRO-VIDE DISINFORMATION AND PROPA-GANDA TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES BY SOCIAL MEDIA. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 31 each year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on attempts by the Russian Federation, or any foreign per-son acting as an agent of or on behalf of the Russian Federation, during the preceding year to knowingly disseminate Russian Fed-eration-supported disinformation or propa-ganda, through social media applications or related Internet-based means, to members of the Armed Forces with probable intent to cause injury to the United States or advan-tage the Government of the Russian Federa-tion. (b) F
ORM.—Each report under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1248. SUPPORT OF EUROPEAN DETERRENCE INITIATIVE TO DETER RUSSIAN AG-GRESSION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Military exercises, such as Exercise Nifty Nugget and Exercise Reforger during the Cold War, have historically made impor-tant contributions to testing operational concepts, technologies, and leadership ap-proaches; identifying limiting factors in the execution of operational plans and appro-priate corrective action; and bolstering de-terrence against adversaries by dem-onstrating United States military capabili-ties. (2) Military exercises with North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) allies enhance the interoperability and strategic credibility of the alliance. (3) The increase in conventional, nuclear, and hybrid threats by the Russian Federa-tion against the security interests of the United States and allies in Europe requires substantial and sustained investment to im-prove United States combat capability in Europe. (4) The decline of a permanent United States military presence in Europe in recent years increases the likelihood the United States will rely on being able to flow forces from the continental United States to the European theater in the event of a major contingency. (5) Senior military leaders, including the Commander of United States Transportation Command, have warned that a variety of in-creasingly advanced capabilities, especially 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.048 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5065 September 7, 2017 
the proliferation of anti-access, area denial (A2/AD) capabilities, have given adversaries of the United States the ability to challenge the freedom of movement of the United States military in all domains from force de-ployment to employment to disrupt, delay, or deny operations. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, to enhance the European De-terrence Initiative and bolster deterrence against Russian aggression, the United States, together with North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies and other European part-ners, should demonstrate its resolve and ability to meet its commitments under Arti-cle V of the North Atlantic Treaty through appropriate military exercises with an em-phasis on participation of United States forces based in the continental United States and testing strategic and operational logis-tics and transportation capabilities. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (A) An analysis of the challenges to the ability of the United States to flow signifi-cant forces from the continental United States to the European theater in the event of a major contingency. (B) The plans of the Department of De-fense, including the conduct of military ex-ercises, to address such challenges. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1249. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE EURO-PEAN DETERRENCE INITIATIVE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the European Deterrence Initiative will bolster efforts to deter further Russian ag-gression by providing resources to— (A) train and equip the military forces of North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and non-North Atlantic Treaty Organization partners in order to improve responsiveness, expand expeditionary capability, and strengthen combat effectiveness across the spectrum of security environments; (B) enhance the indications and warning, interoperability, and logistics capabilities of Allied and partner military forces to in-crease their ability to respond to external aggression, defend sovereignty and terri-torial integrity, and preserve regional sta-bility; (C) improve the agility and flexibility of military forces required to address threats across the full spectrum of domains and ef-fectively operate in a wide array of coalition operations across diverse global environ-ments from North Africa and the Middle East to Eastern Europe and the Arctic; and (D) mitigate potential gaps forming in the areas of information warfare, Anti-Access Area Denial, and force projection; (2) investments that support the security and stability of Europe, and that assist Euro-pean nations in further developing their se-curity capabilities, are in the long-term vital national security interests of the United States; and (3) funds for such efforts should be author-ized and appropriated in the base budget of the Department of Defense in order to ensure continued and planned funding to address long-term stability in Europe, reassure the European allies and partners of the United States, and deter further Russian aggression. 
SEC. 1250. ENHANCEMENT OF UKRAINE SECU-RITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
Section 1250(b) of National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 126 Stat. 1068), as amended by section 1237(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2495), is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(12) Treatment of wounded Ukrainian sol-diers in the United States in medical treat-ment facilities through the Secretarial Des-ignee Program, including transportation, lodging, meals, and other appropriate non- medical support in connection with such treatment, and education and training for Ukrainian healthcare specialists such that they can provide continuing care and reha-bilitation services for wounded Ukrainian soldiers. ‘‘(13) Air defense and coastal defense ra-dars. ‘‘(14) Naval mine and counter-mine capa-bilities. ‘‘(15) Littoral-zone and coastal defense ves-sels.’’. SA 820. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. MODIFICATION OF DEADLINE FOR SUBMITTAL BY OFFICERS OF WRIT-TEN COMMUNICATIONS TO PRO-MOTION SELECTION BOARDS ON MATTERS OF IMPORTANCE TO THEIR SELECTION. 
(a) O FFICERS ON ACTIVE -DUTY LIST.—Sec- tion 614(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the day’’ and inserting ‘‘10 calendar days’’. (b) O
FFICERS IN RESERVE ACTIVE -STATUS .— Section 14106 of such title is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘the day’’ and inserting ‘‘10 calendar days’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to promotion selection boards convened on or after that date. 
SA 821. Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1641. REPORT ON INTEGRATION OF MOD-ERNIZATION AND SUSTAINMENT OF NUCLEAR TRIAD. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) On January 27, 2017, President Donald Trump issued a Presidential Memorandum on Rebuilding the United States Armed Forces, which emphasized the need for a ‘‘modern, robust, flexible, resilient, ready, and appropriately tailored’’ nuclear deter-rent. (2) On January 31, 2017, Secretary of De-fense James Mattis issued a memorandum entitled ‘‘Implementation Guidance for Budget Directives in the National Security Presidential Memorandum on Rebuilding the U.S. Armed Forces’’, which called for ‘‘an ambitious reform agenda, which will include horizontal integration across DoD compo-nents to improve efficiency and take advan-tage of economies of scale’’. (b) REPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-tion, Technology, and Logistics (or a suc-cessor in the Office of the Secretary of De-fense with responsibility for acquisition pro-grams), in coordination with the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force, shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the potential to achieve greater efficiency by integrating elements of acquisition programs related to the modernization and sustainment of the nuclear triad. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall, at a minimum— (A) identify any opportunities for improved efficiency in program management, cost, and schedule to be created by increasing integra-tion, co-location, and commonality between the strategic deterrent programs and their systems, subsystems, technologies, and engi-neering processes; and (B) identify any risks to program manage-ment, cost, and schedule, as well as mission and capability, created by the opportunities identified under subparagraph (A). (3) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in classified form, but with an unclassified summary. 
SA 822. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. llll. STRATEGY TO IMPROVE DEFENSE INSTITUTIONS AND SECURITY SEC-TOR FORCES IN NIGERIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that contains a comprehensive strategy to support improvements in defense institu-tions and security sector forces in Nigeria. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the threats posed by terrorist and other militant groups oper-ating in Nigeria, including Boko Haram, ISIS-WA, and Niger Delta militants, as well as a description of the origins, strategic aims, tactical methods, funding sources, and leadership structures of each such organiza-tion. (2) An assessment of efforts by the Govern-ment of Nigeria to improve civilian protec-tion, accountability for human rights viola-tions, and transparency in the defense insti-tutions and security sector forces. (3) A plan for the United States Govern-ment to work with the Nigerian defense in-stitutions and security sector forces to im-prove professionalism, civilian protection, detainee conditions, and transparency. (4) A description of the key international and United States security and economic re-sources available to improve Nigerian de-fense institutions and security forces to ad-dress instability across Nigeria, and a plan to maximize the coordination and effective-ness of these resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.050 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5066 September 7, 2017 
(5) An assessment of efforts undertaken by the security forces of the Government of Ni-geria to improve the protection of civilians in the context of— (A) ongoing military operations against Boko Haram in the northeast region; (B) addressing farmer-herder land disputes in the Middle Belt; (C) renewed militant attacks on oil and gas infrastructure in the Delta; and (D) addressing pro-Biafra protests in the southeast region. (6) An assessment of the effectiveness of the Civilian Joint Task Force that has been operating in parts of northeastern Nigeria in order to ensure that underage youth are not participating in government-sponsored vigi-lante activity in violation of the Child Sol-diers Accountability Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–340). (7) An assessment of the Government of Ni-geria’s plan to eventually incorporate the Ci-vilian Joint Task Force into Nigeria’s mili-tary or law enforcement agencies or re-integrate its members into civilian life. (8) A plan for the United States Govern-ment to improve the capacity of the Nige-rian military and judiciary to transparently investigate human rights violations com-mitted by the security forces of the Govern-ment of Nigeria and other security forces op-erating in Nigeria that have involved civil-ian casualties, and to undertake tangible measures of accountability following such investigations in order to break the cycle of conflict. (9) A plan for the United States Govern-ment to work with the Nigerian military, international organizations, and nongovern-mental organizations to transition the hu-manitarian response to the food insecurity and population displacement in northeastern Nigeria from a military led effort to civilian organizations. (10) Any other matters the President con-siders appropriate. (c) U
PDATES .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the report required under subsection (a) is submitted to the appro-priate congressional committees, and annu-ally thereafter for 5 years, the President shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees an update of the report containing updated assessments and evalua-tions on progress made on the plans de-scribed in the report, including— (1) updated assessments on the information described in paragraphs (2), (4), and (6) of subsection (a); and (2) descriptions of the steps taken and out-comes achieved under each of the plans de-scribed in paragraphs (7), (8), (9), and (10) of subsection (a), as well as assessments of the effectiveness and descriptions of the metrics used to evaluate effectiveness for each such plan. (d) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) and the updates required under (c) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. 
SA 823. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle A of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. STANDARDIZATION OF AUTHORITIES IN CONNECTION WITH REPEAL OF STATUTORY SPECIFICATION OF GENERAL OFFICER GRADE FOR THE DEAN OF THE ACADEMIC BOARD OF THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY AND THE DEAN OF THE FACULTY OF THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY. 
(a) D EAN OF ACADEMIC BOARD OF USMA.— Section 4335(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking the first and third sen-tences; and (2) in the remaining sentence, by striking ‘‘so appointed’’ and inserting ‘‘appointed as Dean of the Academic Board’’. (b) D
EAN OF FACULTY OF USAFA.—Section 9335(b) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘so appointed’’ and inserting ‘‘appointed as Dean of the Faculty’’. 
SA 824. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. CYBERSECURITY TRAINING PRO-GRAM IN THE ARMY SENIOR RE-SERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS. 
(a) T RAINING PROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Army shall, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Cyber Command and the Superintendent of the United States Military Academy, estab-lish within the Army Senior Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps (SROTC) program a training program on cybersecurity. The training program shall be known as ‘‘Army Cyber R.O.T.C.’’. (b) E
LEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The training program re-quired by subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) Expansion of Military Science instruc-tion provided to Army Senior Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps to include coursework and summer training opportunities for stu-dents on cybersecurity. (B) Modification of the Cadet Talent Man-agement system of the Army Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps to incorporate cy-bersecurity potential. (C) Establishment of criteria for the selec-tion of Cyber Operations Officers among Army Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps students. (2) P
RESERVATION OF ACADEMIC AND OTHER  
REQUIREMENTS .—Nothing in the training pro-gram shall be construed to relieve a student participating in the training program of the obligation to meet academic and other re-quirements otherwise generally applicable to students participating in the Army Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program. (c) S
COPE OF PROGRAM .—The training pro-gram required by subsection (a) shall be de-signed to promote partnerships between units participating in the training program and the Centers of Academic Excellence of the National Security Agency and the De-partment of Homeland Security. (d) INITIAL IMPLEMENTATION .—The Sec-retary shall implement the training program required by subsection (a) during the 2018- 2019 academic year by carrying out the train-ing program in that academic year at not fewer than five civilian educational institu-tions participating in the Army Senior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps program that are selected by the Secretary for purposes of the implementation of the training program. (e) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the training program required by subsection (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report shall set forth the following: (A) A description of the training program, including the elements of the training pro-gram pursuant to subsection (b) and the manner in which the training program will be implemented pursuant to subsection (d). (B) An assessment of the current need of the Army for Reserve officers with cyberse-curity expertise, and of the challenges faced by the Army in developing Reserve officers with such expertise. (C) Any other matters with respect to the training by or for the Army of Reserve offi-cers in cybersecurity matters that the Sec-retary considers appropriate. 
SA 825. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. H OEVEN , and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lllll. COMMEMORATION OF THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) on August 1, 1907, the Aeronautical Di-vision of the Army Signal Corps, consisting of 1 officer and 2 enlisted men, began oper-ation under the command of Captain Charles DeForest Chandler with the responsibility for ‘‘all matters pertaining to military bal-looning, air machines, and all kindred sub-jects’’; (2) in 1908, the Department of War con-tracted with the Wright brothers to build 1 heavier-than-air flying machine for the Army and, in 1909, the Department accepted the Wright Military Flyer, the first military airplane; (3) pilots of the United States, flying with both Allied air forces and with the Army Air Service, performed admirably during the course of World War I, the first air war in history, by participating in pursuit, observa-tion, and day and night bombing missions; (4) pioneering aviators of the United States, including Mason M. Patrick, William ‘‘Billy’’ Mitchell, Benjamin D. Foulois, Frank M. Andrews, Henry H. ‘‘Hap’’ Arnold, James H. ‘‘Jimmy’’ Doolittle, and Edward ‘‘Eddie’’ Rickenbacker— (A) were among the first individuals to rec-ognize the military potential of airpower; and (B) in the decades following World War I, courageously laid the foundation for the cre-ation of an independent arm for the air forces of the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.050 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5067 September 7, 2017 
(5) on June 20, 1941, the Department of War created the Army Air Forces as the aviation element of that Department and, shortly thereafter, the Department made the Army Air Forces co-equal to the Army Ground Forces; (6) General Henry H. ‘‘Hap’’ Arnold drew upon the industrial prowess and human re-sources of the United States to transform the Army Air Corps from a force of 22,400 men and 2,402 aircraft in 1939 into an entity with a peak wartime strength of 2,400,000 personnel and 79,908 aircraft; (7) the standard for courage, flexibility, and intrepidity in combat was established for all Airmen during the first aerial raid in the Pacific Theater on April 18, 1942, when Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Jimmy’’ H. Doo-little led 16 North American B–25 Mitchell bombers in a joint operation from the deck of the USS Hornet to strike the Japanese mainland in response to the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor; (8) the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), signed into law by Presi-dent Harry S. Truman, realigned and reorga-nized the Armed Forces to establish the De-partment of the Air Force (referred to in this section as the ‘‘USAF’’) as separate from other military services; (9) on September 18, 1947, W. Stuart Sy-mington became the first Secretary of the newly formed and independent USAF, mark-ing the date on which the USAF was estab-lished; (10) on September 26, 1947, General Carl A. Spaatz, a pioneering aviator and former Commanding General of the Army Air Forces, became the first Chief of Staff of the USAF; (11) the Air National Guard was also cre-ated by the National Security Act of 1947 and has played a vital role in guarding the United States and defending freedom in near-ly every major conflict and contingency since its creation; (12) on October 14, 1947, the USAF dem-onstrated the historic and ongoing commit-ment of the USAF to technological innova-tion when Captain Charles ‘‘Chuck’’ Yeager piloted the X–1 developmental rocket plane to a speed of Mach 1.07, becoming the first flyer to break the sound barrier in a powered aircraft in level flight; (13) the Air Force Reserve, created on April 14, 1948, is comprised of citizen airmen who serve as unrivaled wingmen of the active duty USAF during every deployment and on every mission and battlefield around the world in which the USAF is engaged; (14) the USAF carried out the Berlin Airlift in 1948 and 1949 to provide humanitarian re-lief to post-war Germany and has established a tradition of offering humanitarian assist-ance when responding to natural disasters and needs across the world; (15) the Tuskegee Airmen served the United States with tremendous dignity and honor, overcame segregation and prejudice to become one of the most highly respected fighter groups of World War II, and helped to establish a policy of racial integration with-in the ranks of the USAF, as, on April 26, 1948, the USAF became the first military branch to integrate, a full 3 months before an Executive order integrated all military services; (16) the arsenal of bombers of the USAF, such as the long-range Convair B–58 Hustler and B–36 Peacemaker, and the Boeing B–47 Stratojet and B–52 Stratofortress, under the command of General Curtis LeMay— (A) served as the preeminent deterrent of the United States against the forces of the Soviet Union during the early years of the Cold War; and (B) were later augmented by the develop-ment and deployment of medium range and intercontinental ballistic missiles, such as the Titan and Minuteman, developed by Gen-eral Bernard A. Schriever; (17) on April 1, 1954, President Dwight D. Eisenhower signed legislation establishing the United States Air Force Academy, the mission of which is to educate, develop, and inspire men and women to become aerospace officers and leaders of impeccable character and knowledge, and that, as of 2017, has grad-uated 59 classes and 49,700 cadets; (18) during the Korean War, the USAF— (A) employed the first large-scale combat use of jet aircraft; (B) helped to establish air superiority over the Korean Peninsula; (C) protected ground forces of the United Nations with close air support; and (D) interdicted enemy reinforcements and supplies; (19) after the development of launch vehi-cles and orbital satellites, the mission of the USAF expanded into space and, as of 2017, provides exceptional support with respect to real-time global communications, environ-mental monitoring, navigation, precision timing, missile warning, nuclear deterrence, and space surveillance; (20) during the Vietnam War, the USAF— (A) engaged in a limited campaign of air-power to assist the South Vietnamese gov-ernment in countering the communist Viet Cong guerillas; and (B) fought to disrupt supply lines, halt enemy ground offensives, and protect United States and Allied forces; (21) on April 3, 1967, former prisoner of war Paul W. Airey, a career radio operator, aerial gunner, and First Sergeant, became the first Chief Master Sergeant of the USAF; (22) in recent decades, the USAF and coali-tion partners of the United States have sup-ported successful actions in Grenada, Pan-ama, Iraq, Kuwait, Somalia, Bosnia- Herzegovina, Haiti, Kosovo, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria, and many other locations around the world; (23) USAF Special Operations Forces have served with honor and distinction around the world since their activation in 1990, pro-viding the United States with specialized air-power across the broad spectrum of conflict in any place and at any time; (24) for 27 consecutive years beginning in 1990, Airmen have— (A) been engaged in continuous combat op-erations ranging from Operation Desert Shield to the Global War on Terrorism to Op-eration Inherent Resolve; and (B) shown that the Airmen— (i) constitute an air and space expedi-tionary force of outstanding capability; and (ii) are ready to fight and win wars for the United States when and where they are called upon; (25) when terrorists attacked the United States on September 11, 2001, fighter and air refueling aircraft of the USAF— (A) took to the skies to fly combat air pa-trols over major cities of the United States; and (B) protected the families, friends, and neighbors of the people of the United States from further attack; (26) on December 7, 2005, the USAF modi-fied its mission statement to include flying and fighting in air, space, and cyberspace and prioritized the innovation, operationalization, and sustainment of warfighting capabilities to deliver unre-stricted access to cyberspace to defend the United States and its worldwide interests; (27) women have played a prominent role in the evolution of the USAF, courageously fighting alongside their male counterparts and dedicating their lives to protecting peace, liberty, and freedom around the world as they provide ‘‘ready to fight tonight’’ air-power whenever and wherever needed; (28) as of 2017, the USAF has made tremen-dous strides in the global warfighting do-main of cyberspace by revolutionizing offen-sive and defensive capabilities and effects with speed, agility, and surgical precision, thereby ensuring the continuous command, control, and execution of joint and service operations in contested, degraded, and lim-ited environments; (29) the untapped potential of enlisted avi-ators is recognized by the USAF as these highly trained, intelligent, and professional Airmen fly remotely piloted aircraft to dis-tant skies in support of combatant com-manders and meet the insatiable demand for persistent intelligence, surveillance, and re-connaissance capabilities; (30) the Civil Air Patrol, as a total force partner and auxiliary of the USAF, has maintained a steadfast commitment to the United States and the communities of the United States through a proud legacy of service, from the earliest days of World War II, when the Civil Air Patrol protected the shorelines of the United States, through 2017, as the Civil Air Patrol executes emergency service missions; (31) the USAF is steadfast in the commit-ment to fielding a world-class air expedi-tionary force by recruiting, training, and educating its officer, enlisted, and civilian corps comprising the active duty, Air Na-tional Guard, and Air Force Reserve compo-nents of the USAF; (32) more than 100,000 Airmen stand watch around the world at 175 global locations, committed to winning the constant fight against violent extremist organizations by expending more than 56,000 munitions and striking more than 32,000 enemy targets over the course of 18,200 airstrikes; (33) Airmen were imprisoned and tortured during several major conflicts, including World War I, World War II, the Vietnam War, the Korean War, and the Persian Gulf War, and, in the valiant tradition of Airmen held captive, continued serving the United States with honor and dignity under the most inhu-mane circumstances; (34) Airmen have earned the Medal of Honor 18 times, the Air Force Cross 183 times, the Distinguished Service Cross 42 times, and the Silver Star 74 times; (35) the USAF— (A) is a tremendous steward of resources; (B) develops and applies groundbreaking technology; (C) manages complex acquisition pro-grams; and (D) maintains test, evaluation, and sustainment criteria for all USAF weapon systems throughout the life cycles of those weapon systems; (36) talented and dedicated Airmen will continue to meet the future challenges of an ever-changing world with limitless strength, resolve, and patriotism; (37) on every continent around the world, the USAF has bravely fought for freedom, liberty, and peace, preserved democracy, and protected the people and interests of the United States; (38) Airmen of the USAF, together with their joint force partners, will continue to be a tremendous resource for the United States in fights across every domain and at every location, delivering continuous air and space superiority, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance, rapid global mobility, global strike, and command and control capabili-ties, thereby ensuring the safety and secu-rity of the United States; and (39) for 70 years, the USAF and the Airmen of the USAF, through their exemplary serv-ice and sacrifice, have repeatedly proven their value to the United States, the people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.051 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5068 September 7, 2017 
of the United States, the allies of the United States, and all free people of the world. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the 70th anniversary of the establish-ment of the Air Force as an independent military service should be commemorated; and (2) the achievements of the Air Force in serving and defending the United States through global vigilance, global reach, and global power should be remembered, hon-ored, and commended. 
SA 826. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. ELIMINATION OF SEQUESTRATION. 
The Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 251(a) (2 U.S.C. 901(a))— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Within’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year begin-ning before October 1, 2017, within’’; (B) in paragraph (4), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘be-ginning before October 1, 2017’’ after ‘‘fiscal year’’; (C) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘If’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year beginning be-fore October 1, 2017, if’’; and (D) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year beginning before October 1, 2017’’ after ‘‘any discretionary appropriation’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), in the first sen-tence, by inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year begin-ning before October 1, 2017’’ after ‘‘any dis-cretionary appropriation’’; and (2) in section 254 (2 U.S.C. 904)— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding the table, by inserting ‘‘beginning be-fore October 1, 2017’’ after ‘‘any budget year’’; (B) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’; (C) in subsection (f)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’; and (D) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘If’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year beginning be-fore October 1, 2017, if’’. 
SA 827. Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. BUY AMERICAN REQUIREMENTS FOR ITEMS USED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
For any item (excluding petroleum) to be used outside the United States that is not to be used on an urgent basis and is not subject to the requirements under chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Buy American Act’’), the Sec-retary of Defense shall direct contracting personnel to identify and give consideration to domestically sourced and Buy American compliant items before soliciting offers for items that are not compliant with the Buy American Act. SA 828. Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. BUY AMERICAN ACT TRAINING FOR DE-FENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the In-spector General of the Department of De-fense has issued a series of reports finding deficiencies in the adherence to the provi-sions of the Buy American Act and recom-mending improvements in training for the Defense acquisition workforce. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report evaluating Buy Amer-ican training policies for the Defense acqui-sition workforce. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report shall include the following elements: (A) A summary and assessment of man-dated training courses for Department of De-fense acquisition personnel responsible for procuring items that are subject to the Berry Amendment and Buy American Act. (B) An assessment of Department of De-fense efforts to reinforce training related to Berry Amendment and Buy American re-quirements. (C) Options for alternative training models for contracting personnel on Buy American and Berry Amendment requirements. 
SA 829. Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle J of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING PROVIDING FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CONTRACTING PER-SONNEL CONSULTATION WITH MAN-UFACTURING EXTENSION PARTNER-SHIP WHEN CONDUCTING MARKET RESEARCH ON PROCUREMENTS. 
The Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of Commerce shall develop a memo-randum of understanding allowing Depart-ment of Defense contracting personnel to consult with the Manufacturing Extension Partnership when conducting market re-search on procurements that are subject to requirements under chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Buy American Act’’). SA 830. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 210, to facilitate the development of energy on Indian lands by reducing Federal regulations that impede tribal development of In-dian lands, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1656. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS FOR TEST-ING OF GROUND-BASED MIDCOURSE DEFENSE ELEMENT OF THE BAL-LISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Mis-sile Defense Agency shall flight test the ground-based midcourse defense element of the ballistic missile defense system at least twice each fiscal year. (b) D
ERIVATION OF FUNDING .—Amounts re-quired to carry out this section in fiscal year 2018 shall be derived from amounts appro-priated pursuant to section 201 and available for research, development, test, and evalua-tion. 
SA 831. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. GARNISHMENT TO SATISFY JUDG-MENT RENDERED FOR PHYSICALLY, SEXUALLY, OR EMOTIONALLY ABUS-ING A CHILD. 
(a) G ARNISHMENT AUTHORITY .—Section 1408 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(l) G
ARNISHMENT TO SATISFY A JUDGMENT  R
ENDERED FOR PHYSICALLY , SEXUALLY , OR E
MOTIONALLY ABUSING A CHILD.—(1) Subject to paragraph (2), any payment of retired pay that would otherwise be made to a member shall be paid (in whole or in part) by the Sec-retary concerned to another person if and to the extent expressly provided for in the terms of a child abuse garnishment order. ‘‘(2) A court order providing for the pay-ment of child support or alimony or, with re-spect to a division of property, specifically providing for the payment of an amount of the disposable retired pay from a member to the spouse or a former spouse of the member, shall be given priority over a child abuse garnishment order. However, the limitations on the amount of disposable retired pay available for payments set forth in para-graphs (1) and (4)(B) of subsection (e) do not apply to a child abuse garnishment order. ‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘court order’ includes a child abuse garnishment order. ‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘child abuse garnishment order’ means a final de-cree issued by a court that— ‘‘(A) is issued in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction of that court; and ‘‘(B) provides in the nature of garnishment for the enforcement of a judgment rendered against the member for physically, sexually, or emotionally abusing a child. ‘‘(5) For purposes of this subsection, a judgment rendered for physically, sexually, or emotionally abusing a child is any legal claim perfected through a final enforceable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.051 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5069 September 7, 2017 
judgment, which claim is based in whole or in part upon the physical, sexual, or emo-tional abuse of an individual under 18 years of age, whether or not that abuse is accom-panied by other actionable wrongdoing, such as sexual exploitation or gross negligence. ‘‘(6) If the Secretary concerned is served with more than one court order with respect to the retired pay of a member, the dispos-able retired pay of the member shall be available to satisfy such court orders on a first-come, first-served basis, with any such process being satisfied out of such monies as remain after the satisfaction of all such processes which have been previously served. ‘‘(7) The Secretary concerned shall not be required to vary normal pay and disburse-ment cycles for retired pay in order to com-ply with a child abuse garnishment order.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENT .—Sub- section (l) of section 1408 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with respect to a court order received by the Secretary concerned on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, regardless of the date of the court order. 
SA 832. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. DISCLOSURES RELATED TO TRADE DEALS AND ARMS SALES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no covered agreement may enter into force, and the United States may not incur any related obligation, until the Office of Government Ethics certifies that no covered individual will personally fi-nancially benefit from the covered agree-ment. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘cov-ered agreement’’ means— (A) any agreement that covers sales pursu-ant to section 36 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2776); and (B) any agreement with a foreign govern-ment under the customs and trade laws of the United States (as defined in section 2 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4301)). (2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘‘cov-ered individual’’ means— (A) the President; (B) the Vice President; (C) a relative of the President or Vice President as that term is defined in section 109(16) of title 5, United States Code; and (D) any civilian employee employed in the Executive Office of the President who holds a commission of appointment from the President. 
SA 833. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part I of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: SEC. lll. PROMOTION OF FINANCIAL LIT-ERACY CONCERNING RETIREMENT AMONG MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P ROGRAMS FOR PROMOTION REQUIRED .— The Secretary of Defense shall develop pro-grams of financial literacy for members of the Armed Forces to assist members in bet-ter understanding retirement options and planning for retirement. (b) I
NFORMATION ON COMPARATIVE VALUE OF  L
UMP SUM AND MONTHLY PAYMENTS OF RE-
TIRED PAYWITH CONVENTIONAL RETIRED  P
AY.—The Secretary of Defense shall develop information to be provided to members of the Armed Forces who are eligible to make the election provided for in subsection (b)(1) of section 1415 of title 10, United States Code, to assist such members in making an in-formed comparison for purposes of the elec-tion between the following: (1) The value of the lump sum payment of retired pay and monthly payments provided for in such subsection (b)(1) by reason of the election, including the manner in which the lump sum and such monthly payments are determined for any particular member. (2) The value of retired pay payable under subsection (d) of such section in the absence of the election, including the manner in which such retired pay is determined for any particular member. 
SA 834. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH DISCRIMINATORY CONTRACTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may not enter into any contract described in subsection (b) with any person or business that the Secretary of Labor determines to have engaged, during the 3-year period pre-ceding the request for proposals for the con-tract, in serious, repeated, willful, or perva-sive discrimination on the basis of sex in the payment of wages in violation of section 6(d) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (commonly known as the ‘‘Equal Pay Act of 1963’’) (29 U.S.C. 206(d)) or of title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.). (b) A
PPLICABLE CONTRACT .—A contract de-scribed in this subsection is any procure-ment contract for goods or services, includ-ing construction, in which the estimated value of the supplies acquired and services required exceeds $500,000. 
SA 835. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON DEVELOP-MENT OF VEHICLES FOR EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-retary of the Air Force should end the reli-ance of the evolved expendable launch vehi-cle program on rocket engines made in the Russian Federation by continuing to invest in new launch vehicles capable of supporting national security requirements. 
SA 836. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH EMPLOYERS THAT ENGAGE IN WAGE THEFT BY STEALING EMPLOYEES’ WAGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may not enter into any contract described in subsection (b) with any person or business that the Secretary of Labor determines to have owed, during the 3-year period pre-ceding the request for proposals for the con-tract, employees, or individuals who are former employees, a cumulative amount of more than $100,000 in unpaid wages and asso-ciated damages resulting from violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 201 et seq.) as determined by the Sec-retary of Labor or a court of competent ju-risdiction. (b) A
PPLICABLE CONTRACT .—A contract de-scribed in this subsection is any procure-ment contract for goods or services, includ-ing construction, in which the estimated value of the supplies acquired and services required exceeds $500,000. 
SA 837. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. RESTORATION OF STATES RIGHTS OVER THE DIVISION OF MILITARY PENSIONS BY COURT ORDER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1408(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (B); and (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subpargraphs (B) and (C), respectively. (b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to any division of property as part of a final de-cree of divorce, dissolution, annulment, or legal separation involving a member of the Armed Forces to which section 1408 of title 10, United States Code, applies that becomes final after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 838. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.052 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5070 September 7, 2017 
military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. REQUIREMENT FOR REIMBURSEMENT BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TO ENTITIES CARRYING OUT STATE VACCINATION PROGRAMS FOR COSTS OF VACCINES PROVIDED TO COVERED BENEFICIARIES. 
Section 719(a)(1) of public law 114–328 is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
SA 839. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC.ll. BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING AND CERTAIN FEDERAL BENEFITS. 
(a) Exclusion.—Section 403(k) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) In determining eligibility to partici-pate in the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program established under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) and the Family Subsistence Supple-mental Allowance program, the value of a housing allowance under this section shall be excluded from any calculation of income, as-sets, or resources.’’. (b) Conforming Amendment—Section 5(d) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (18), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (19)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(20) any allowance described in section 403(k)(4) of title 37, United States Code.’’. 
SA 840. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VII, ass the following: 
SEC. 726. REQUIREMENT FOR POSSESSION OF SEXUAL ASSAULT NURSE EXAM-INER–ADULT/ADOLESCENT CERTIFI-CATION BY CERTAIN REGISTERED NURSES. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—In accordance with the deadlines specified in subsection (b), the reg-istered nurses operating in facilities speci-fied in subsection (c) shall possess a Sexual Assault Nurse Examiner–Adult/Adolescent (SANE–A) certification or equivalent certifi-cation. (b) D
EADLINES .—The deadlines specified in this sub section are as follows: (1) By not later than January 1, 2019, 50 per cent of the aggregate number of registered nurses operating in facilities specified in subsection (c) shall possess a certification as described in subsection (a). (2) By not later than January 1, 2021, all registered nurses operating in such facilities shall possess such a certification. (c) FACILITIES .—The facilities specified in this subsection are the following: (1) The emergency rooms and trauma cen-ters within the military healthcare system. (2) The medical facility of each naval ves-sel that possesses a medical facility. (3) Each facility that provides Role 3 or Role 4 care, as described in the Roles of Med-ical Care (d) EQUIVALENT CERTIFICATION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any equivalent certifi-cation requirement established for purposes of subsection (a) shall be established by the Secretary of Defense and shall apply uni-formly across the Armed Forces. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The equivalent certifi-cation requirement shall— (A) require a minimum of 40 hours of ap-propriate training for certification; (B) require appropriate continuing edu-cation for retaining certification; (C) comply with applicable standards of the International Association of Forensic Nurses; and (D) meet the standards of Department of Defense Instruction 6495.02, and any update or successor to such instruction. (e) C
OST OF TRAINING .—The cost of any training required for an individual to obtain a certification described in subsection (a) for purposes of compliance with the requirement in that subsection shall be borne by the De-partment of Defense. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the plan of the Secretary to implement the re-quirements of this section. 
SA 841. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ASSESSMENT OF THE EXPANDING GLOBAL INFLUENCE OF CHINA AND ITS IMPACT ON THE NATIONAL SE-CURITY INTERESTS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall enter into a contract or other agree-ment with an appropriate entity independent of the Department of Defense to conduct an assessment of the foreign military and non- military influence of the People’s Republic of China which could affect the regional and global national security and defense inter-ests of the United States. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required by subsection (a) shall include an evaluation of the following: (1) The expansion by China of military and non-military means of influence in the Indo- Asia-Pacific region and globally, including, infrastructure investments, influence cam-paigns, loans, access to military equipment, military training, tourism, media, and ac-cess to foreign ports and military bases, and whether such means of influence could affect United States national security or defense interests, including operational access. (2) The implications, if any, of such means of influence for the military force posture, access, training, and logistics of the United States and China. (3) The United States policy and strategy for mitigating any harmful effects resulting from such means of influence. (4) The resources required to implement the policy and strategy, and the plan to ad-dress and mitigate any gaps in capabilities or resources necessary for the implementa-tion of the policy and strategy. (5) Measures to bolster the roles of allies, partners, and other countries to implement the policy and strategy. (6) Any other matters the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (c) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the as-sessment required pursuant to subsection (a). (2) F
ORM.—The report required shall be submitted unclassified form, but may con-tain a classified annex. 
SA 842. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. BRIEFING ON NEED FOR CAPABILITY OF F–35 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER TO EMPLOY A STEALTHY, INTERNALLY CARRIED, STANDOFF AIR-TO- GROUND OR SURFACE MISSILE. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander of the Air Combat Command (ACC) of the Air Force and the Director of Air Warfare (N98) of the Navy shall provide the congressional defense committees a briefing on the need of the Armed Forces for the F–35 joint strike fighter to employ a stealthy, internally car-ried, standoff air-to-ground or surface mis-sile and the best ways in which such need can be met. 
SA 843. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 313. SENSE ON CONGRESS ON THE SMALL TURBINE ENGINE INDUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The United States small turbine engine industry has been innovating, developing, producing, and sustaining small gas turbine engines in a competitive market for more than 75 years. (2) The United States small turbine engine industrial base has made the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.062 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5071 September 7, 2017 
the knowledge leader in low cost, no mainte-nance engine designs with unmatched field reliability. (3) The United States small turbine engine industrial base is at a critical juncture, as military requirements have tapered and mis-sile programs, in misguided attempts to save money, are narrowing production contracts to a single vendor causing two of the three existing small turbine engine manufacturers to go out of business. (4) The departure of these companies from the United States small turbine engine in-dustry will leave only one viable, proven source for small turbine engines for the De-partment of Defense. (5) In 2016, a number of engine failures were encountered that severely diminished the throughput of the F107–WR–101 engine main-tenance process for the AGM–86 Air Launched Cruise Missile (ALCM), thereby putting the weapon system at major readi-ness risk. (6) The narrowing of the United States small turbine engine industrial base would leave the Department with a sole source United States supplier resulting in a loss of manufacturing and testing capability that would be extremely detrimental to both the United States industrial base and national security by creating a single point of failure, increasing engine procurement and testing prices by eliminating competition, raising new engine development and air vehicle pro-gram risk, and eliminating capabilities and expertise that would require decades and millions of dollars to reconstitute. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that the Department of Defense should— (1) allocate sufficient funding to properly sustain the F107 turbine engine in order to ensure this vital weapon is viable until a re-placement is fielded; and (2) contract with multiple, capable engine manufacturers to stabilize and revitalize the United States small turbine engine indus-trial base. 
SA 844. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 234, strike subsection (b). In the funding table in section 4201, under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test & Eval, Army’’, in the item relating to Army Integrated Air and Missile Defense (AIAMD), in the Senate authorized column, strike ‘‘136,420’’ and insert ‘‘336,420’’. In the funding table in section 4201, under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test & Eval, Army’’, in the item relating to Army Integrated Air and Missile Defense (AIAMD), in the Senate authorized column, strike ‘‘[- 200,000]’’. In the funding table in section 4201, under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test & Eval, Army’’, in the item relating to Sub-total System Development & Demonstration, in the Senate authorized column, strike ‘‘3,130,618,’’ and insert ‘‘3,330,618’’. In the funding table in section 4201, under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test & Eval, Army’’, in the item relating to Total Research, Development, Test & Eval, Army, in the Senate authorized column, strike ‘‘9,906,352’’ and insert ‘‘10,106,352’’. In the funding table in section 4201, under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test & Eval, AF’’, in the item relating to Tech Transition Program, in the Senate author-ized column, strike ‘‘935,650’’ and insert ‘‘785,650’’. In the funding table in section 4201, under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test & Eval, AF’’, in the item relating to Subtotal Advanced Component Development & Proto-types, in the Senate authorized column, strike ‘‘5,110,763’’ and insert ‘‘4,960,763’’. In the funding table in section 4201, under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test & Eval, AF’’, in the item relating to Combat Training Ranges, in the Senate authorized column, strike ‘‘87,350’’ and insert ‘‘37,350’’. In the funding table in section 4201, under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test & Eval, AF’’, in the item relating to Subtotal System Development & Demonstration, in the Senate authorized column, strike ‘‘4,620,662’’ and insert ‘‘4,570,662’’. In the funding table in section 4201, under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test & Eval, AF’’, in the item relating to Total Re-search, Development, Test & Eval, AF, in the Senate authorized column, strike ‘‘36,138,677’’ and insert ‘‘35,938,677’’. SA 845. Mr. STRANGE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON FIRE PROTEC-TION IN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FACILITIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) A 2009 Consumer Product Safety Com-mission study found a full 370,000 residential fires are suppressed by portable fire extin-guishers annually. (2) Throughout the United States, of the 48,460 fires in buildings equipped with sprin-klers from 2007 to 2011, 40,440, or 83 percent, never grew large enough to activate sprin-klers, indicating many fires are successfully suppressed by portable fire extinguishers. (3) Section 9-17.1 of the Unified Facilities Criteria 3-600-01 changes the Department of Defense building code by stating, ‘‘General purpose portable fire extinguishers are not required when the Facility is provided with complete automatic sprinkler protection and a fire alarm system in accordance with this UFC.’’ (4) This new language is a departure from national model fire codes, and is also a sig-nificant change from the last Unified Cri-teria governing portable extinguishers. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) portable fire extinguishers are essential to the safety of members of the Armed Forces and their families; (2) the current United Facilities Criteria provides members of the Armed Forces, their families, and other Department of Defense personnel with less fire protection than that of civilian counterparts by deviating from fire safety codes used across the country and not requiring portable extinguishers on mili-tary installations; (3) United Facilities Criteria 3-600-01, Sec-tion 4-9, dated September 26, 2006, clearly keeps Department of Defense Facilities in line with the national and international standards for fire safety; and (4) the Secretary of Defense should amend current United Facilities Criteria Section 9- 17.1 to reflect the standards established by United Facilities Criteria 3-600-01, Section 4- 9, dated September 26, 2006. SA 846. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. C
RAPO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING URA-NIUM MINING AND NUCLEAR WEAP-ONS TESTING. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United States should compensate and recognize all of the miners, workers, downwinders, and others suffering from the effects of uranium mining and nuclear weapons testing carried out during the Cold War. 
SA 847. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 3201, add the fol-lowing: (b) C
ERTIFICATION OF SUFFICIENCY OF BUDG-
ETREQUESTS .—Not later than 10 days after the date on which the budget of the Presi-dent for a fiscal year is submitted to Con-gress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Defense Nuclear Fa-cilities Safety Board shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a letter— (1) certifying that the requested budget is sufficient for the conduct of the safety re-views that the Board intends to conduct in that fiscal year; or (2) if the Board is unable to make the cer-tification described in paragraph (1), includ-ing a list of such reviews and the estimated level of additional funding required to con-duct such reviews. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board was chartered by Congress with an im-portant mission to provide independent rec-ommendations and advice to the President and the Secretary of Energy to protect pub-lic health and employee safety at defense nu-clear facilities of the Department of Energy; (2) the role of the Board has necessarily evolved as the mission of the Department has changed over time, but the Board will continue to be vitally important as the De-partment continues major efforts to mod-ernize the nuclear weapons stockpile and up-date its infrastructure in the 21st century; and (3) any significant change to the Board and its mission can only be considered by the Board as a whole with oversight by Congress and requires legislative changes approved by Congress. 
SA 848. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.057 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5072 September 7, 2017 
by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. ESTABLISHMENT AND USE OF NATU-RALIZATION OFFICES AT INITIAL MILITARY TRAINING SITES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Naturalization At Training Sites Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘NATS Act’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. (c) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Homeland Security with respect to the Coast Guard, shall establish a naturalization office at each initial military training site of the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of the respective Secretary. (d) O
UTREACH .—In coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness and the Director of U.S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Services, each Sec-retary concerned shall, to the maximum ex-tent practicable— (1) identify each member of the Armed Forces overseen by such Secretary who is not a citizen of the United States; and (2) inform each noncitizen member of the Armed Forces overseen by such Secretary about— (A) the existence of a naturalization office at each initial military training site; (B) the continuous availability of each nat-uralization office throughout the career of a member of the Armed Forces to— (i) evaluate the extent to which a noncit-izen member of the Armed Forces is eligible to become a naturalized citizen; and (ii) assess the suitability for citizenship of a noncitizen member of the Armed Forces; (C) each potential pathway to citizenship; (D) each service a naturalization office provides; (E) the required length of service to obtain citizenship during— (i) peacetime; and (ii) a period of hostility; and (F) the application process for citizenship, including— (i) details of the application process; (ii) required application materials; (iii) requirements for a naturalization interview; and (iv) any other information required to be-come a citizen under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). (e) T
IMING .—Each Secretary concerned shall complete the notifications required under subsection (d)— (1) during every stage of basic training; (2) during training for any military occu-pational specialty; (3) at each school of professional military education; (4) upon each transfer of a duty station; and (5) at any other time determined appro-priate by the Secretary concerned. (f) T
RAINED PERSONNEL .— (1) A
VAILABILITY .—Each Secretary con-cerned shall retain trained personnel at a naturalization office at every initial mili-tary training site to provide appropriate services to every member of the Armed Forces who is not a citizen of the United States. (2) TRAINING .—All personnel retained under paragraph (1) shall be familiar with— (A) the special provisions of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) authorizing the expedited application and naturalization process for current mem-bers of the Armed Forces and veterans; (B) the application process for naturaliza-tion and associated application materials; and (C) the naturalization process adminis-tered by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. (g) A
SSIGNMENT PREFERENCE .—The Sec-retary concerned, to the extent practicable, shall assign each new member of the Armed Forces who is not a citizen of the United States to an initial military training site that has a naturalization office. (h) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Direc-tor of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services shall annually publish, on a pub-licly accessible website— (1) the number of members of the Armed Forces who became naturalized United States citizens during the most recent year for which data is available, categorized by country in which the naturalization cere-mony took place; (2) the number of Armed Forces member’s children who became naturalized United States citizens during the most recent year for which data is available, categorized by country in which the naturalization cere-mony took place; and (3) the number of Armed Forces member’s spouses who became naturalized United States citizens during the most recent year for which data is available, categorized by country in which the naturalization cere-mony took place. (i) R
ULEMAKING .—Each Secretary con-cerned shall prescribe, by regulation, a defi-nition of the term ‘‘initial military training site’’ for purposes of this section. 
SA 849. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. N ELSON , and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XVI, add the following: Subtitle F—Cyber Scholarship Opportunities 
SEC. 1661. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Cyber Scholarship Opportunities Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 1662. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) A well-trained workforce is essential to meeting the Nation’s cybersecurity needs. (2) An October 2015 report by the National Academy of Public Administration entitled ‘‘Increasing the Effectiveness of the Federal Role in Cybersecurity Education’’ noted that the United States faces a severe shortage of properly trained and equipped cybersecurity professionals in both the government and private sector workforce. (3) The 2015 (ISC)
2Global Information Se-curity Workshop Study stated that ‘‘the in-formation security workforce shortfall is widening.’’ (4) The National Science Foundation’s Fed-eral Cyber Scholarship-for-Service program is a successful effort to support capacity building in institutions of higher education and scholarships for students to pursue cy-bersecurity careers. SEC. 1663. COMMUNITY COLLEGE CYBER PILOT PROGRAM AND ASSESSMENT. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subtitle, as part of the Federal Cyber Scholarship-for- Service program established under section 302 of the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442), the Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall develop and implement a pilot program at not more than 10, but at least 5, community colleges to provide schol-arships to eligible students who— (1) are pursuing associate degrees or spe-cialized program certifications in the field of cybersecurity; and (2)(A) have bachelor’s degrees; or (B) are veterans of the armed forces. (b) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subtitle, as part of the Federal Cyber Scholarship-for- Service program established under section 302 of the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442), the Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall assess the potential bene-fits and feasibility of providing scholarships through community colleges to eligible stu-dents who are pursuing associate degrees, but do not have bachelor’s degrees. 
SEC. 1664. FEDERAL CYBER SCHOLARSHIP-FOR SERVICE PROGRAM UPDATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 302 of the Cyber-security Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b)(3) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(3) prioritize the employment placement of at least 80 percent of scholarship recipi-ents in an executive agency (as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code); and ‘‘(4) provide awards to improve cybersecu-rity education at the kindergarten through grade 12 level— ‘‘(A) to increase interest in cybersecurity careers; ‘‘(B) to help students practice correct and safe online behavior and understand the foundational principles of cybersecurity; ‘‘(C) to improve teaching methods for de-livering cybersecurity content for kinder-garten through grade 12 computer science curricula; and ‘‘(D) to promote teacher recruitment in the field of cybersecurity.’’; (2) by amending subsection (d) to read as follows: ‘‘(d) P
OST-AWARD EMPLOYMENT OBLIGA -
TIONS .—Each scholarship recipient, as a con-dition of receiving a scholarship under the program, shall enter into an agreement under which the recipient agrees to work for a period equal to the length of the scholar-ship, following receipt of the student’s de-gree, in the cybersecurity mission of— ‘‘(1) an executive agency (as defined in sec-tion 105 of title 5, United States Code); ‘‘(2) Congress, including any agency, enti-ty, office, or commission established in the legislative branch; ‘‘(3) an interstate agency; ‘‘(4) a State, local, or tribal government; or ‘‘(5) a State, local, or tribal government-af-filiated non-profit that is considered to be critical infrastructure (as defined in section 1016(e) of the USA Patriot Act (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e)).’’; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) have demonstrated a high level of competency in relevant knowledge, skills, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.056 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5073 September 7, 2017 
and abilities, as defined by the national cy-bersecurity awareness and education pro-gram under section 401;’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (4) to read as follows: ‘‘(4) be a full-time student in an eligible de-gree program at a qualified institution of higher education, as determined by the Di-rector of the National Science Foundation, except that in the case of a student who is enrolled in a community college, be a stu-dent pursuing a degree on a less than full- time basis, but not less than half-time basis; and’’; and (4) by amending subsection (m) to read as follows: ‘‘(m) P
UBLIC INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) E
VALUATION .—The Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall periodically evaluate and make public, in a manner that protects the personally identifiable information of schol-arship recipients, information on the success of recruiting individuals for scholarships under this section and on hiring and retain-ing those individuals in the public sector cyber workforce, including on— ‘‘(A) placement rates; ‘‘(B) where students are placed, including job titles and descriptions; ‘‘(C) student salary ranges for students not released from obligations under this section; ‘‘(D) how long after graduation they are placed; ‘‘(E) how long they stay in the positions they enter upon graduation; ‘‘(F) how many students are released from obligations; and ‘‘(G) what, if any, remedial training is re-quired. ‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .—The Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation, in coordination with the Office of Personnel Management, shall submit, at least once every 3 years, to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report, in-cluding the results of the evaluation under paragraph (1) and any recent statistics re-garding the size, composition, and edu-cational requirements of the Federal cyber workforce. ‘‘(3) R
ESOURCES .—The Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall provide consolidated and user-friendly online resources for prospective scholarship recipients, including, to the ex-tent practicable— ‘‘(A) searchable, up-to-date, and accurate information about participating institutions of higher education and job opportunities re-lated to the field of cybersecurity; and ‘‘(B) a modernized description of cyberse-curity careers.’’. (b) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section, or an amendment made by this sec-tion, shall affect any agreement, scholarship, loan, or repayment, under section 302 of the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442), in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subtitle. 
SEC. 1665. CYBERSECURITY TEACHING. 
Section 10(i) of the National Science Foun-dation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n-1(i)) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (5) to read as follows: ‘‘(5) the term ‘mathematics and science teacher’ means a science, technology, engi-neering, mathematics, or computer science, including cybersecurity, teacher at the ele-mentary school or secondary school level;’’; and (2) by amending paragraph (7) to read as follows: ‘‘(7) the term ‘science, technology, engi-neering, or mathematics professional’ means an individual who holds a baccalaureate, master’s, or doctoral degree in science, tech-nology, engineering, mathematics, or com-puter science, including cybersecurity, and is working in or had a career in such field or a related area; and’’. SA 850. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. H
OEVEN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title V, add the following: PART II—RESERVE COMPONENT BENEFITS PARITY 
SEC. lll. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPO-NENT MEMBERS FOR PRE-MOBILIZA-TION HEALTH CARE. 
Section 1074(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in support of a contingency operation under’’ and insert-ing ‘‘under section 12304b of this title or’’. 
SEC. lll. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPO-NENT MEMBERS FOR TRANSITIONAL HEALTH CARE. 
Section 1145(a)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in sup-port of a contingency operation’’ and insert-ing ‘‘under section 12304b of this title or a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) of this title’’. 
SEC. lll. CONSIDERATION OF SERVICE ON AC-TIVE DUTY TO REDUCE AGE FOR ELIGIBILITY FOR RETIRED PAY FOR NON-REGULAR SERVICE. 
Section 12731(f)(2)(B)(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘under a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) or under section 12301(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 12301(d) or 12304b of this title or a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B)’’. 
SEC. lll. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPO-NENT MEMBERS FOR HIGH-DEPLOY-MENT ALLOWANCE FOR LENGTHY OR NUMEROUS DEPLOYMENTS AND FREQUENT MOBILIZATIONS. 
Section 436(a)(2)(C)(ii) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘under’’ the first place it appears the fol-lowing: ‘‘section 12304b of title 10 or’’. 
SEC. lll. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPO-NENT MEMBERS FOR NONREDUC-TION IN PAY WHILE SERVING IN THE UNIFORMED SERVICES OR NA-TIONAL GUARD. 
Section 5538(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting after ‘‘under’’ the following: ‘‘section 12304b of title 10 or’’. 
SEC. lll. EFFECT OF ORDER TO SERVE ON AC-TIVE DUTY ON ELIGIBILITY FOR OR USE OF CERTAIN MILITARY BENE-FITS. 
Section 1175a(j)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘12304, 12304a, or 12304b’’. 
SEC. lll. RETROACTIVE APPLICABILITY OF AMENDMENTS. 
The amendments made by this part shall apply with respect to any order for a member of a reserve component to serve on active duty under section 12304a or 12304b of title 10, United States Code, issued on or after Janu-ary 1, 2012. SA 851. Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. D URBIN , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. ll. GUIDANCE REGARDING USE OF OR-GANIC INDUSTRIAL BASE. 
The Secretary of the Army shall maintain the arsenals with sufficient workloads to en-sure affordability and technical competence in all critical capability areas by estab-lishing, not later than 90 days after the en-actment of this Act, clear, step-by-step, pre-scriptive guidance on the process for con-ducting make-or-buy analyses, including the use of the organic industrial base. 
SA 852. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. TECHNICAL CORRECTION TO AUTHOR-ITY FOR RETURN OF CERTAIN LANDS AT FORT WINGATE, NEW MEXICO, TO ORIGINAL INHAB-ITANTS. 
Section 2829F(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2734) is amended by striking ‘‘titled ‘The Fort Wingate Depot Ac-tivity Negotiated Property Division April 2016’’’ and inserting ‘‘titled ‘Final Agree-ment Map Between Navajo Nation and Pueb-lo of Zuni’, dated March 2016,’’. 
SA 853. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION OF PROPOSED EXPORTS OF DEFENSE ARTICLES FORMERLY INCLUDED ON UNITED STATES MUNITIONS LIST. 
Any license to export a defense article on the Commerce Control List that was con-trolled for export on the United States Muni-tions List (USML) maintained pursuant to part 121 of title 22, Code of Federal Regula-tions as of January 1, 2017, shall be subject to the provisions of section 36 of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2776) regarding notification and review by Congress (and in-cluding all current procedures for consulta-tion) if the authorized value of such license 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.056 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5074 September 7, 2017 
would meet or exceed the value thresholds applicable under such section to defense arti-cles listed on the USML. 
SA 854. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end title XII of division A, add the following: Subtitle H—Iraq and Syria Genocide Relief and Accountability 
SEC. 1291. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Ac-countability Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 1292. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) On March 17, 2016, Secretary of State John Kerry stated, ‘‘in my judgment, Daesh is responsible for genocide against groups in areas under its control, including Yezidis, Christians, and Shia Muslims . . . the United States will strongly support efforts to col-lect, document, preserve, and analyze the evidence of atrocities, and we will do all we can to see that the perpetrators are held ac-countable’’. (2) Secretary of State Kerry stated in the ‘‘Atrocities Prevention Report’’, transmitted to Congress on March 17, 2016, ‘‘The Depart-ment of State has a longstanding commit-ment to providing support for the urgent hu-manitarian needs of conflict-affected popu-lations in Iraq, Syria, and across the world, including but not limited to members of eth-nic and religious minorities.’’. (3) The Independent International Commis-sion of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic stated in its February 3, 2016, report, ‘‘The Government has committed the crimes against humanity of extermination, murder, rape or other forms of sexual violence, tor-ture, imprisonment, enforced disappearance and other inhuman acts. Based on the same conduct, war crimes have also been com-mitted. Both Jabhat Al-Nusra and some anti-Government armed groups have com-mitted the war crimes of murder, cruel treatment, and torture.’’. (4) The International Criminal Investiga-tive Training Assistance Program and the Office of Overseas Prosecutorial Develop-ment Assistance and Training of the Depart-ment of Justice have provided technical as-sistance to governmental judicial and law enforcement entities in Iraq, including with funding support from the Department of State. (5) There were an estimated 800,000 to 1,400,000 Christians in Iraq in 2002, 500,000 in 2013, and less than 250,000 in 2015, according to the annual International Religious Free-dom Reports of the Department of State. (6) Although Christians were an estimated 8 to 10 percent of the 21,000,000 person popu-lation of Syria in 2010, ‘‘media and other re-ports of Christians fleeing the country as a result of the civil war suggest the Christian population is now considerably lower’’ as of 2015, according to the annual International Religious Freedom Reports of the Depart-ment of State. (7) The Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil (Iraq) is an example of an entity that has not received funding from any govern-ment and has been providing assistance to internally displaced families of Yezidis, Mus-lims, and Christians, including food, reset-tlement from tents to permanent housing, and rent for Yezidis, medical care and edu-cation for Yezidis and Muslims through clin-ics, schools, and a university that are open to all, and some form of these types of assist-ance to all of the estimated 10,500 internally displaced Christian families, more than 70,000 people, in the greater Erbil region. (8) Through the United States Refugee Ad-missions Program, the United States Gov-ernment— (A) admitted 12,676 Iraqi refugees in fiscal year 2015, including at least 2,113 Christians and 213 Yezidis; (B) admitted 9,880 Iraqi refugees in fiscal year 2016, including at least 1,524 Christians and 393 Yezidis; (C) admitted 1,682 Syrian refugees in fiscal year 2015, including at least 30 Christians; and (D) admitted 12,587 Syrian refugees in fis-cal year 2016, including at least 64 Christians and 24 Yezidis. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) strongly condemns— (A) the ongoing violence, use of chemical weapons, targeting of civilian populations with barrel, incendiary, and cluster bombs and SCUD missiles, and systematic gross human rights violations carried out by the Government of Syria and pro-government forces under the direction of President Bashar al-Assad; and (B) all abuses committed by violent ex-tremist groups and other combatants in-volved in the civil war in Syria; (2) expresses its support for the people of Syria seeking democratic change; (3) urges all parties to the conflict— (A) to immediately halt indiscriminate at-tacks on civilians; (B) to allow for the delivery of humani-tarian and medical assistance; and (C) to end sieges of civilian populations; (4) calls on the President to support efforts in Syria, and on the part of the international community, to ensure accountability for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and geno-cide committed during the conflict; and (5) supports the request in United Nations Security Council Resolutions 2139 (2014), 2165 (2014), and 2191 (2014) for the Secretary-Gen-eral to regularly report to the Security Council on implementation on the resolu-tions, including of paragraph 2 of Resolution 2139, which ‘‘demands that all parties imme-diately put an end to all forms of violence [and] cease and desist from all violations of international humanitarian law and viola-tions and abuses of human rights’’. 
SEC. 1293. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) C
APACITY -BUILDING .—The term ‘‘capac-ity-building’’, with respect to cases of geno-cide, crimes against humanity, war crimes, and terrorism in Iraq or Syria, means devel-oping domestic skills to efficiently adju-dicate such cases, consistent with due proc-ess and respect for the rule of law, through the use of experts in international criminal investigations and experts in international criminal law to partner with, mentor, pro-vide technical advice for, formally train, and provide equipment and infrastructure where necessary and appropriate to, investigators and judicial personnel in Iraq, including the Kurdistan region of Iraq, and domestic inves-tigators and lawyers in Syria. (3) FOREIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organization’’ mean an organization designated by the Secretary of State as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219(a) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)). (4) G
ENOCIDE .—The term ‘‘genocide’’ means any offense described in section 1091(a) of title 18, United States Code. (5) H
UMANITARIAN , STABILIZATION , AND RE -
COVERY NEEDS .—The term ‘‘humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs’’, with re-spect to an individual, includes water, sani-tation, hygiene, food security, nutrition, shelter, housing, medical, education, and psychosocial needs. (6) H
YBRID TRIBUNAL .—The term ‘‘hybrid tribunal’’ means a temporary criminal tri-bunal that involves a combination of domes-tic and international lawyers, judges, and other professionals to prosecute individuals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide. (7) I
NTERNATIONALIZED DOMESTIC COURT .— The term ‘‘internationalized domestic court’’ means a domestic court with the support of international advisers. (8) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE .—The term ‘‘transitional justice’’ means the range of ju-dicial, nonjudicial, formal, informal, retribu-tive, and restorative measures employed by countries transitioning out of armed conflict or repressive regimes— (A) to redress legacies of atrocities; and (B) to promote long-term, sustainable peace. (9) W
AR CRIME .—The term ‘‘war crime’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2441(c) of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 1294. ACTIONS TO PROMOTE ACCOUNT-ABILITY IN IRAQ FOR ACTS OF GENOCIDE, CRIMES AGAINST HU-MANITY, AND WAR CRIMES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TOSUPPORT CERTAIN ENTI-
TIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor, the Assistant Secretary for International Nar-cotics and Law Enforcement Affairs, and Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall provide as-sistance, including financial assistance, to support the efforts of entities, including non-governmental organizations with expertise in international criminal investigations and law, to undertake the activities described in paragraph (2) to address genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes in Iraq since January 2014. (2) A
CTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—The activities described in this paragraph are— (A) conducting criminal investigations; (B) developing indigenous investigative and judicial skills, including by partnering directly, mentoring, and providing equip-ment and infrastructure for effectively adju-dicating cases consistent with the due proc-ess of law; (C) collecting and preserving evidence; (D) preserving the chain of evidence for prosecution in domestic courts, hybrid tribu-nals, and internationalized domestic courts; and (E) capacity building. (3) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for programs, projects, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.059 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5075 September 7, 2017 
activities carried out by the Assistant Sec-retary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor and the Assistant Secretary for Inter-national Narcotics and Law Enforcement Af-fairs are authorized to be made available to carry out this subsection. (b) A
CTIONS BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS .— The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall en-courage governments of foreign countries— (1) to include information in appropriate security databases and security screening procedures of such countries to identify indi-viduals who are suspected to have committed genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes in Iraq since January 2014 or in Syria since March 2011, including individuals who are suspected to be members of foreign ter-rorist organizations operating within Iraq or Syria; and (2) to prosecute individuals described in paragraph (1) for genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes, as appropriate. (c) R
EVIEW OF CERTAIN CRIMINAL STAT-
UTES .—The Attorney General, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of State, shall con-duct a review of existing criminal statutes concerning genocide, crimes against human-ity, and war crimes to determine— (1) the extent to which United States courts are currently authorized by statute to exercise jurisdiction over such crimes where the direct perpetrators, accomplices, or vic-tims are United States nationals, United States residents, or persons physically present in the territory of the United States either during the commission of the crime or subsequent to the commission of the crime; (2) the statutes currently in effect that would apply to conduct constituting war crimes or crimes against humanity, includ-ing— (A) whether such statutes provide for extraterritorial jurisdiction; (B) the statute of limitations for offenses under such statutes; (C) the applicable penalties under such statutes; and (D) whether offenders would be subject to extradition or mutual legal assistance trea-ties; (3) the extent to which the absence of criminal statutes defining the crimes, or granting jurisdiction, would impede the pros-ecution of genocide, crimes against human-ity, and war crimes in United States courts, including when United States military forces capture persons outside the United States who are known to have committed such crimes in a third country that is either un-able or unwilling to prosecute the crimes; and (4) whether additional statutory authori-ties are necessary to prosecute a United States person or a foreign person within the territory of the United States for genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes. (d) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary of State shall con-sult with, and consider credible information from, entities described in subsection (a)(1). (e) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that an appropriate amount of the additional amount made available under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ in title II of division B of the Further Continuing and Security Assistance Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 114–254) should be made avail-able to carry out subsection (a). 
SEC. 1295. IDENTIFICATION OF, AND ASSISTANCE TO ADDRESS, HUMANITARIAN, STA-BILIZATION, AND RECOVERY NEEDS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Ambassador at Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom, the Special Ad-visor for Religious Minorities in the Near East and South/Central Asia, the Assistant Secretary for Population, Refugees, and Mi-gration, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, and the Director of National Intel-ligence, shall identify— (1) the threats of persecution and other warning signs of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes against individ-uals— (A) who— (i) are or were nationals and residents of Iraq or of Syria; and (ii) are members of a religious, ethnic, or other minority group in Iraq or in Syria against which the Secretary of State has de-termined the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) has committed genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes in Iraq or in Syria since January 2014; or (B) who are members of another religious, ethnic, or other minority group in Iraq or in Syria that has been identified by the Sec-retary of State (or the Secretary’s designee) as a persecuted group; (2) the humanitarian, stabilization, and re-covery needs of individuals described in paragraph (1); (3) the religious, ethnic, and other minor-ity groups in Iraq and in Syria— (A) against which the Secretary of State has determined ISIS has committed geno-cide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes in Iraq or in Syria since January 2014; or (B) that the Secretary of State (or the Sec-retary’s designee) has identified as a per-secuted group at risk of forced migration, within or across the borders of Iraq, Syria, or a country of first asylum, and the primary reasons for such risk; (4) the assistance provided by the United States to address humanitarian, stabiliza-tion, and recovery needs of individuals de-scribed in paragraph (1) and groups described in paragraph (3), including assistance to mitigate the risks of forced migration of such persons and groups from Iraq or from Syria; (5) the mechanisms used by the United States Government to identify, assess, and respond to humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs, and risks of forced migra-tion, of individuals described in paragraph (1) and groups described in paragraph (3); (6) the assistance provided by or through the United Nations, including the Funding Facility for Immediate Stabilization and the Funding Facility for Expanded Stabilization, to address humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of individuals described in paragraph (1) and groups described in para-graph (3), including assistance to mitigate the risks of forced migration of such individ-uals and groups within or across the borders of Iraq, Syria, or a country of first asylum from Iraq or from Syria; (7) the entities, including faith-based enti-ties, that are providing assistance to address humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of individuals described in paragraph (1) and groups described in paragraph (3); and (8) if the United States Government is funding entities described in paragraph (7) for purposes of providing assistance de-scribed in such paragraph, the sources of such funding; and (9) if the United States Government is not funding entities described in paragraph (7) for purposes of providing assistance de-scribed in such paragraph, a justification for not funding such entities, including whether funding such entities is prohibited under United States law. (b) A DDITIONAL CONSULTATION .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall consult with, and consider credible in-formation from, individuals described in sub-section (a)(1) and entities described in sub-section (a)(7). (c) ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State and Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall provide assistance, including cash assist-ance, to support entities described in sub-section (a)(7) that the Secretary and the Ad-ministrator determine are effectively pro-viding assistance described in subsection (a)(7), including entities that received fund-ing from the United States Government for such purposes before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that an appropriate amount of the additional amount made available under the heading ‘‘Economic Support Fund’’ in title II of division B of the Further Continuing and Security Assistance Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 114–254) should be made avail-able to carry out subsection (c). 
SEC. 1296. REPORTS. 
(a) A SSISTANCE FOR PERSECUTED MINORI -
TIES IN IRAQ OR IN SYRIA.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that includes a detailed description of— (1) the efforts taken, and proposed to be taken, by the Secretary of State to imple-ment section 1295; and (2) the matters identified under section 1295(a). (b) S
UPPORT FOR THE INVESTIGATION AND  P
ROSECUTION OF WARCRIMES .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) a detailed description of the efforts taken, and efforts proposed to be taken, by the Secretary of State to implement sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 1294; and (2) an assessment of— (A) the feasibility and advisability of pros-ecuting individuals who are suspected to have committed genocide, crimes against hu-manity, or war crimes in Iraq since January 2014, or in Syria since March 2011, in domes-tic courts in Iraq, hybrid tribunals, and internationalized domestic courts; and (B) the capacity building, and other meas-ures, needed to ensure effective criminal in-vestigations of such individuals. (c) C
RIMINAL STATUTE REVIEW .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall sub-mit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) the results of the review conducted under section 1294(c); and (2) such recommendations for legislative and administrative actions to implement the results of such review as the Attorney Gen-eral determines appropriate. (d) R
EPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY FOR WAR C
RIMES , C RIMES AGAINST HUMANITY , AND G
ENOCIDE IN SYRIA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit a report on war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and another such re-port not later than 180 days after the Sec-retary of State determines that the violence in Syria has ceased. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The reports submitted under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of alleged war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide per-petrated during the civil war in Syria, in-cluding— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.058 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5076 September 7, 2017 
(i) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad and all forces fighting on its behalf; (ii) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by violent extremist groups, anti-government forces, and any other com-batants in the conflict; (iii) any incidents that may violate the principle of medical neutrality and, if pos-sible, the identification of the individual or individuals who engaged in or organized such incidents; and (iv) if possible, a description of the conven-tional and unconventional weapons used for such crimes and the origins of such weapons; and (B) a description and assessment by the Department of State Office of Global Crimi-nal Justice, the United States Agency for International Development, the Department of Justice, and other appropriate agencies of programs that the United States Govern-ment has undertaken to ensure account-ability for war crimes, crimes against hu-manity, and genocide perpetrated against the people of Syria by the regime of Presi-dent Bashar al-Assad, violent extremist groups, and other combatants involved in the conflict, including programs— (i) to train investigators within and out-side of Syria on how to document, inves-tigate, develop findings of, and identify and locate alleged perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide, in-cluding— (I) the number of United States Govern-ment or contract personnel currently des-ignated to work full-time on these issues; and (II) the identification of the authorities and appropriations being used to support such training efforts; (ii) to promote and prepare for a transi-tional justice process or processes for the perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria beginning in March 2011; (iii) to document, collect, preserve, and protect evidence of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria, in-cluding support for Syrian, foreign, and international nongovernmental organiza-tions, and other entities, including the Inter-national, Impartial and Independent Mecha-nism to Assist in the Investigation and Pros-ecution of Persons Responsible for the Most Serious Crimes under International Law Committed in the Syrian Arab Republic since March 2011 and the Independent Inter-national Commission of Inquiry on the Syr-ian Arab Republic; and (iv) to assess the influence of account-ability measures on efforts to reach a nego-tiated settlement to the Syrian conflict dur-ing the reporting period. (3) F
ORM.—The reports required under paragraph (1) may be submitted in unclassi-fied or classified form, but shall include a publicly available annex. (e) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE STUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of State (acting through appropriate officials and of-fices, which may include the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Justice, the United States Agency for International Development, and other appropriate Federal agencies, shall— (1) complete a study of the feasibility and desirability of potential transitional justice mechanisms for Syria, including a hybrid tribunal, to address war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated in Syria beginning in March 2011; and (2) submit a detailed report of the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), including recommendations on which transi-tional justice mechanisms the United States Government should support, why such mech-anisms should be supported, and what type of support should be offered, to— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (f) FORM.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (d)(3), each report required under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex, if necessary. (2) P
ROTECTION OF WITNESSES AND EVI -
DENCE .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary of State shall take due care to en-sure that the identification of witnesses and physical evidence are not publicly disclosed in a manner that might place such persons at risk of harm or encourage the destruction of evidence by the Government of Syria, vio-lent extremist groups, anti-government forces, or any other combatants or partici-pants in the conflict. 
SEC. 1297. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State (acting through appropriate officials and of-fices, which may include the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Justice and other appro-priate Federal agencies, is authorized to pro-vide appropriate assistance to support enti-ties that, with respect to war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad, all forces fighting on its behalf, and all non- state armed groups fighting in the country, including violent extremist groups in Syria beginning in March 2011— (1) identify suspected perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and geno-cide; (2) collect, document, and protect evidence of crimes and preserve the chain of custody for such evidence; (3) conduct criminal investigations; (4) build Syria’s investigative and judicial capacities and support prosecutions in the domestic courts of Syria, provided that President Bashar al-Assad is no longer in power; (5) support investigations by third-party states, as appropriate; or (6) protect witnesses that may be helpful to prosecutions or other transitional justice mechanisms. (b) A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-retary of State, after consultation with ap-propriate Federal agencies and the appro-priate congressional committees, and taking into account the findings of the transitional justice study required under section 1296(e), is authorized to provide assistance to sup-port the creation and operation of transi-tional justice mechanisms, including a po-tential hybrid tribunal, to prosecute individ-uals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide in Syria beginning in March 2011. (c) B
RIEFING .—The Secretary of State shall provide detailed, biannual briefings to the appropriate congressional committees de-scribing the assistance provided to entities described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 1298. STATE DEPARTMENT REWARDS FOR JUSTICE PROGRAM. 
Section 36(b)(10) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(b)(10)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(includ-ing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide committed in Syria beginning in March 2011)’’ after ‘‘genocide’’. SEC. 1299. INDEPENDENT INTERNATIONAL COM-MISSION OF INQUIRY ON THE SYR-IAN ARAB REPUBLIC. 
The Secretary of State, acting through the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations, should use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to advocate that the United Nations Human Rights Council, while the United States remains a member, annu-ally extend the mandate of the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic until the Commission has completed its investigation of all alleged violations of international human rights laws beginning in March 2011 in the Syrian Arab Republic. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I have 7 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, September 7, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. to conduct an executive session to vote on the following nominations: Mr. Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comp-troller of the Currency; and the honor-able Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a member of the board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; reappoint-ment as a supervision of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem; and to vote on S. 1463. Following the executive session, the Committee will meet in open session for a hearing entitled, ‘‘Evaluating Sanctions En-forcement and Policy Option on North Korea.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to hold a hearing on Thursday, September 7, 2017, at 10:30 a.m. in room 366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing in Washington, DC. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, September 7, 2017, at 10 a.m., in 215 Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Health Care: Issues Impacting Cost and Coverage.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet, during the session of the Senate, in order to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Stabilizing Premiums and Helping Individuals in the Individual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.058 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5077 September 7, 2017 
Insurance Market for 2018: Governors’’ on Thursday, September 7, 2017. at 9 a.m., in room 216 of the Hart Senate Of-fice Building. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on September 7, 2017, at 10 a.m., in SD–226 of the Dirksen Sen-ate Office Building, to conduct an exec-utive business meeting. 
COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on Inteligence is authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Thursday, Sep-tember 7, 2017 from 2 p.m. in room SH– 219 of the Senate Hart Office Building to hold a Closed Member Business Meeting followed by a Closed Briefing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON INVESTIGATION  
The Permanent Subcommittee on In-vestigations of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, September 7, 2017, at 10 a.m. in order to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Cutting Through the Red Tape: Oversight of Federal Infrastructure Permitting and the Federal Permitting Improvement Steering Council.’’ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have 1 request for a committee to meeting during today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Ma-jority and Minority Leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meeting during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meeting during the session of the Senate on Thursday, September 7, 2017, during the first scheduled vote on the Senate Floor, tentatively sched-uled to occur at 12:30 p.m., in S–216, The President’s Room, United States Capitol resume considering favorably reporting pending nominations. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that George Delong, a member of my staff, be granted floor privileges for the dura-tion of today’s session of the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent to grant floor privileges to Blake Seitz, a member of my staff. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 601 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Con. Res. 24. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 24) providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 601. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the con-current resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 24) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 69, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 69) authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olym-pics Law Enforcement Torch Run. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the con-current resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 69) was agreed to. 
f 
CHILDREN OF FALLEN HEROES SCHOLARSHIP ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 597 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 597) to increase Federal Pell Grants for the children of fallen public safe-ty officers, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate on the bill? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (S. 597) was passed, as fol-lows: 
S. 597 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Children of Fallen Heroes Scholarship Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CALCULATION OF ELIGIBILITY. 
Section 473(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087mm(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(in the case of a student who meets the requirement of subparagraph (B)(i)), or academic year 2017–2018 (in the case of a student who meets the requirement of subparagraph (B)(ii)),’’ after ‘‘academic year 2009–2010’’; and (B) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) whose parent or guardian was— ‘‘(i) a member of the Armed Forces of the United States and died as a result of per-forming military service in Iraq or Afghani-stan after September 11, 2001; or ‘‘(ii) actively serving as a public safety of-ficer and died in the line of duty while per-forming as a public safety officer; and’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) A
RMED FORCES .—Notwithstanding’’; (B) by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraphs (A), (B)(i), and (C) of paragraph (2)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC SAFETY OFFICERS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, unless the Secretary establishes an alternate meth-od to adjust the expected family contribu-tion, for each student who meets the require-ments of subparagraphs (A), (B)(ii), and (C) of paragraph (2), a financial aid adminis-trator shall— ‘‘(i) verify with the student that the stu-dent is eligible for the adjustment; ‘‘(ii) adjust the expected family contribu-tion in accordance with this subsection; and ‘‘(iii) notify the Secretary of the adjust-ment and the student’s eligibility for the ad-justment.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF PELL AMOUNT .—Not- withstanding section 1212 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796d–1), in the case of a student who receives an increased Federal Pell Grant amount under this section, the total amount of such Federal Pell Grant, including the in-crease under this subsection, shall not be considered in calculating that student’s edu-cational assistance benefits under the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits program under sub-part 2 of part L of title I of such Act. ‘‘(5) D
EFINITION OF PUBLIC SAFETY OFFI -
CER.—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘public safety officer’ means— ‘‘(A) a public safety officer, as defined in section 1204 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796b); or ‘‘(B) a fire police officer, defined as an indi-vidual who— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.060 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5078 September 7, 2017 
‘‘(i) is serving in accordance with State or local law as an officially recognized or des-ignated member of a legally organized public safety agency; ‘‘(ii) is not a law enforcement officer, a firefighter, a chaplain, or a member of a res-cue squad or ambulance crew; and ‘‘(iii) provides scene security or directs traffic— ‘‘(I) in response to any fire drill, fire call, or other fire, rescue, or police emergency; or ‘‘(II) at a planned special event.’’. 
SEC. 3. CALCULATION OF PELL GRANT AMOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 401(b)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘The Amount’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subparagraph (C), the amount’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) In the case of a student who meets the requirements of subparagraphs (A), (B)(ii), and (C) of section 473(b)(2)— ‘‘(i) clause (ii) of subparagraph (A) of this paragraph shall be applied by substituting ‘from the amounts appropriated in the last enacted appropriation Act applicable to that award year, an amount equal to the amount of the increase calculated under paragraph (7)(B) for that year’ for ‘the amount of the increase calculated under paragraph (7)(B) for that year’; and ‘‘(ii) such student— ‘‘(I) shall be provided an amount under clause (i) of this subparagraph only to the extent that funds are specifically provided in advance in an appropriation Act to such stu-dents for that award year; and ‘‘(II) shall not be eligible for the amounts made available pursuant to clauses (i) through (iii) of paragraph (7)(B).’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A student who is eligible to receive a Federal Pell Grant for the academic year for which the determina-tion is made, whose parent or guardian was actively serving as a public safety officer and died in the line of duty while performing as a public safety officer, and who, at the time of the parent or guardian’s death, was less than 24 years of age, or enrolled at an in-stitution of higher education on a part-time or full-time basis shall receive a calculation of a Federal Pell Grant amount according to the amendment made by subsection (a) for the academic year only to the extent that funds are specifically provided in advance in an appropriation Act to such students for that award year. 
SEC. 4. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-mined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. 
SEC. 5. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall take effect on July 1, 2017. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HERSHEL ‘‘WOODY’’ WILLIAMS VA MEDICAL CENTER Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 1165 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 1165) to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 1165) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1165 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION OF HERSHEL ‘‘WOODY’’ WILLIAMS VA MEDICAL CENTER IN HUNTINGTON, WEST VIRGINIA. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Hun-tington, West Virginia, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Hershel ‘Woody’ Williams VA Medical Center’’. (b) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the medical center referred to in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a reference to the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center. f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday, Sep-tember 11; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the Senate observe a moment of silence in remembrance of the lives lost in the attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001; further, that following the moment of silence, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2810, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; fi-nally, that notwithstanding the provi-sions of rule XXII, the cloture vote on the motion to proceed to H.R. 2810 occur at 5:30 p.m., Monday. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator BLUNT and Senator W HITE-
HOUSE . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Missouri. 
f 
INVESTING IN HEALTHCARE RESEARCH Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, today I come to you after we have been able to pass out of the Appropriations Com-mittee the bill to fund the Department of Labor, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the Depart-ment of Education. I want to talk par-ticularly about what happened in that funding, which is now out of committee and ready for the full Senate to act on it and then the Congress to act on it, as it relates to healthcare research. We were able in our committee to have a bipartisan bill. I had a chance to begin to chair that committee 3 years ago. Senator M
URRAY from Washington State is the leading Democrat on that committee. For the previous 6 years— the previous 5 years plus that first budget for which I was the chair—we weren’t able to have a bipartisan bill. But the last 2 years, we have decided that we could figure out how to come together with this committee that ac-tually appropriates about 30 percent of all the appropriated dollars that the Congress deals with and find a way to move forward in a bipartisan way. Cer-tainly, Senator M
URRAY is an impor-tant part of that partnership, and we were able to take our bill to the com-mittee today. Maybe the thing that we did that will have the most long-term significance in that bill was that, for the third year in a row, we were able to increase healthcare research at the National In-stitutes of Health. Now, for the 12 years that ended 3 years ago, there had been zero increase in healthcare re-search in this country. Research, whether it is ag research or health research or other research, is one of the things that the government has done for a long time and can really commit itself to in ways that the pri-vate sector cannot. So when you begin to hold back the healthcare research here, not only do people not have the same potential they have to have their health challenges met and their family health challenges met, but we also hold back our ability to move forward with lifesaving cures and lifesaving prac-tices in an economy where that makes a difference and in a world where these things are changing quickly. So just 3 years ago, the people who run the National Institutes of Health and researchers around the country said that, having had no increase in a dozen years, they were basically 22 per-cent behind where they had been 12 years earlier in just research buying power. Young researchers were leaving the field of research because they were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE6.063 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5079 September 7, 2017 
really disadvantaged in a world where research dollars were effectively going down and people who had had success-ful research before had a much better chance to know how to get and then to be awarded a grant that young re-searchers weren’t getting. So 2 years ago, last year, and again today—2 years ago and last year, suc-cessfully—the Congress said: Now we are going to make a substantial in-crease to healthcare research. It was $2 billion each of those 2 years, which was about a 6.6-percent increase in healthcare research. Today we pro-posed another $2 billion, and just like the previous 2 years, we really had no new money. So we had to figure out how to prioritize, eliminating pro-grams. I think over the 3 years we have now eliminated over 30 programs that just simply weren’t performing well or performing well enough to be a pri-ority. As the Presiding Officer and I have talked about before, when everything is a priority, nothing is really a pri-ority. So we decided this is one of our priorities, and probably, we can safely suggest, a top priority for this com-mittee now over the last 3 years. So we have gone from a 22-percent decline to where we are almost caught up to where the country was 15 years ago, in terms of buying power, with about a 20- percent increase in this one account in three budgets. Again, I think it is important for us and the taxpayers to understand we did that because other things were care-fully looked at and either had their amounts reduced or had their programs eliminated so we could look at the health research. In that 12-year period of time, there had been such a decline in commitment to health research that often the health research projects that were funded weren’t funded in a way that allowed them to have success. At some Institutes at NIH, the success ratio was as low as 9 percent, and even when you are looking at everything, 9 percent is, frankly, too low. I hope we are going to see some real breakthroughs as a part of that re-search. One of the areas that has been a part of that research has been the in-vestment in Alzheimer’s research. Every 68 seconds, someone in America develops Alzheimer’s, and this is a dis-ease that not only impacts in a dra-matic way the person who has it but arguably impacts, in at least as dra-matic a way, the people who care about them and do all they can to care for them. It is the most expensive disease in America. As our population gets older, more and more people get into that age realm where if something doesn’t change, they are going to have Alzheimer’s too. Right now we are spending right at 250 billion tax dollars every year on Alzheimer’s-related care. That is about half the defense budget. The estimate for 2050 is that if something doesn’t change, we will be spending $1.1 trillion of today’s dollars on Alzheimer’s-re-lated care. We talk about big numbers here, and it is easy to get confused. That is a lot or that is half of that—what does that really mean? Well, $1.1 trillion is twice the defense budget. If you can get in your mind all we spend all over the world to defend the country, if we don’t do something to change what is hap-pening with Alzheimer’s, we are going to be spending twice everything we spend to defend the country just on taxpayer-related Alzheimer’s care. The estimate on Alzheimer’s, by the way, is that for every tax dollar spent on Alzheimer’s, there are two private dollars spent and almost never covered by insurance. It has a dramatic impact on people, dramatic impact on their families, and a dramatic impact on taxpayers. We are spending about $1 on Alzheimer’s research right now for every $125 we spend on Medicare and Medicaid. The biggest expenditure in those two funds of any disease is what we spend on Alzheimer’s. Hopefully, we will see changes in that and begin to see things develop there. Also, on the BRAIN Initiative, there has been nearly a 54-percent boost over last year’s level in the BRAIN Initia-tive. The BRAIN Initiative, as part of the 21st Century Cures legislation we voted for, is really developing a more complete understanding of brain func-tion. It has the possibility of helping millions of people who suffer from a wide variety of neurological chal-lenges, psychiatric and behavioral dis-orders, diseases like Alzheimer’s, Par-kinson’s, and traumatic brain injuries in addition to that. It is all part of what we can look at as part of the BRAIN Initiative for psychiatric dis-orders. Remember, the estimate is that one out of every four adult Americans has a diagnosable and almost always treat-able behavioral health issue. If you know that issue, if you know how the brain works in a better way, the treat-ment may be easier, better, more effec-tive, and more long-term than it is now. The National Cancer Institute is looking at the Precision Medicine Ini-tiative. This is where we utilize all we know now about the human genome and about environmental and lifestyle data to see if we can come up with so-lutions. Genomically, we didn’t know any of this a generation ago, but with the human genome, now that we know what we know, we can look at how we individually are different than every-body else. There is a great feeling that in many cancers, there is a unique can-cer-fighting agent for that unique can-cer in you, but what you need to do is amp up that cancer-fighting agent. The Federal Drug Administration just last week approved the first T cell-amping treatment that would do that. Senator T
OOMEY and I went 2 years ago to the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, and saw the work that Dr. Carl June was doing, the groundbreaking work on leukemia. Again, he was amping up that fighting cell in patients whom everybody else had given up on and had great success and caused great optimism about what can happen there. Dr. Tim Eberlein, director of the Siteman Cancer Center in St. Louis, testified before our subcommittee on the critical role of Federal support for looking at these kinds of things and seeing what can happen to make a dif-ference. He shared a story of one of his col-leagues, Dr. Lukas Wartman, an oncologist and leukemia survivor, who had a relapse while, fortunately for him, he was a fellow at Washington University. Research performed a de-tailed analysis of Dr. Wartman’s cancer genome profile. They identified an ex-isting drug typically used to treat a different kind of cancer, but it targeted the kinds of genetic structures that Dr. Wartman had, and he is in remission. It enabled him to undergo a stem cell transplant. He is now continuing his work on behalf of other cancer pa-tients. Whether it is immunology—again, amping up of what you have to fight that unique challenge that you have, whether it is looking at the BRAIN Ini-tiative, these are things that make a difference to families, they make a dif-ference to taxpayers, they make a dif-ference to our economy, and certainly we hope seeing the committee move forward today on what would be the third groundbreaking commitment by the Congress in recent years to make a difference here is an important thing. I hope we get a chance to bring this bill so all the Senators get a chance, as our Members did today, to debate it, to amend it, but no matter what happens on the floor of the Senate, we will have a chance to talk to our colleagues in the House and, hopefully, once again, in the final appropriations bill this year, do what makes a difference. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. BLUNT ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am here to deliver my ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech, which I do every week that the Senate is in session. We have been out of session for a few weeks, so there is a fair amount to talk about that happened while we were gone. One of the first things was a new study in my home State of Rhode Is-land. Rhode Island is a coastal State. We have considerable worries about sea level rise, and we have a State Coastal Resources Management Council that has done what is probably the best modeling anywhere in the country of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.055 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5080 September 7, 2017 
the effects of sea level rise and the risk of ocean storms on our shores. In con-junction with them, there has been a report from the Rhode Island Division of Planning—this is the State govern-ment—which has identified roads and bridges that are most likely to be un-derwater as the tides climb higher and as waves push farther inland. The State’s 10 roads most vulnerable to sea level rise are Hope Street in Bristol, which everybody knows—a beautiful, historical street; Memorial Boulevard in Newport; Wampanoag Trail in Barrington; Conanicus Avenue in Jamestown; North Road in James-town; County Road in Barrington; Beach Street in Narragansett, Main Street in Warren; and State Highway 24 South in Tiverton. Throw in storm surge on top of sea level rise, and the 10 most vulnerable roads are County Road North in Bar-rington; Phillips Street in North Kingstown; America’s Cup Avenue in Newport; Route 138 West onramp in Newport; Hope Street in Bristol; High-way 24 North in Portsmouth; Centerville Road in Warwick; Narra-gansett Avenue in Narragansett; Main Street in Warren; and Route 38 West in Jamestown. The report goes on to identify the 10 bridges most vulnerable to sea level rise and the 10 bridges most vulnerable to a combination of sea level rise and storm surge. Overall, Warwick, Narragansett, Newport, Barrington, and Providence are our top five municipalities most vulnerable to climate change-related road damage. So when I come to the floor to talk about this, this is not some hypothetical, liberal concern. The Coastal Resources Management Council in my home State is predicting 9 vertical feet of sea level rise by the end of this century. As the Presiding Officer knows, Rhode Island is not a huge State. We don’t have a lot to give back to the ocean. Nine feet of sea level rise is potentially catastrophic. And when my State Division of Plan-ning is highlighting the roads and bridges that we are going to lose to sea level rise and to storm surge, don’t ex-pect me to sit idly by. There is a larger context, of course, for all of this. I am pretty Rhode Is-land-centric, but, boy, are we seeing a lot going on. Let’s start off with what is going on out West. We have an extraordinary wildfire situation happening in the American West. I am reading a news story here: 
Wildfires burned across hundreds of thou-sands of acres in the American and Canadian West this week, fueled by scorching tempera-tures that are breaking heat and fire records across the region. In California, at least 15 cities have seen record-breaking heat. The State has experi-enced its hottest summer on record. San Francisco hit 106 degrees over the weekend, breaking its previous high ever by 3 full de-grees. By the end of the day Tuesday, there were at least 81 large fires blazing across 1.5 mil-lion acres of the U.S. West, from Colorado, to California, and north to Washington. ‘‘These unprecedented extreme events are exactly the types of events that are more likely due to the global warming that has already occurred,’’ say the scientists. 
Studies find that a warmed global atmos-phere with increasingly clear human finger-prints will continue driving a potent mix of heat and dryness that is projected to esca-late in the West. 
The climate scientist at UCLA says: ‘‘That’s not a future projection, but an observational reality, and that is some-thing that we expect to increase in the future. When we get these extremes, there is a human fingerprint.’’ ‘‘The increased occurrence of severe heat and the role of global warming on the occurrence of severe heat, that is already happening,’’ said a Stanford scientific researcher. This is not a fluke. 
Nine of the 10 worst fire seasons in the past 50 years have all happened since 2000. And 2015 was the worst fire s in U.S. history, sur-passing 10 million acres burned for the first time ever recorded. So far this year, wildfires in the U.S. are at 7.8 million acres, but the fire season is far from over. 
Researchers have shown that human- induced climate change accounted for about half the observed increase in fuel aridity, or forest dryness, that has been setting off these fires in the Western United States since 1979 and that this had nearly doubled the area of the U.S. West affected by forest fires since 1984. The conclusion: 
We know that global warming has already increased the probability of unprecedented high temperatures in the western U.S., in-cluding in California. And we know— 
‘‘We know,’’ the scientists say— 
with high confidence that continued global warming will continue to intensify those in-creases. Last week in Montana, a 20-square-mile blaze burned the historic Sperry Chalet, a hotel and dining room built in 1914 only reachable by trail. 
It had been there for more than 100 years, but this is the fire that burned it down. This means a lot out at Glacier National Park. 
‘‘It’s hard to think about the magnitude of what’s happened,’’ the National Park Conser-vancy Executive Director Doug Mitchell said. 
One of the western fires even jumped the Columbia River to burn across into Washington—the Eagle Creek fire. As the news said, in Oregon’s Colum-bia River Gorge, a blaze known as the Eagle Creek Fire has jumped the Co-lumbia River and is inching into the State of Washington, creating dra-matic and dangerous scenes. Another news report called this a devastating summer in which an area larger than a certain State has burned. I would hate to have Rhode Island be used as the unit of measure, but that is what they said: An area larger than Rhode Island has burned this summer. And they are looking not just at the loss of the Sperry Chalet but poten-tially losing Lake McDonald Lodge—‘‘a loss that would,’’ says a historian who has worked at the lodge for years, ‘‘be unimaginably devastating.’’ ‘‘These are some of the most remark-able buildings anywhere in the United States and they are an integral part of the Glacier experience and the Glacier tradition.’’ They are either burned or at risk of burning. If you are in those Western States, it is not just in the high, dry forests; if you go down to the oceans, climate change is whacking away at them too. The Oregon and Washington razor clam fisheries are currently closed due to high levels of domoic acid. Domoic acid is a toxin that is produced by algae—the algae Pseudo-nitzchia—and algae are associated with climate change. For instance, a record-break-ing red tide in 2015 was likely linked to climate change, and we are going to see a lot more of that in the future. Now, of course, the dry part of what is happening in our climate has really been drowned out by what we are see-ing on the wet part. The New York Times recently ran an article saying: Climate change doesn’t cause extreme events, it amplifies them. On the climate side of risk, we have unambiguous evidence that the hazards are changing. Our emissions of heat-trapping gases have already in-creased the likelihood and severity of heat waves, extreme rainfalls, and storm surges. Scientists can now even evaluate how much climate change has increased the odds of in-dividual extreme events, including rainfall and flooding. We certainly understand the mechanisms. Put simply, a warmer atmos-phere can hold more water, increasing the potential for heavy downpours. Storm surge now occurs on top of sea level rise, increasing flooding risks. 
We know by the law of thermal ex-pansion why the seas rise when they warm, and we have measured that they are warming with a very complicated device called the thermometer. 
Warmer oceans in turn produce more in-tense hurricanes. 
We know that as well, as has oc-curred in the North Atlantic and the gulf. The article continues that ‘‘unprece-dented is increasingly the norm,’’ and it notes that ‘‘up to 8 feet of sea level rise is possible in this century.’’ Rhode Island is in a unique place, so we are riding higher than average, and we are looking at potentially 9 feet of sea level rise. Harvey has been an astonishing mon-ster of a storm. It was described in one article as 9 trillion gallons of water, a hydraulic cube over downtown Houston 4 miles square and 2 miles high. And then the author said: ‘‘The cube dou-bled to become the most extreme rain event in American history.’’ Harvey, by the way, is the third 500- year flood in the Houston area in the past 3 years. It dumped enough water in southeastern Texas to equal almost 20 times the daily discharge of the Mis-sissippi River. So while the wildfires are burning out West, this astonishing set of del-uges is happening elsewhere. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.057 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5081 September 7, 2017 
Land temperatures, according to NOAA, were the hottest they have ever been in 1,651 months of recordkeeping. July also marked 384 months since the last colder-than-average month in NASA’s database. So 384 months since we had a month that was colder than average, with July well warmer than average. The last 3 consecutive years— 2014, 2015, and 2016—each set a new global record for warmth, according to NOAA. Politico writes: ‘‘2016 confirmed as planet’s hottest year,’’ with the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration documenting record- breaking global warming trends of 2016. The observed outcomes of swiftly ris-ing temperatures include the highest sea levels ever recorded, extremes in rain cycles, and declines in global ice and snow cover, with last year the third in a row breaking global tempera-ture records. ‘‘Several markers such as land and ocean temperatures, sea level and greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere broke records set just one year prior,’’ the NOAA report said. ‘‘The long-term climate change is like riding up an escalator over time, and things like El Nino and La Nina are like jumping up and down on that esca-lator,’’ one of the NOAA scientists said. So that is what we are seeing—the underlying trend of climate change raising temperatures, with El Nino and La Nina creating a variation like jump-ing up and down on that escalator. 
Greenhouse gas concentrations are now higher than ever recorded. Global surface temperatures are the high-est on record. Sea levels are the highest they’ve ever been since record keeping began. Precipitation cycles are becoming more ex-treme. Antarctic sea ice levels are lower than ever recorded. Alpine glaciers have declined for 37 con-secutive years. There were more tropical cyclones. . . . 
Something is going on, and that well- known far-left liberal outlet, USA Today, had its editorial board say the following: 
Could proof grow any more powerful that humanity is responsible for a dangerously warming planet? 
It referenced the quadrennial Na-tional Climate Assessment: 
Scientists from 13 federal agencies found that a rapid rise in temperature since the 1980s in the United States represents the warmest period in 1,500 years. 
It quotes the report: 
Many lines of evidence demonstrate that human activities, especially emission of greenhouse gases, are primarily responsible. There are no alternative explanations. 
Do you hear that? ‘‘There are no al-ternative explanations,’’ and it keeps coming down. There was an article that came out while we were away on the great flood of 2016 in Louisiana: ‘‘The worst rain-storm in a rainy state’s history,’’ the article called it. 
In some places, more than 2 feet of rain fell over three days. . . . Research has shown it was . . . clearly linked to climate change. There were two separate teams of sci-entists that linked Louisiana’s great flood with climate change, and the State’s own meteorologist, a gen-tleman named Barry Keim, a professor at Louisiana State University, said that aspects of the August storm were consistent with climate change, and that both of the climate studies so far have shown it likely that climate change likely had its fingerprints on that Louisiana disaster. Indeed, in Louisiana, the State is mounting a massive battle against ris-ing seas as well as floods. Along the coast, ‘‘rising waters and escalating flood insurance rates,’’ the article says, ‘‘will drive thousands of families fur-ther inland, the state predicts, leaving behind homes’’—these families are leaving behind homes—‘‘they have known for generations,’’ leaving behind ‘‘places that have fundamentally shaped their identities.’’ One of the Louisianans living in the area in question said: ‘‘This is the first time that I can remember that a group came in and said it’s not going to be all right.’’ 
But over the next two generations [flood-ing in Louisiana along the marshes and coastal] will happen at an alarming scale, as the twin challenges of sinking land and ris-ing seas overtake ancestral homes at break-neck speed. In 50 years, the state estimates Terrebonne parish, whose name means ‘‘good earth’’ in the French that some of its resi-dents still speak, will lose 41 percent of its land mass. 
Areas are obviously going to lose their tax bases, the report says, ‘‘as ris-ing waters and increasing flood insur-ance rates drive most locals out.’’ 
The Louisiana planners had a leg up, since the environmental changes here have been so swift that many residents have seen land lost in their own lifetimes. 
When you are seeing it happen before your eyes, it is not so easy to deny it. Indeed, it is affecting local markets, and ‘‘new-gated communities advertise ‘higher elevations’ on bright [adver-tising] banners facing the highway.’’ In Louisiana: 
What had been the worst-case scenario for land loss when the legislature passed its 2012 version of the master plan became the best- case scenario in the latest version, approved by the legislature in June, thanks to updated sea-level rise estimates. 
So we are in Louisiana. We are in a Republican-controlled legislature, and they pass a master plan to address flooding in 2012. That master plan is based on a worst-case scenario. Just in the 5 years since then that worst-case scenario, the legislature has now up-dated that to become a best-case sce-nario, with the worst-case scenario far, far exceeding what they anticipated just as recently as 2012. ‘‘Climate change and water manage-ment practices could significantly alter the magnitude and variability of extreme flooding events, causing flood-ing to become nonstationary,’’ said the article, ‘‘Deciphering Deluges.’’ We have to come up with new ways on how to cope with sea level rise, off-shore storms, major tropical storms, downpours, and riverine flooding. Right now, our colleague BILLNEL-
SONhas left us this afternoon after the vote to go back down to Florida be-cause Hurricane Irma is steaming to-ward his State. Hurricane Irma is the most powerful storm ever recorded in the Atlantic Ocean. Experts say Irma’s strength is the result of unusually warm water for that part of the Atlan-tic. Guess what global warming does. It raises ocean temperatures. Do you know how much of the excess heat cre-ated has gone into the oceans? About 93 percent—virtually all of it. Thank goodness for the oceans. Without them, we would already be baking in climate change. So 93 percent went into the oceans, but, of course, that raises ocean temperatures, and on go the storms. If Irma stays on the forecast track and reaches the Florida Straits, the water there is warm enough that the already intense storm could become much worse, with wind speeds poten-tially reaching 225 mph, warned Kerry Emanuel, an MIT meteorology pro-fessor. ‘‘For the Florida Keys, if you were to create the worst case scenario, that is what we are looking at,’’ Monroe Coun-ty Emergency Operations Center Direc-tor Martin Senterfitt told CBS Miami. Even Tropical Storm Emily some time ago dumped enough rain on Miami Beach—7 inches of rainfall over several hours—that the pumps meant to drain the area went offline for near-ly an hour because the power was in-terrupted. The mayor, Tomas Regalado, used the flooding to make a case for a proposed $400 million bond initiative to help pump the water out. We have infrastructure demands that come from this disaster as well. A pretty good summary came, again, from an article in the New York Times, an editorial piece. What is going on? 
First, hurricanes arise from warm waters, and the Gulf of Mexico has warmed by two to four degrees Fahrenheit over the long-term average. The result is more intense storms. ‘‘There is a general consensus that the fre-quency of high-category (3, 4, and 5) hurri-canes should increase as the climate warms,’’ Kerry Emmanuel, a hurricane ex-pert at M.I.T., tells me. Second, as the air warms, it holds more water vapor, so the storms dump more rain. That’s why there’s been a big increase in heavy downpours. Nine of the top 10 years for heavy downpours in the U.S. have occurred since 1990. 
‘‘Climate change played a role in in-tensifying the winds and rainfall asso-ciated with Hurricane Harvey,’’ says Charles Greene, a climate scientist at Cornell. 
Last year was the third in a row to set a record for highest global average surface temperature, according to NASA. The 10 years of greatest loss of sea ice are all in the last decade. Houston has suffered three ‘‘500- year floods’’ in the last 3 years. 
So the author asks the question: Why can’t we all respect scientists’ pre-dictions about our cooking of our only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.057 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5082 September 7, 2017 
planet? How is it that we don’t listen to the scientists on this, particularly right here in this room, in this Cham-ber? There are two very interesting arti-cles that came out while we were away that addressed this. One is about a phony group called the Cooler Heads Coalition, whose job is to call climate science a hoax and denounce environ-mentalists as global warming alarm-ists. They write letters, blast out emails, pressure lawmakers, sponsor seminars, appear on television. They even made a documentary movie. This article in the Washington Post told the story behind this coalition. Obviously, the coalition, this Cooler Heads crowd, is paid for. ‘‘The Cooler Heads have received more than $11 mil-lion in donations over the years from coal and oil companies.’’ Who knew? ‘‘They’ve taken in tens of millions from nonprofit foundations, such as those controlled by the wealthy Koch brothers. . . .’’ Guess what. There is more fossil fuel money. The Koch brothers run a fossil fuel empire. 
The Cooler Heads Coalition . . . are allied with industry trade groups, public relations companies and lobbyists, all of whom are working to influence public debate about global warming. Climate scientists said there is no doubt about the reality of climate change and its consequences, including melting polar ice caps, rising sea levels, and the intensifica-tion of storms. 
Benjamin Santer is a scientist at Lawrence Livermore National Labora-tory. We are pretty proud of our Na-tional Laboratories, and we usually don’t think people who are there are idiots or are fooling us or are part of a hoax. Dr. Santer, by the way, also re-ceived a MacArthur Foundation Genius award. He told the Washington Post that this Cooler Heads outfit is ‘‘at-tempting to turn back the clock on knowledge and science.’’ The history of this is rooted in a complex influence campaign that began in support of tobacco. The to-bacco plan foreshadowed the tactics that Cooler Heads members would soon employ on climate change. First, there were millions in con-tributions from affected industries, often laundered through front groups and through foundations. ‘‘The same array of donors,’’ the Washington Post reports, ‘‘would help finance charities behind’’ the fight against climate science. They took the skills they learned, de-nying the health harms of tobacco, and moved that same technology of propa-ganda, influence, and politicking into climate change. The Competitive En-terprise Institute became the lead group in this Cooler Heads Coalition, taking over management of the coali-tion, joined by groups such as the Heartland Institute. The Heartland In-stitute is really a classy group. They are the ones that put up billboards comparing climate scientists to the Unabomber. That is the quality of de-bate we get out of the Heartland Insti-tute. Americans for Prosperity is another influential nonprofit organization, which is a front for—guess whom—the Koch brothers and Koch Industries; i.e., the fossil fuel industry. They got particularly cranked up by the Kyoto Protocol, and the story continues: The energy industry went on a spending spree to thwart Kyoto, devoting at least $13 million to public relations and information campaigns in 1997. . . . The Cooler Heads Co-alition was in effect a loose confederation of groups with the declared mission of coun-tering ‘‘the myths of global warming.’’ 
In early 1998, this Cooler Heads group met with energy industry executives and lobbyists in closed-door meetings at the American Petroleum Institute and began to soak up more money, and here is what the plan was. I am quoting from the story in the Post. 
One former Cooler Heads member, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of fear of a punitive backlash, said the coali-tion’s mission . . . was to . . . simulate a ‘‘cacophony of voices’’ against climate- change science. ‘‘There’s a whole web,’’ the former member said [out to do this]. 
The ExxonMobil Foundation, of course, had given millions to Cooler Heads members. A 2009 IRS filing for the Competitive Enterprise Institute—the group that took over the coalition and managed it—inadvertently made public a filing that disclosed their funding from two coal mining companies, Ohio-based Murray Energy and Richmond-based Massey Energy. ‘‘Contributions to CEI during the Obama administration rose to $7.6 mil-lion in 2014.’’ As the article continues, ‘‘CEI and the Cooler Heads were just the tip of the spear. . . . [B]etween 2003 and 2010, energy companies, corpora-tions and conservative foundations contributed hundreds of millions to 91 nonprofit ‘think tanks,’ educational groups and associations involved in the fight against global-warming regula-tions.’’ To put it mildly, as the expert who chronicled this concluded, ‘‘This is a large-scale political effort.’’ We have one last report from inside that large-scale political effort. This is the firsthand voice of the individual. His name is Jerry Taylor. Here is what he says: 
I used to be the number two person at the Cato Institute. 
The Cato Institute is one of this con-stellation of rightwing groups that fo-ment and support climate denial and receives money from fossil fuel inter-ests. He continues: 
I was responsible for building our resist-ance to climate action. . . . I discovered that a lot of the scientific narratives I was offer-ing were really dodgy. . . . [O]ne of the peo-ple that I trusted the most was in the busi-ness of consciously misrepresenting the de-bate. This really rattled me. 
He goes on. 
[O]nce I started looking closely at a lot of the convenient, plausible talking points I was offering they began to fall apart. [I then turned to look at] economic arguments. He says: 
This is pretty hard. It’s a very difficult thing . . . to find that you cannot trust any of the scientists that are being offered to re-sist climate action. 
This is the guy who used to lead the anti-climate action effort of the Cato Institute, saying it is a very difficult thing to find that you cannot trust any of the scientists who are being offered to resist climate action, and then the economists whom you have been rely-ing on to put cautious remarks about cost-benefit are now all walking away from the game. He goes on to say: 
We got to the point . . . where you could not find an academic economist who studies climate change who argued against climate action—not one single one. 
Here is his conclusion: 
Believe it or not, libertarians and conserv-atives and Republicans were put on this earth with the perfect answer to climate change—harnessing markets and price sig-nals via a carbon tax or a carbon tax-like mechanism to reduce greenhouse gas emis-sion. We’re perfectly placed to do that. [What is it that] keeps Republicans from coming to the conclusion that climate change doesn’t just threaten polar bears in the Arctic, it threatens the global economy, it threatens capital flows, it threatens cap-italism. . . . It’s not the Republican base, let me tell you. 
There is poll after poll, survey after survey showing that most Republicans believe in doing something about cli-mate. He continues: 
What prevents Republican politicians from acting is that there are significant members in the Republican Party Coalition who are denialist demanders. 
They are not just climate deniers themselves, they are denialist demand-ers. 
They have outsized influence in the party. 
He says: 
[T]he Koch-controlled Tea Party move-ment [has] held the GOP by the throat. 
By the way, if you were somebody who was trying to find some comfort in the widely reported phenomenon that 97 percent of climate scientists con-clude the global warming is real and problematic for the planet and has been exacerbated by human activity, if you are comforting yourself that maybe the 3 percent were right, that the really smart place to place your bet for the future of the planet and our economy and our standing in the world is on those 3 percent—not take the 97 percent bet; no, take the 3-percent bet—if that is the way you are think-ing, you got bad news. Researchers tried to replicate the re-sults of those 3 percent of papers. Guess what. They found biased, faulty results. Katharine Hayhoe is an atmospheric scientist at Texas Tech University. She said this: 
Every single one of those analyses had an error—in their assumptions, methodology, or analysis—that, when corrected, brought their results into line with the scientific consensus. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.059 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5083 September 7, 2017 
If you are hoping that 3 percent was somehow going to bail you out from having to face this crisis, that just blew up. There is no 3 percent. 
Broadly, there were three main errors in the papers denying climate change. Many had cherry-picked the results . . . some that applied inappropriate ‘‘curve-fitting’’ [to try to step] away from data until the points matched the curve of their choosing. 
This is my favorite. 
Sometimes the papers just ignored physics altogether. 
It has been quite a month with the West ablaze, Houston underwater, the most powerful storm ever measured in the Atlantic is headed our way, heat and rain and other measures breaking records year after year, multiple de-partments of governments aligning to warn us, and how does the Trump Ad-ministration respond? The Energy department asked sci-entists to remove the word ‘‘climate change’’ from a grant proposal. 
I have been asked to contact you to update the wording in your proposal abstract to re-move words such as ‘‘global warming’’ or ‘‘climate change.’’ 
Not just one fluke. In March, POLIT-ICO reported as follows: 
[T]hat staff at the Department of Energy . . . were told not to use the terms ‘‘climate change,’’ ‘‘emissions reduction’’ or ‘‘Paris Agreement.’’ 
The Department put out a power grid study that has been long delayed, and in the power grid study, the words ‘‘cli-mate change’’ never appeared. Wher-ever they were in earlier drafts, they got scrubbed. The only reference to cli-mate is a reference to ‘‘rescinding en-ergy and climate-related policies.’’ The EPA has been scrubbing the word ‘‘climate change’’ from its website. It removed its climate change page and then got hammered with a se-ries of Freedom of Information Act re-quests as to what is going on with that so they quickly scrambled and pub-lished an archived version but buried it back in the website. The Department of Interior has also removed discussions of the effects of global warming from several of its pages. The Department of Agriculture has emails showing how staff in their Natural Resources Conservation Serv-ice was coached by managers to avoid the term ‘‘climate change’’ and instead use other language. That is where we are—all of those facts, the motive behind it, the finger-prints of the fossil fuel industry, the confessions by participants in those schemes. Where are we? In this room, silence. Nobody will talk about it be-cause the power of the fossil fuel indus-try is so strong, the threats are so bloodcurdling that nobody dares. We cannot have a grownup, factual discus-sion about climate change in this building either. Of course, over in the Trump administration, they have com-pletely thrown in the towel to the fos-sil fuel industry, and now we are hop-ing to dodge the problem by forbidding people from using the words ‘‘climate change.’’ It is pathetic. I yield the floor. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 2017, AT 3 P.M. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate stands adjourned until 3 p.m. on Monday, September 11. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:15 p.m., adjourned until Monday, September 11, 2017, at 3 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
THE JUDICIARY  
R. STAN BAKER, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF GEORGIA, VICE WILLIAM T. MOORE, JR., RETIRED. JEFFREY UHLMAN BEAVERSTOCK, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA, VICE CALLIE V. GRANADE, RE-TIRED. RYAN WESLEY BOUNDS, OF OREGON, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT, VICE DIARMUID F. O’SCANNLAIN, RETIRED. JOHN W. BROOMES, OF KANSAS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF KANSAS, VICE JOHN THOMAS MARTEN, RETIRED. REBECCA GRADY JENNINGS, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY, VICE JOHN G. HEYBURN II, RE-TIRED. TERRY FITZGERALD MOORER, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA, VICE WILLIAM H. STEELE, RE-TIRED. FERNANDO RODRIGUEZ, JR., OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, VICE GREGG JEFFREY COSTA, ELEVATED. KAREN GREN SCHOLER, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, VICE JORGE A. SOLIS, RETIRED. BRETT JOSEPH TALLEY, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF ALABAMA, VICE MARK E. FULLER, RESIGNED . ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
WILLIAM L. WEHRUM, OF DELAWARE, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY, VICE REGINA MCCARTHY, RE-SIGNED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
RAINEY R. BRANDT, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FIF-TEEN YEARS, VICE JUDITH NAN MACALUSO, RETIRED. DEBORAH J. ISRAEL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FIF-TEEN YEARS, VICE MELVIN R. WRIGHT, RETIRED. ELIZABETH L. BRANCH, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT, VICE FRANK M. HULL, RETIRED. MATTHEW J. KACSMARYK, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, VICE MARY LOU ROBINSON, RETIRED. GREGORY G. KATSAS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA CIRCUIT, VICE JANICE R. BROWN, RETIRED. EMILY COODY MARKS, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF ALABAMA, VICE MYRON H. THOMPSON, RETIRED. JEFFREY CARL MATEER, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, VICE RICHARD A. SCHELL, RETIRED. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate September 07, 2017: 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOHN K. MULLER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G07SE6.060 S07SEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1173 September 7, 2017 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes: 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Chair, as the co-chair of the Congressional Caucus on Parkinson’s Dis-ease and a member of the Congressional Mul-tiple Sclerosis Caucus, I’m proud of the collec-tive work of the 114th Congress in enacting 21st Century Cures—a bipartisan undertaking to help our healthcare innovation infrastructure thrive and deliver more hope for all patients. Personally, I have family members who have suffered with Parkinson’s—I witness this debilitating disease through them. It’s hard to watch. Few things in America are truly uni-versal—diseases, sadly, are one of those things. Currently, we do not have accurate informa-tion about how many people are living with neurological diseases like Parkinson’s and Multiple Sclerosis, geographic location, or even basic attributes like gender, ethnicity, etc. Lack of accurate information slows critical research while erecting new and reinforcing existing barriers to health care services that these vulnerable patients need. 21st Century Cures addressed this issue by statutorily developing the necessary infrastruc-ture to collect data on neurological diseases so key health stakeholders could better under-stand the patient population, facilitate re-search, and proactively plan for health care needs—saving lives while controlling costs. This infrastructure is the National Neurological Conditions Surveillance System. Information provided by the National Neuro-logical Conditions Surveillance System will provide a foundation for understanding factors, such as clusters of diagnoses in certain geo-graphic regions, variances in the number of men and women diagnosed with neurological diseases, and differences in health care prac-tices among patients. Unfortunately, funds were not appropriated to formally establish this database at CDC. Mr. Chair, I understand that we must prac-tice fiscal discipline and exercise fiscal con-straint. I understand difficult decisions must be made in this appropriation bill. I understand the fiscal environment in which we now find ourselves due to our low budget caps here in the House. However, as the budget caps are higher in the Senate, I ask that should the measure we are considering be put before a conference committee, that funding be made available for the National Neurological Condi-tions Surveillance System so that we can real-ize the mission of 21st Century Cures—to ac-celerate medical product development and bring new innovations and advances to pa-tients who need them faster and more effi-ciently. I hope you will work with me to find funding for this critical system for patients. f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes: 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of Amendment No. 66, offered by Representative J
AYAPAL , to strike the $535 million increase for ICE enforcement and in-stead add $30 million to ICE’s Office of the In-spector General and $10 million to DHS’s Of-fice of Civil Rights and Civil Liberties. This ad-ditional oversight funding would support inves-tigations of sexual assault in immigration de-tention as mandated by the Prison Rape Elimi-nation Act. The Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) was passed in 2003 as a result of a remark-able bipartisan effort led by Congressman Frank Wolf and myself in the House and Sen-ators Jeff Sessions and Ted Kennedy in the Senate. Ten years after passage of PREA, in 2014, DHS finalized regulations to comply with PREA. This year, 2017, is the first in which DHS is instituting those regulations by auditing its facilities for compliance. We must aid DHS in its efforts to investigate and prevent sexual abuse. According to the Office of Inspector General (OIG) at DHS, dur-ing the two-year period from May 2014 to July 2016, it received over 1,000 complaints from detainees reporting sexual abuse or assault. The Office of Inspector General investigated only 24 of those complaints—that is 2.4 per-cent of the total complaints that were made by detained immigrants. Immigrant detainees also face barriers to reaching the Inspector General’s telephone hotline for reporting abuse, because, accord-ing to a 2013 report from the Government Ac-countability Office (GAO), approximately 14 percent of calls placed to that hotline did not go through because, for example, the call was not answered. This Amendment is an essential step to giv-ing DHS resources to comply with PREA and protect immigrants from sexual abuse and as-sault in detention facilities. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 SPEECH OF  
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes: 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of an amendment I’ve offered to provide the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) an additional $9 million. The purpose of this amendment is to enable the agency to focus on connected and automated vehicles by expanding its workforce to validate the safety of these transformative vehicles, defin-ing new testing protocols as the technology advances, and to better collaborate with indus-try, and state and local governments to con-duct adequate oversight of their deployment on our roads. Connected and automated vehicles are a rapidly emerging technology with the potential to improve safety and mobility, decrease con-gestion, and increase the overall efficiency of our nation’s transportation network. But along with this progress comes a number of press-ing policy challenges. The federal government can, and must, play a role in maximizing the societal benefits of these technologies. In a time when the technology that enables automated vehicles is rapidly advancing, I firmly believe that we must continue to pro-mote U.S. leadership in this industry, with the goal of full deployment of automated vehicles on our roads and highways. Policies that bal-ance consumer protection while facilitating in-novation will ultimately benefit our manufac-turing and transportation industries and their workers. As Co-Chair of the Unmanned Systems Caucus, I have been holding periodic roundtables around the country on connected and autonomous transportation policy for the past two years. I have listened to experts from O.E.M.s, tier 1 suppliers, infoimation tech-nology companies, transportation planners, and tech start-ups. Part of this interest is from my background as an engineer, and my work as the Ranking Member of the House Science Committee’s Research Subcommittee. Last Congress, I in-troduced the Future TRIP Act to promote auto-mated vehicle research. Key provisions of that bill passed into law in the FAST Act. NHTSA has done an admirable job of work-ing with the industry in developing policy guid-ance while allowing enough flexibility to pro-mote innovation for an industry that is con-stantly evolving. It is exactly this kind of con-sensus-based incremental change that will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07SE8.001 E07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1174 September 7, 2017 
their safety on the road. NHTSA needs the ability to review and process vehicle exemp-tions, conduct testing, and review safety standards. Earlier today, we passed H.R. 3388, the SELF DRIVE Act, which expanded NHTSA’s authorities in this area. That bill is an impor-tant step toward defining the federal govern-ment’s role in regulating automated vehicles. The bill supports the testing and deployment of automated vehicles through the waiver process, preempts a patchwork of differing state and local regulations to provide certainty to industry and vehicle operators, and ensures consumer confidence by improving safety standards. My amendment provides the initial financial resources needed to carry out the directives authorized in the SELF DRIVE Act, and sub-sequently appropriates the resources to give NHTSA the ability to examine these ongoing challenges. I appreciate the support of Chairman D
IAZ- B
ALART , and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SENIOR DETECTIVE ARLENE CURRIER 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Senior Detective Arlene Currier for nearly a decade and a half of serving and pro-tecting the community in Salinas, California. Detective Currier obtained a law enforce-ment certificate from Gavilan College in Gilroy, California, and continued her education at Ev-ergreen Valley College and San Jose City Col-lege. In 2003, she transitioned from a career in sales and marketing to a position in the Sa-linas Police Department’s Patrol Division. Pa-trolling assigned areas in the city of Salinas, she embraced her role as both an enforcer of the law and as a leader in her community. Of-ficer Currier investigated criminal activity with efficiency, provided assistance and first aid, and fostered a strong relationship with resi-dents. In 2005, as a Field Training Officer, she instructed new recruits in proper procedure, and helped the Salinas Police Department maintain its standard of excellence. As of 2007, Officer Currier became a rob-bery and homicide detective. In this capacity, she took an active part in nearly every aspect of law enforcement—from the crime scene to the courtroom. Detective Currier also served on the board of directors of the Filipino-Amer-ican Law Enforcement Officers Association, an organization dedicated to promoting, ‘‘fraternal relationships and cultural awareness among all law enforcement personnel and the com-munities [they] serve.’’ I stand with the City of Salinas, and the en-tirety of California’s 20th District, in expressing our gratitude for Arlene Currier’s many years of meritorious service. I wish her well in her retirement and future endeavors. RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SERGEANT (SGT) MATTHEW LEE INGRAM HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Sergeant. (SGT) Matthew Lee Ingram who paid the ulti-mate sacrifice while defending our great nation on August 21, 2009, during Operation Endur-ing Freedom. SGT Ingram was killed when an improvised explosive device detonated near his military vehicle in Kunar Province, Afghani-stan. The blast occurred while his unit was under small arms fire from enemy forces. SGT Ingram was assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 12th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division, Fort Carson, Colo-rado. SGT Ingram grew up in eastern Mississippi, where he attended Newton High School. He played wide receiver on the school’s football team. He enlisted in the U.S. Army in 2003 and completed his basic training at Fort Benning, Georgia. Following basic training, SGT Ingram was assigned to South Korea, where he spent 10 months before his entire brigade was deployed to Iraq from 2004 until 2005. In 2006, SGT Ingram married his wife, Holly, while stationed at Fort Carson, Colo-rado. They had one daughter, Chloe. That same year, SGT Ingram deployed to Iraq for a second tour. In May 2009, SGT Ingram de-ployed to Afghanistan. Mississippi lawmakers recognized SGT Ingram for his service and sacrifice. The Res-olution was adopted by the Senate and the House during the 2010 regular session. It states that, ‘‘SGT Ingram was a loving father, husband and son who is counted among America’s heroes, committed to our nation’s safety and security.’’ It further states that, ‘‘Mississippians understand the costs of con-flict because we have paid them in the past.’’ SGT Ingram’s earned the Purple Heart, Army Commendation medal, Army Achieve-ment medal, two Army Good Conduct medals, National Defense Service medal, Korea De-fense Service medal, Afghanistan Campaign medal with Campaign Star, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary medal, Global War on Terrorism Service medal, and the Combat In-fantry Badge. In 2009, Representative G
REGG HARPER (R– MS) introduced a bill to name the United States Post Office at 7464 Highway 503, Hick-ory, Mississippi in SGT Ingram’s honor. H.R. 4139, the ‘‘Matthew L. Ingram Post Office’’ Designation Act, passed by unanimous con-sent in the House and the Senate and was signed into law by President Barack Obama in 2010. SGT Ingram is survived by his wife, Holly; his daughter, Chloe; his parents, James and Patricia Ingram; and his older brother, Jamie. SGT Ingram’s commitment to protect Amer-ica will always be remembered. CELEBRATING THE ANNUAL SARA-TOGA COUNTY OFFICE FOR THE AGING SENIOR PICNIC HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the Annual Saratoga County Office for the Aging Senior Picnic. Since its inception, the Saratoga County Of-fice for the Aging Senior Picnic has brought our community together to celebrate our sen-ior citizens. The Senior Picnic features food and entertainment for people of all ages, high-lighting the Office’s year-round work for Sara-toga County seniors. As with many of the Of-fice’s programs, the Senior Picnic depends on the dedication and tireless efforts of volunteers from our community On behalf of New York’s 21st Distnct, I want to thank the Saratoga County Office for the Aging for its vital service to our seniors. The Office provides programs and information to help our seniors in key areas like healthcare, employment, and legal services. We are grate-ful to the Office for their continuing commit-ment to our elderly population, and wish them all the best on their Annual Senior Picnic. 
f 
RECOGNIZING U.S. ARMY MASTER SERGEANT JOHN DORVAL MINATRA 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, there are no greater heroes than our veterans and ac-tive military. In worldwide campaigns, they courageously and selflessly serve and protect our nation from foreign and domestic threats. Their efforts have never failed us. Today, I would like to recognize and honor U.S. Army Master Sergeant John Dorval Minatra for his extraordinary heroism and ex-ceptional valor in operations during Indo China, Korea, and Vietnam warfare. In the Re-public of Vietnam, he was cited several times for valor in combat with U.S. and Vietnamese awards—most notably the Purple Heart, Dis-tinguished Service Cross, and three Bronze Stars. For his Ranger spirit in three voluntary tours of duty, three assignments training the Vietnamese Battalion with the Mountain Rang-er Committee, service as Ranger Advisor to the Vietnamese Airborne Battalion, and third voluntary tour with the IV Corps HQ, he re-ceived the Ranger Hall of Fame medallion—a validation of ‘‘Rangers Lead the Way.’’ MSG Minatra’s tactical knowledge, initiative, high standards, and unswerving desire to train and produce the best possible warrior made him an inspirational model for Rangers. His ability to rally and direct soldiers under fire, while wounded, reflects great credit upon him-self, his unit, and the U.S. Army. Leadership is not as it appears, but as it performs. We join his children Barry, Larry and Melissa, nine grandchildren and 11 great- grandchildren in gratitude for his guidance, heroism, and devotion through 20 years of military service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07SE8.003 E07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1175 September 7, 2017 
TRIBUTE: ALPHA DELTA KAPPA INTERNATIONAL HONORARY OR-GANIZATION FOR WOMEN EDU-CATORS 
HON. MO BROOKS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the Alpha Delta Kappa International Honorary Organization for Women Educators on sixty-nine years of dedi-cated service, and proclaim October 2016 as Alpha Delta Kappa Month. Established in 1947, Alpha Delta Kappa’s goals are to insti-tute high standards of education, recognize outstanding educators, build a fraternal fellow-ship among educators and promote edu-cational and charitable projects, enriching the lives of individuals everywhere. With a membership of more than 33,000 educators representing all fifty U.S. states, Puerto Rico, Canada, Mexico, Jamaica, and Australia, Alpha Delta Kappa is committed to educational excellence, personal and profes-sional growth, and collectively channeling their energies toward the good of their schools, communities, the teaching profession, and the world. Women in education constitute a great por-tion of America’s workforce and are constantly striving to serve their communities and Amer-ica in educational, cultural, and charitable pro-grams leading to harmony, happiness, and peace among all people. Since 2014, members of Alpha Delta Kappa have altruistically given to the communities they serve by raising nearly $12 million dollars and volunteering more than two million service hours. Alpha Delta Kappa members biennially award more than a quarter million dollars through eleven scholarship programs and have contributed more than $1 million dollars to St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee. I congratulate Alpha Delta Kappa Inter-national Honorary Organization for Women Educators on their many years of unparalleled success and wish them well as they continue to educate our children. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HENSEL PHELPS CONSTRUCTION COMPANY 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Hensel Phelps Construction Company for receiving the 2017 Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award. This pres-tigious award is given to only a handful of firms out of over 3,000 applicants in order to recognize their support of National Guard and Reserve employees. This is truly a remarkable achievement that speaks to Hensel Phelps’ care for our service members. Hensel Phelps is a thriving, international corporation that was founded in Greeley, Colo-rado in 1937. Over the last 80 years, this com-pany has grown from a local commercial con-struction company to the prosperous inter-national business it is today. They have cre-ated thousands of jobs and have made nota-ble contributions to improve the communities around their operations, as well as their em-ployees’ livelihoods. Hensel Phelps is an excellent example of what enterprising and forward thinking busi-nesses can accomplish in America’s great economy. As a former executive there, I have experienced firsthand what a remarkable com-pany it is. The skills I learned and experiences I had while at Hensel Phelps still help me to this day as I work to represent the people of Colorado’s fourth district. The care given to their staff is exceptional, and they should be commended for their innovative spirit, em-ployee ownership model, and commitment to supporting our troops. Hensel Phelps’ inspiring success confirms that the American Dream is alive and thriving in Colorado and the United States. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Hensel Phelps Construction Company for re-ceiving the 2017 Secretary of Defense Em-ployer Support Freedom Award. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on September 6, 2017, I was unavoidably detained, and ab-sent for Roll Call votes 445 through 456. Had I been present, I would have voted in the fol-lowing manner: No on Roll Call vote 445, on passage of amendment 15; No on Roll Call vote 446, on passage of amendment 17; No on Roll Call vote 447, on passage of amend-ment 25; No on Roll Call vote 448, on pas-sage of amendment 32; No on Roll Call vote 449, on passage of amendment 33; Yes on Roll Call vote 450, on passage of amendment 38; No on Roll Call vote 451, on passage of amendment 39; No on Roll Call vote 452, on passage of amendment 46; No on Roll Call vote 453, on passage of amendment 51; No on Roll Call vote 454, on passage of amend-ment 54; No on Roll Call vote 455, on pas-sage of amendment 56; and No on Roll Call vote 456, on passage of amendment 58. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, on September 5, 2017, I was not present for the recorded votes on roll call no. 439 and 440. Had I been present, I would have voted: On Roll Call vote no. 439, the motion to suspend the rules and pass, the Financial Sta-bility Oversight Council Insurance Continuity Act, I would have voted YEA. On Roll Call vote no. 440, on the motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended, to direct the securities and Exchange Commis-sion to allow certain issuers to be exempt from registration requirements, and for other pur-poses, I would have voted YEA. RECOGNIZING SERGEANT JOHN D. LYNN HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sergeant John D. Lynn of the Sali-nas Police Department for over 25 years of dedication to the residents of the city of Sali-nas. After leaving active duty in the U.S. Army at Fort Ord, John Lynn opted to serve his com-munity by entering an officer training program for law enforcement in 1990. Upon completion, he was assigned as a patrol officer in the city of Salinas, California. In 1993 he became a D.A.R.E instructor, educating the students in Salinas High School and Washington Middle School about the dangers of drug abuse. Over the ensuing years, as a community service re-source office, Officer Lynn coordinated neigh-borhood watch meetings and organized crime prevention presentations. Sergeant Lynn also conducted the Salinas Police Department’s first ever National Night Out event, in which neighbors and police convene for a night of community conversation, casual dining and community festivities. In 2000, Sergeant Lynn became a traffic motorcycle officer, tasked with leading major traffic collision investigations. Over the years, he was promoted to sergeant, served with var-ious capacities in the Salinas Police Depart-ment, including the personnel and training unit, patrol, supervision of the traffic unit, inter-nal affairs, and a role coordinating a DUI en-forcement campaign. In a dramatic episode in November 2015, Sergeant Lynn and two fellow officers suc-cessfully prevented an attempted suicide by hanging of a man. He is a hero and was hon-ored as Monterey County Officer of the Year. For the past six years, Sergeant Lynn has been the S.P.D representative for the Special Olympics of Northern California. Only a few weeks ago, a golden torch passed through Salinas, escorted by several local officers, an event that raised more than $13,000 for the program. It is yet another example of Sergeant John Lynn’s dedication to this community. On behalf of California’s 20th District, I thank him for his many years of service, and I wish him the best of luck in his well-earned retirement. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FALLEN U.S. ARMY MAJOR (MAJ) GREG-ORY JOHN FESTER 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of U.S. Army Major (MAJ) Gregory John Fester who died while defending our great nation on August 30, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. He was killed when an improvised explosive device detonated near his dismounted patrol in Iskandariyah, Iraq. MAJ Fester was assigned to the U.S. Army Civil Affairs and Psycho-logical Operations Command, Fort Bragg, North Carolina, while serving with the 155th 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07SE8.007 E07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1176 September 7, 2017 
Armored Brigade Combat Team from Mis-sissippi. MAJ Fester, a native of Westerville, Ohio, attended Ohio State University. He enlisted in the Army in 1984, where he served as an ad-ministrative specialist in the Ohio National Guard. MAJ Fester received his Army ROTC commission in 1987, when he graduated from Ohio State University. As a second lieutenant, MAJ Fester served on active duty with the 4th Battalion, 27th Field Artillery Regiment. He was promoted to first lieutenant in May 1989, while serving with the 3rd Battalion, 27th Field Artillery Regiment. In 1990, MAJ Fester served with the Battery Charlie, 4th Battalion, 27th Field Artillery (Multiple Launch Rocket System) in Wertheim, Germany. His unit de-ployed to parts of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, and Iraq during the initial ground phase of Oper-ation Desert Storm. MAJ Fester’s service dur-ing Operation Desert Storm earned him a number of awards including the Bronze Star medal. In August 1991, he attended the Officer Ad-vanced Course at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, and was promoted to captain. MAJ Fester’s next assignment was at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, where he took command of the Battery Char-lie, 3rd Battalion, 27th Field Artillery. After MAJ Fester completed his service at Fort Bragg, he was assigned to New Cumberland Army Depot outside of Harrisburg, Pennsyl-vania. In 1996, MAJ Fester departed active duty and became a sales representative for Pfizer Inc. He was reclassified as a member of the Individual Ready Reserve (IRR) At the time, MAJ Fester served as a tactical intelligence officer in the New York Air National Guard’s Engineer Brigade, 42nd Infantry Division. In December 1999, MAJ Fester joined the U.S. Army Civil Affairs and Psychological Oper-ations Command (Airborne), where he was as-signed to the 402nd Civil Affairs Battalion, Tonawanda, New York. He completed the Civil Affairs Officer Advanced Course in 2001, and was promoted to major. In April 2002, a presi-dential executive order called MAJ Fester and other reservists back to service for a tour that was scheduled to last until 2006. After MAJ Fester’s death, his duties in Iraq were described in an online post at arlingtoncemetery.net It was MAJ Fester’s job to talk with mayors of Iraqi communities and Islamic clerics in the dangerous Sunni Tri-angle. MAJ Fester secured contractors to re-build high schools and elementary schools. His wife, Julie, was proud of her husband’s devotion to every project. ‘‘He believed in what he was doing,’’ Mrs. Fester said ‘‘The schools over there were rubble. He felt they were mak-ing a difference.’’ When MAJ Fester’s body was returned to the United States for burial, more than 650 people came to the memorial service. It was held at the Ada Bible Church in Ada, Michi-gan. On the day of the service, flags through-out Michigan were lowered to half staff. Rev-erend Bob King, Ada Bible Church pastor, said MAJ Fester wanted to serve America. ‘‘He was very concerned about his family,’’ Rev. King said. ‘‘But as a soldier, he was ready to step up and do his duty. He truly had the desire to make the world a better place.’’ MAJ Fester was transported to the Arlington National Cemetery where the Army Horseman of the Caisson Platoon carried him to his final resting place. His coffin was draped with an American flag. At the end of the service, a military band played ‘‘America the Beautiful’’ as flags were presented to his family. MAJ Fester’s awards and decorations in-clude two Bronze Star medals, the Purple Heart medal, the Meritorious Service Medal, two Army Commendation medals, the Army Achievement medal, the Army Reserve Com-ponents Achievement medal, the National De-fense Service medal, the Southwest Asia Service medal with three bronze service stars, the Iraq Campaign medal, Army Service Rib-bon, the Overseas Service Ribbon, the Kuwaiti Liberation medal, the Combat Action Badge, the Parachutist Badge and a Valorous Unit Award. MAJ Fester is survived by his wife, Julie, his two daughters, Jenni and Megan; his son, Peyton; and his parents, William Fester and Virginia Piecoro. MAJ Fester will always be remembered for his courage and bravery. He sacrificed his life to protect the freedoms we all enjoy. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF HARRY MESHEL 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life of Harry Meshel who died on September 4, 2017. Mr. Meshel was a native of Youngstown, Ohio and ‘‘known for his re-markable civic, cultural, and educational con-tributions to the community. Well-known for his colorful stories, sharp wit, and keen memory, Meshel had a success-ful political career in the Ohio Democratic Party. Throughout his career, he had the op-portunity to meet iconic political leaders, in-cluding President John F. Kennedy and Presi-dent Lyndon B. Johnson. Meshel’s break came in late 1963 when Youngstown Mayor- elect Anthony B. Flask selected him to be his administrative assistant. Meshel served in that capacity for more than five years. When a seat in the Ohio Senate opened, Meshel won a seven-person Democratic primary in 1970 and then the general election. He spent more than 22 years in the Ohio Senate, and the ma-jority of that time was spent in leadership posi-tions, including president for two years. After resigning from the Senate in 1993, Meshel served as state Democratic party chairman. He later went on to serve a nine-year term as a trustee on the board of Youngstown State University.’’ Harry was one of the original sponsors of legislation to establish the Northeast Ohio Medical University (NEOMED) in Rootstown. Additionally, he was instrumental in the cre-ation of the Ohio University College of Osteo-pathic Medicine and the Wright State Univer-sity School of Professional Psychology. He was a relentless advocate of Youngtown State University as a student, a legislator, and as a Trustee. In addition to all the achievements of this able leader, I remember Harry as a Greek American who valiantly fought our nation’s battle at Leyte Gulf in the Philippines. He was a dedicated supporter of our veterans and a frequent participant at many veterans’ events. Harry was a respected and beloved member of the community who influenced countless lives. He was a dear friend and mentor to me when I was just starting out my career in pub-lic service. His legacy is represented all over the Mahoning Valley and Youngstown State University. He will be deeply missed by our community and by all of those fortunate enough to know him. I extend my deepest condolences to his family and friends. f 
CELEBRATING THE 125TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE CRANDALL PUBLIC LIBRARY 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the 125th Anniversary of the Crandall Public Library in Glens Falls, New York. Since its establishment in November of 1892, the Crandall Public Library has re-mained true to its mission of serving and edu-cating our community. Acting as the central li-brary for the Southern Adirondack Library Sys-tem, the Crandall library holds an extensive and diverse collection of books and materials. The library’s historical collections preserve the rich history of the region, while its Folklife Center Program showcases the cultural tradi-tions of the upper Hudson Valley and southern Adirondacks. By offering thoughtful and en-gaging opportunities for people of all ages, the Library has provided our community with an excellent place to come together and learn. In New York’s 21st District, we are grateful for the Crandall Public Library’s work on pre-serving our history, educating our people, and bringing our community together. I would like to thank the library’s employees for their dedi-cated service, and congratulate them as they celebrate this historic occasion. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FALLEN ARMY NATIONAL GUARD SOL-DIER CAPTAIN (CPT) LOWELL T. MILLER, II 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Michigan Army Na-tional Guard soldier Captain (CPT) Lowell T. Miller, II who died while defending our great nation on August 31, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. CPT Miller and his military training team came under attack by enemy forces using small arms fire in Iskandariyah, Iraq. They were conducting military operations with the Iraqi Army. CPT Miller was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 155th Infantry Regiment, Mississippi Army National Guard, McComb, Mississippi. According to the Associated Press, CPT Mil-ler was a member of Calvary Christian Church in Flint, Michigan. He accepted Jesus Christ as his savior and was baptized at the age of eight. He was active in his church’s youth group, youth choir, and the Bible Quiz Bowl. CPT Miller attended Carman-Ainsworth High School where he lettered in track. He also 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07SE8.011 E07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1177 September 7, 2017 
held the school record in the 4X100 meter for six years. CPT Miller graduated from high school in 1988. In 1993, CPT Miller graduated from Virginia Military Institute where he earned a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering. He was commissioned Second Lieutenant upon graduation and was transferred to the Michigan Army National Guard. In January 2005, CPT Miller volunteered with the 1–155th Infantry Regiment, McComb, Mississippi in order to deploy to Iraq. At the time of his de-ployment, CPT Miller was employed as an electrical engineer for Yazaki North America, Inc. CPT Miller’s father, Lowell Thomas, wrote about his son’s death on a memorial website. ‘‘It was a night mission that they said was too dangerous for American soldiers and they called on the group of Iraqi soldiers he had been training for six weeks,’’ Mr Miller wrote. ‘‘He didn’t want them to go alone, so he went with them. He was a soldier’s soldier. He al-ways took care of his men and never gave a thought for his own safety.’’ CPT Miller was remembered by a fellow sol-dier on a memorial website. ‘‘My brother in arms, you were more than just an officer, more than just a soldier, and more than just a leader,’’ Specialist (SPC) Rickland L. Scholz, II wrote. ‘‘You were a true friend. I will never for-get the missions we had been on together nor the long conversations and sound advice that you have given me. You will never be forgot-ten and I will always remember the time in Egypt that we were able to have long discus-sions. Rest in peace now, my fallen brother.’’ During the funeral service, at the Swartz Fu-neral Home in Flint, Michigan, Eric Leszczynski, CPT Miller’s supervisor at Yazaki North America, Inc., said he was a man who knew how to get his coworkers motivated. ‘‘If you gave him something to do, it would get done,’’ Leszczynski said. In September 2005, family and friends at-tended the burial service at the Arlington Na-tional Cemetery Columbarium Complex in Ar-lington, Virginia. During the service, an honor guard held an American flag over the urn con-taining CPT Miller’s ashes. A folded flag was presented to his wife, Angela. CPT Miller is survived by his wife, Angela; his daughters, Danielle and Alexandra; his sib-lings, Patrick and Jennie; and his parents, Lowell and Linda Miller. CPT Miller’s commitment to protect America earned him the Bronze Star medal, the Purple Heart medal, the National Defense Service medal, and the Armed Forces Expeditionary medal. His sacrifice will not be forgotten. 
f 
HONORING DR. KENNETH K. LEE 
HON. F. JAMES SENSENBRENNER, JR. 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Kenneth K. Lee, a combat- injured Operation Iraqi Freedom and Army vet-eran, who has been named by Disabled Amer-ican Veterans (DAV) as its 2017 Outstanding Disabled Veteran of the Year. Dr. Lee, who deployed as the commander of the Army’s Company B, 118th Area Support Medical Battalion, was injured in November 2004 by a suicide car bomber in Iraq. The ex-plosion resulted in an open head traumatic brain injury and severe shrapnel wounds to his legs, leading to his evacuation back to the states, where he would later be diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder. While recovering from his injuries, Dr. Lee, a rehabilitation specialist, saw how long and difficult recovery could be, often leaving lasting changes. Dr. Lee, who resides in Brookfield, Wisconsin, is a volunteer physician at the Na-tional Disabled Veterans Winter Sports Clinic, which the Department of Veterans Affairs and DAV co-host, so he was no stranger to using adaptive sports as therapy. Through his own recovery, Dr. Lee propelled himself into the world of adaptive sports to help him deal with the psychological and physiological effects that can often times cause an individual to hit bottom. Within a year of Dr. Lee’s retirement in 2013, he formed the Milwaukee Wheelchair Lacrosse team and is now the president of the Wisconsin Adaptive Sports Association, which runs numerous adaptive sports programs. On July 29, 2017, DAV National Com-mander David W. Riley presented Dr. Lee with the Outstanding Disabled Veteran of the Year award at the organization’s 96th National Con-vention. In his statement, Riley praised Dr. Lee as a shining example of everything that is good about our nation and its veterans. He noted that the compassion Dr. Lee shows for other veterans and his work to help them find suc-cess is truly the hallmark of the award, and DAV is very proud of what he’s doing for this community. Given the importance and thera-peutic effectiveness of adaptive sports, it is vital to have experienced leaders like Dr. Lee involved and carving out a path forward. Despite his injuries and the constant pain in his lower extremities, Dr. Lee speaks with gratitude about his time in the Army. He will tell you that he got a lot more from the Guard than he put into it, and that he joined the mili-tary with his eyes wide open and has no re-grets. Dr. Lee and his wife Kate currently live in Brookfield with their two children. In 2014, his daughter Leah earned a $10,000 scholarship by volunteering for the DAV at the Milwaukee VA Medical Center. On the same day that Dr. Lee was honored as DAV’s Outstanding Dis-abled Veteran of the Year, his son Jonathan earned the charity’s largest scholarship of $20,000, and was honored the same morning. They both hope ultimately to serve veterans as physicians through the VA. f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE AND SACRIFICE MADE BY MARINE CORPORAL DAVID SONKA 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the service and sacrifice made by Ma-rine Corporal David Sonka. Corporal David Sonka was a devoted son, husband, and Marine. He grew up in Parker, Colorado and knew at a young age he wanted to serve his country. Corporal Sonka enlisted in the United States Marine Corps immediately following his high school graduation in 2008. He completed Military Police school, K9 School, and in 2012 was selected to become a dog handler for the Marine Special Oper-ations Command (MARSOC) at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina where he was paired with his faithful canine companion, Flex. On March 31, 2013, Corporal Sonka and Flex were deployed with Marine Special Oper-ations Team 8223 to Farah Province, Afghani-stan. While on watch during a meeting be-tween Afghan military personnel and Marine Special Operations Forces on May 4, 2013, an Afghan soldier opened fire and fatally injured both Corporal Sonka and Flex. Corporal Sonka has since been recognized for his brav-ery and sacrifice. He received a Combat Ac-tion Ribbon, the Marine Corps Good Conduct Medal, the Marine Corps Achievement Medal, and the Purple Heart. Additionally, the town of Parker, Colorado named their dog park after Corporal Sonka as did the MARSOC K9 Train-ing Facility in Camp Lejeune. Our nation owes no greater debt of gratitude than the one we owe our veterans. It is the heroic bravery and incredible sacrifices made by individuals like Corporal Sonka that have helped secure the freedoms that we as Ameri-cans hold dear. On behalf of the 4th Congres-sional District of Colorado, I extend my deep-est gratitude to Corporal Sonka for his service and sacrifice for our nation. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Ma-rine Corporal David Sonka for his sacrifice in defending the United States of America. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN SOLDIER ARMY SPECIALIST (SPC) BRIAN KEITH DERKS 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Specialist (SPC) Brian Keith Derks who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our great nation on August 13, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Free-dom. SPC Derks was killed when an impro-vised explosive device detonated while he was on mounted patrol in Baghdad. SPC Derks was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 11th Ar-mored Cavalry Regiment, Fort Irwin, Cali-fornia, which was attached to the 155th Ar-mored Brigade Combat Team from Mis-sissippi. SPC Derks, a White Cloud, Michigan native, graduated from White Cloud High School in 2003. According to the Associated Press, SPC Derks was the captain of the Quiz Bowl Team and was credited for bringing the team to a national competition. Tony McHattie, one of SPC Derks’ high school teachers, said he had an astute mind. ‘‘Consistently, Brian would buzz in before a question was even half done,’’ McHattie said. ‘‘He just had vast knowl-edge in all sorts of areas.’’ According to the memorial website FindAGrave.com, SPC Derks played football and baseball in high school. SPC Derks was an active member of the White Cloud Boy Scouts Troop #1137. He became an Eagle Scout and briefly served as an assistant scoutmaster. SPC Derks enjoyed hunting, fish-ing, computers, and spending time with his family. SPC Derks’ sense of humor always kept people laughing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07SE8.014 E07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1178 September 7, 2017 
SPC Derks was determined to join the Army, so in order to meet the weight require-ments, he worked to lose 100 pounds. Captain (CPT) Jarrod P. Wickline, an Army recruiter, said SPC Derks accomplished his goal. ‘‘He took that as a personal challenge,’’ CPT Wickline said. ‘‘He lost the weight in three months. There is no doubt to me that by sheer willpower alone, he would be anything he wanted to be.’’ The memorial service was held at First Christian Reformed Church in Fremont, Michi-gan. SPC Derks was laid to rest at White Cloud Cemetery. SPC Derks was awarded the Purple Heart, the Good Conduct medal, the National De-fense Service medal, the Global War on Ter-rorism Expeditionary medal, the Global War on Terrorism medal, the Army Service Ribbon, and the Combat Infantryman’s Badge. SPC Derks is survived by his parents, Keith and Peggy Derks; sister, Sally Derks; maternal grandparents, Emery and Ester Wilson; pater-nal grandparents, Vernon and Evelyn Derks; and fiance´e, Nikki Crans. SPC Derks’ sacrifice to protect the freedoms we all enjoy will not be forgotten. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, on September 6, 2017, I was not present for the recorded votes on roll call no 442, 443, and 444. Had I been present, I would have voted: On Roll Call vote no. 442, H. Res. 500, on ordering the previous question, Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the Dept. of the Interior; pro-viding for consideration of motions to suspend the rules; and waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, I would have voted NAY. On Roll Call vote no. 443, on agreeing to the resolution, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the Dept of the Interior; providing for consider-ation of motions to suspend the rules; and waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions reported from the Committee on Rules, I would have voted NAY. On Roll Call vote no. 444, on approving the Journal, I would have voted YEA. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RAIL SAFETY MONTH AND RAIL SAFETY WEEK 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize September as Rail Safety Month and September 24–30, 2017 as Rail Safety week, and to commend the efforts being made across our country to improve railroad cross-ing safety. An accident involving a train occurs every 3 hours in the United States and California ranks No. 1 in the nation in both trespassing and grade crossing deaths. Last year in Cali-fornia there were a total of 148 highway grade-crossing incidents, including 98 tres-passer fatalities and 32 highway-rail crossing fatalities, all of which could have been avoided if both trespassers and drivers were taking the necessary safety precautions. There are more than 10,000 highway rail-grade crossings lo-cated within 52 counties and more than 400 cities in California to service the BNSF Rail-way, Union Pacific Railroad, other freight trains, and Amtrak passenger trains running through California. September is historically back to school month for most children and college students. Many must cross railroad tracks to attend school and it is important to reinforce rail safe-ty with both children and their caretakers. Cali-fornia Operation Lifesaver, the Federal Rail Administration, the California Department of Transportation, the California Public Utilities Commission and freight and passenger rail-roads are working together to improve railroad safety and educate children and adults about the dangers of not obeying the signs and sig-nals around railroad property. The ‘‘See Tracks? Think Train’’ campaign by Operation Lifesaver and its federal partners aims to help reduce pedestrian and driver injuries and fatahties around railroad tracks by highlighting behaviors that put people at risk, and by con-ducting on-the-ground law enforcement trainings, safety presentations, and public awareness activities. Railroad operators, motor vehicle operators, and pedestrians will benefit from a combined effort by local, state, Federal, industry, and citizen efforts to pro-mote safety around railroad tracks and cross-ings. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize September as Rail Safety Month and Sep-tember 24–30, 2017 as Rail Safety week. I ask all my colleagues to join me in com-mending efforts being made to improve rail-road crossing safety. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY MASTER SERGEANT (MSG) COATER BERNARD D
EBOSE 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen Mississippi soldier Army Master Sergeant (MSG) Coater Bernard DeBose. MSG DeBose gave his life while in service to our great nation on August 19, 2008, during Operation Enduring Freedom. MSG DeBose died in Spin Boldak, Afghani-stan, of wounds he received from small arms fire while conducting security force assistance operations. MSG DeBose was assigned to 2nd Battalion, 351st Infantry Regiment, 158th Infantry Brigade, First Army Division East, Camp Shelby, Mississippi. MSG DeBose was awarded the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart medals. According to the Associated Press, MSG DeBose, a State Line, Mississippi native, joined the Alabama National Guard in May 1983. He transferred to the Army Reserves in 2008. He was deployed in April 2004 to Af-ghanistan, where he served as a communica-tions specialist. It was his job to train Afghan police in the Kandahar region. There have been many memorials posted in MSG DeBose’s honor on Legacy.com, includ-ing one that appeared on September 1, 2012 from Master Sergeant (MSG) Maranda McCorvey. ‘‘As I sign this guest book, no words can explain the loss of a true soldier,’’ MSG McCorvey said. ‘‘He was a leader, men-tor, motivator, and trainer to many lives in and out of the uniform.’’ Rebecca Lewis of Moss Point wrote, ‘‘May God continue to watch over you and your fam-ily at this time,’’ Mrs. Lewis said. ‘‘Deacon DeBose will certainly be missed by all of us in-cluding his Greater First Baptist Church in Escatawpa, Mississippi, under the leadership of Richard Young. Deacon DeBose was a great man and touched many hearts.’’ Christopher DeBose, MSG DeBose’s son, wrote about the pain of losing his father in an August 30, 2012. ‘‘I pray that there is a mili-tary up in heaven,’’ Christopher said. ‘‘I know Master Sergeant DeBose would be in charge of something. No matter what it is, I’m sure God will trust you with any task because he knows you will get it done.’’ Caronica DeBose-Jackson, MSG DeBose’s daughter, paid tribute to her father in a Sep-tember 6, 2012 post. ‘‘I hear your voice telling me to keep moving and live life to the fullest,’’ Caronica said. ‘‘I will go on because that’s what you would want. I will honor your life and legacy forever.’’ MSG DeBose is survived by his wife, Jua-nita, his three sons, Latravis DeBose, Chris-topher DeBose, and Broderick DeBose; and two daughters, Caronica DeBose-Jackson, and Nekeshia Raybon. MSG DeBose demonstrated the qualities of an American hero. His 27 years of military service will always be remembered. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JUDGE JOHN L. APOSTOLOU 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I along with my colleague, Representative M
ORGAN GRIF-
FINrise to honor the life of Judge John L. Apostolou, a native of Salem, Virginia Born on August, 16, 1930, Judge Apostolou passed away on Monday, August 21, 2017, at the age of 87. Judge Apostolou was a widely respected member of the local legal community and well- known in the Roanoke Valley as a ‘‘law-and- order judge.’’ He was loved by the bar be-cause he was a lawyer’s judge, one who would help a young lawyer learn the craft of practicing in the courtroom, and was always fair to everyone who came before him, wheth-er they were represented by a lawyer or not. Following his graduation from the College of William and Mary and the Marshall-Wythe School of Law, he worked in a private law practice and later worked as an assistant com-monwealth’s attorney in Roanoke. He also served as acting judge of the Juvenile and Do-mestic Relations Court on two occasions dur-ing the 1960s. In 1985, he began full-time service as a General District Court judge in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07SE8.017 E07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1179 September 7, 2017 
the 23rd Judicial District, which includes Roa-noke, Roanoke County, and Salem. He served on the bench for more than a decade before retiring in 1996. Like many that he met over the years, we will remember Judge Apostolou as a fine man and a very fair judge. We thank him for his service to our country in the United States Army and to the Roanoke community in the courtroom. We offer our condolences to his wife of 43 years, Brenda, as well as their chil-dren, Cynthia, Laura, and Jay, and four grand-children. Our prayers are with the Apostolou family as they mourn this loss. May God give them comfort and peace. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF CIVIL-IAN CONTRACTOR CARL T. CAR-ROLL 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen civilian con-tractor Carl T. Carroll who gave his life while in service to our great nation on August 20, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. Mr. Carroll died from injuries he suffered during a roadside attack in Iraq. Mr. Carroll was in Iraq for six months working for the Titan Corpora-tion, where he was the Kalsu Site Manager with the linguist operation. Through his obit-uary, Mr. Carroll, a U.S. Army Veteran, was remembered by his colleagues at Titan as a man of conviction, character, and integrity. Mr. Carroll retired in 2000 from Fort Indiantown Gap, Pennsylvania as a helicopter pilot instructor, earning the rank of Chief War-rant Officer 4. He worked as a helicopter pilot for Geisinger Medical Center, Danville until he joined the Titan Corporation. Mr. Carroll was a member of the Williamstown United Methodist Church, life member of the American Legion, and a life member of the National Rifle Association (NRA). He also served as a volunteer with the Williamstown Ambulance Association in Williamstown, Pennsylvania. The Dimon Funeral Home’s online condo-lences page included a comment from a former coworker. ‘‘I was impressed with Carl as a true gentleman the very first time we met,’’ Robert Humphries wrote. ‘‘Even for those of us who knew Carl for only a short time, his passing leaves us all at a loss.’’ Mr. Carroll was also remembered in a post written by a fellow veteran. ‘‘I knew Carl for a short time as we served together at the Eastern Army National Guard Training site,’’ retired Master Sergeant (MSG) Robert Humphries wrote. ‘‘I knew him to be a man of strong moral conviction and dedication to not only duty, but to his fellow man.’’ Mr. Carroll was buried with full military hon-ors at Williamstown Methodist Cemetery in Williamstown, Pennsylvania. Mr. Carroll is survived by his wife, Karen L. Hay Carroll; his daughter, Brandy M. Carroll- Duncannon; his two sons, Jason Carroll, and Justin R. Welker; and his brothers, David Car-roll and Brian Carroll. Mr. Carroll’s service to our country will al-ways be remembered. IN HONOR OF TOM WAGNER, SU-PERVISOR OF THE WHITE MOUN-TAIN NATIONAL FOREST HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Tom Wagner as he retires after 15 years supervising the White Mountain National Forest and nearly four dec-ades with the United States Forest Service. We are grateful for his dedication to protecting one of New Hampshire’s most prized assets: the White Mountains. Through his excellent stewardship of over three-quarters of a million acres that comprise the forest, he has ensured that all will continue to be able to enjoy this national treasure. In so doing, he also im-proved the lives of thousands in the Granite State who rely on the White Mountains for both their livelihoods and recreation. I want to applaud Tom for his leadership and advocacy. Dunng his tenure, Tom oversaw the acquisition of 15,000 acres to the White Mountain National Forest and brought numerous stakeholders together to update the long-term strategic plan for the forest. He has been an invaluable resource, and his contin-uous commitment to New Hampshire’s iconic and precious environment is truly inspiring. On behalf of my constituents in New Hamp-shire’s Second Congressional District, I thank Tom for his many years of dedicated service to the Granite State. His achievements will continue to benefit our state and its incredible natural landscape. I am honored to recognize and congratulate Tom on his retirement and wish him the best of luck in the years ahead. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SPECIALIST (SPC) JOSHUA ISAAC BUNCH 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen Mississippi soldier Army Specialist (SPC) Joshua Isaac Bunch who gave his life while in service to our great nation on August 6, 2004, during Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom. SPC Bunch was killed when Iraqi insurgents firing small arms and rocket-propelled grenades ambushed the Humvee he was riding in near Baghdad. SPC Bunch was assigned to the 91st Engineer Bat-talion, 1st Cavalry Division, Fort Hood, Texas. SPC Bunch, the son of Bill and Karen Bunch, grew up in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. He graduated from North Forrest High School in 1999. He decided to join the U.S. Army in 2001. He was deployed to Iraq in 2004. Mrs. Bunch said her son wanted to serve in the Army because he wanted to do his part. ‘‘I’m very proud,’’ Mrs Bunch said. ‘‘I’m proud he did what was in his heart to do.’’ Mr. Bunch said his son was a genuine person who was known for his kindness. ‘‘He had a good per-sonality,’’ Mr. Bunch said. ‘‘He would do any-thing for you.’’ At the time of SPC Bunch’s death, Johnny Dupree was the mayor of Hattiesburg. Accord-ing to the Associated Press, when he learned of the soldier’s death, he ordered flags low-ered to half staff at city buildings. Mayor Dupree also called for a day of mourning. James Moore, a Hattiesburg businessman, asked the community to pay their respects by lining the streets from Moore Funeral Home to Highland Cemetery, the final resting place for SPC Bunch. SPC Bunch’s family was presented with his awards which include the Purple Heart and the Bronze Star. Members of the American Legion Post No. 24 presented the family with a Gold Star Banner which signifies the death of a family member who is killed in action. SPC Bunch is survived by his parents, Bill and Karen Bunch; his sister, Michelle Cardin; his brother-in-law, Bobby; his nieces, Bella and Jacey Bain; and his nephew, Joey Lee. SPC Bunch paid the ultimate sacrifice to protect the freedoms we all enjoy. f 
LOCAL POLICE HEROES 
HON. MICHAEL F. DOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to praise the heroism of six local law enforcement officers, who self-lessly risked life and limb to protect their fellow citizens. On Monday, June 22, 2015, a number of Pittsburgh police officers were dispatched on a call for shots fired shortly after 10 a.m. near the intersection of Knox Avenue and Orchard Place in the City of Pittsburgh’s Knoxville neighborhood. As the units were responding, calls came in reporting that this was an ‘‘active shooter’’ in-cident and the suspect was firing an AR–15- style semi-automatic rifle. The suspect moved around the neighborhood, shooting a male taxi driver on Rentz Way, firing shots at vehicles and into occupied homes near a children’s day care facility, and carjacking a white Buick from Rochelle Street. As the reports continued to come in, all available units responded to the area in search of the suspect, with reports that the suspect had driven towards Brownsville Road. Sergeant Kevin Faulds of the Allegheny County Sheriffs Office responded to the call for all available units. Turning onto Brownsville Road from Knox Avenue, he spotted the Buick on Brownsville Road and did a u-turn to pur-sue. As he made the u-turn, the suspect stopped his vehicle and fired his assault rifle from within the car, striking Sergeant Faulds’ vehicle multiple times. Sergeant Faulds took cover and radioed in his situation. When the suspect began driving again, Sergeant Faulds again followed him. The suspect again stopped his vehicle and started shooting. One round went through the top of the windshield on the passenger side of the cruiser. The car’s visor and windshield frame deflected the bullet down and towards Sergeant Faulds, ripping through the headrest of his seat inches from his head and shattering the back window. Ser-geant Faulds maneuvered his patrol car be-hind a bus for protection. When the suspect stopped shooting and drove away, Sergeant Faulds pulled out and followed the suspect at a distance of 50 to 100 feet, all the while con-tinuing to call in information on the suspect’s location and his own. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07SE8.021 E07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1180 September 7, 2017 
Officer Joseph DelSole of the Port Authority Police Department heard radio calls regarding an active shooter in a stolen vehicle in the Knoxville Area. Based on Sergeant Faulds’ re-port on his location, Officer DelSole, working the South Zone of the Port Authority service area, proceeded from the South Busway and took up a firing position on Route 51. At the same time, City of Pittsburgh Police Sergeant James Vogel stopped traffic on Route 51, trapping the suspect in the traffic jam. Then, Sergeant Vogel made his way on foot through the stopped vehicles and con-fronted the suspect, who was still sitting in the stolen car. The suspect fired at him using the semi-automatic rifle. City of Pittsburgh Detectives William Friburger and David Honick, along with City of Pittsburgh Sergeant Anthony Palermo ap-proached the suspect’s vehicle on foot. Officer DelSole, Sergeant Vogel, Detectives Friburger and Honick, and Sergeant Palermo fired at the vehicle in order to neutralize the suspect, who was firing at them. The officers and suspect continued to exchange shots from close range until the suspect was hit and succumbed to his injuries. Mr. Speaker, I think we can all appreciate the courage and dedication it takes to con-sciously place oneself in danger by entering a hostile gunman’s field of fire. Not one, not two, but six law enforcement officers in our county did so that day, and continued to risk their lives until the gunman posed no further threat to the community. I can’t begin to express my deep respect and admiration for these brave law enforcement officers or my gratitude to them for their exemplary actions that day. I also want to point out that they, like all of our first responders, go to work each day not knowing what challenges they will face or what risks they will run. The fact that they get up and go to work every day despite the risks inherent in the job speaks volumes about the depth of the commitment they have to pro-tecting their community. They are outstanding public servants, and they deserve recognition here in our Nation’s Capital. I’m very proud of Sergeant Faulds, Officer DelSole, Sergeant Vogel, Detective Friburger, Detective Honick, and Sergeant Palermo, and I want my colleagues and the Nation to take comfort in the knowledge that real heroes still live among us. I hope their actions that day will be an inspiration to all of us to always do what’s right, no matter what the cost. 
f 
HONORING LT. T. JAMES CROTTY, USCG 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr Speaker, today I rise to honor the life and heroism of Lt. Thomas J. Crotty of the United States Coast Guard. A decorated veteran of the Second World War, Lt. Crotty will finally be laid to rest in the hallowed grounds of Arlington National Cemetery, 75 years after going missing in ac-tion in the Pacific Theater. Lt. Crotty was born in Buffalo, New York in the year 1912, and grew up on the city’s South Side. The youngest of seven siblings, Crotty stood out as a natural athlete and lead-er. In 1929, he coached his American Legion baseball team to a national championship. After graduating high school, Crotty applied to the United States Coast Guard Academy. A standout cadet, Crotty excelled at basketball, football, and served as class president during his tenure. In 2014, the United States Coast Guard Academy honored Lt. Crotty’s legacy by dedicating their football season to his mem-ory. Upon graduation in 1934, Lt. Crotty went into active duty with the United States Coast Guard, quickly demonstrating his leadership capabilities and skills. He became the Coast Guard’s leading expert on demolition, explo-sives, and mines. In 1941, his unique skillset earned him orders to report to the Philippines to assist with defensive efforts, a decision that would put Lt. Crotty on a crash course with history. On December 10th, Japanese forces overran the Philippines just days after their surprise attack on Pearl Harbor. Under brutal assault from air and land, Lt. Crotty helped as-semble a resistance with his fellow service-men. Together, they launched daring raids in broad daylight against Japanese forces in order to secure supplies, ammunition, and fuel. His rag-tag band of heroes was instru-mental in the defense of Manilla, Corregidor, and American supply lines. At the Battle of Bataan, Lt. Crotty served with distinction. Manning the artillery against oncoming forces, he fought until American forces were eventually surrounded on April 9th, 1942. From there, Lt. Crotty was made a prisoner of war in the infamous Cambatuan prison camp. It was there, after so many months of sacrifice, that he tragically fell ill to disease. On July 19, 1942, his brothers-in- arms administered last rites. He was then bur-ied outside the camp; it was there in an un-marked grave that his remains laid for three- quarters of a century. In coordination with the United States Coast Guard, we were able to locate Lt. Crotty and bring him back home to the United States. Lt. Crotty exemplified the qualities and virtues of heroism and service. His service need not be forgotten. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to honor Lt. Thom-as J. Crotty and help bring his family some amount of closure. I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring and remembering the countless American men and women who an-swered the call to duty. We must do whatever we can to support families who have loved ones missing in action by assisting in efforts to bring our heroes home. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SERGEANT FIRST CLASS (SFC) GEORGE STANCIEL 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Sergeant First Class (SFC) George Stanciel who paid the ul-timate sacrifice while defending our great na-tion on August 19, 2008, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. SFC Stanciel died of wounds he suffered during a mortar attack at Forward Operating Base Garry Owen, Iraq. SFC Stanciel was assigned to the 370th Engineer Company, 54th Engineer Battalion, 18th Engi-neer Brigade, Bamberg, Germany. SFC Stanciel graduated from Greenwood High School in 1989. Following graduation, SFC Stanciel joined the U.S Army. He served 19 years. He was awarded the Silver Star, the Purple Heart, and the Mississippi Medal of Honor. Family members shared memories of SFC Stanciel on a memorial website called FindAGrave.com. They said he was an ideal protector, provider, and an inspiration to the entire household. In 2009, the Mississippi State Senate passed S.R. 529, a concurrent resolution, which commends SFC Stanciel for his service. It stated that SFC Stanciel was a loving son and husband who is counted among Amer-ica’s heroes committed to our nation’s safety and security. According to the Associated Press, SFC Stanciel’s memorial service was held at Locust Grove Baptist Church in Greenwood, Mis-sissippi. During the service, Brigadier General (BG) James O. Barclay, III presented an American flag to SFC Stanciel’s widow, Shequita Stanciel. SFC Stanciel was buried with full military honors at the Hudson Park Cemetery. SFC Stanciel is survived by his wife, Shequita, his maternal grandmother, Annie B Smith, and five children, Giovanni Stanciel, Kortney Stanciel, Kiana Stanciel, Mehn Stanciel, and Jamera Stanciel. SFC Stanciel’s service and sacrifice will al-ways be remembered. f 
DR. ANDREW TUTTLE 
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to mourn the loss and celebrate the life of my dear friend and colleague, Dr Andrew C. Tuttle. I met Andy upon my arrival at UNLV where he served as member and chair of the Political Science Department from 1968 until his retire-ment in 2008. Dr. Tuttle was a beloved teach-er, a respected scholar, and a valued col-league. He was a specialist in national secu-rity policy and was often sought out by policy makers and the press alike for his analysis of world events. He had a great Irish sense of humor and was a loyal and loving family man, who put his wife Helen and sons Mark and Matt above all else. I will miss his wise coun-sel and that twinkle in his eye. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FALLEN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SPECIALIST (SPC) PATRICIA LEE HORNE 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Specialist (SPC) Patricia Lee Horne who died while de-fending our great nation on August 24, 2012, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07SE8.025 E07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1181 September 7, 2017 
during Operation Enduring Freedom. SPC Horne died in Bagram, Afghanistan. SPC Horne was assigned to the 96th Aviation Sup-port Battalion, 101st Combat Aviation Brigade, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Kentucky. According to the Associated Press, SPC Horne always made good grades in school. She ranked third in the Greenville High School graduating class of 2010. Percy Powell, one of SPC Horne’s teachers, said she was an im-peccable student throughout high school. ‘‘Ev-erything she wanted to do, she wanted to do it perfect.’’ SPC Horne enlisted in the U.S. Army in 2009. She was stationed at Fort Campbell, Kentucky prior to her deploying. SPC Horne served as a human resource specialist. It was her job to make sure soldiers’ records were accurately maintained and updated. SPC Horne planned to attend college after com-pleting her second tour of duty with hopes of becoming a physician. Betty Horne, SPC Horne’s mother, said her daughter was intelligent and driven. ‘‘She was a very smart, knowledgeable lady,’’ Mrs. Horne said. ‘‘I am so proud of her.’’ Sydney Horne, one of her brothers, said SPC Horne was the big sister every brother should have. ‘‘She was an outgoing person,’’ Sydney Horne said. ‘‘She loved children. She loved me a lot.’’ Carolyn McAdams, mayor of Greenwood, expressed remorse over the loss of the 20- year-old soldier. ‘‘You know the war is going on, but until something like this happens, it hits home dramatically,’’ Mayor McAdams said. When SPC Horne’s body arrived at the Greenwood-Leflore Airport, more than 200 people came to pay their respects. SPC Horne’s flag-draped casket was met by an Army Honor Guard. Terry Fields, a U.S. Army veteran from Greenwood, came to support a fallen comrade. ‘‘It’s an honor to honor some-body that gave the ultimate sacrifice so that we can enjoy the freedoms that we have today,’’ Mr Fields said. Members of the Patriot Guard led the procession from the airport to the Century Funeral Home. The funeral service for SPC Horne was held at the Providence Missionary Baptist Church in Greenwood. Reverend Robert Williams Jr, pastor of the Community Baptist Church, said SPC Horne had a higher calling than serving our country. ‘‘Patricia has fulfilled her purpose. Now, she’s gone home,’’ Rev. Williams said. ‘‘Her purpose was to be a good soldier in the Lord’s army.’’ Brigadier General (BG) William B. Hickman, the division’s deputy commander, praised SPC Horne’s commitment to the Army. He said SPC Horne was an exemplary soldier who embraced the Army’s values of duty, respect, selfless service, honor, integrity, and courage. SPC Horne received the Army Commendation medal, the Army Good Con-duct medal, and the NATO International Secu-rity Assistance Force medal. SPC Horne was buried with full military hon-ors at Hudson Park Cemetery in Greenwood. SPC Horne is survived by her mother, Betty L. Horne, her three sisters, Aleisha Horne, Chaileta B. Horne, and Angelique Willis; and her two brothers, Ronald A. Horne and Syd-ney J. Horne. SPC Horne’s commitment to protect our na-tion will not be forgotten. IN RECOGNITION OF THE INVES-TITURE OF JUDGE MARIAM SAAD BAZZI 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mariam Saad Bazzi on her investiture as Judge of the Third Circuit Court of Wayne County. Judge Bazzi has served Wayne County and southeast Michigan with distinc-tion and honor throughout her involvement in community organizations and previous judici-ary service. After graduating from Wayne State Univer-sity Law School in 2005, Judge Bazzi began her legal career as a law clerk at the Law Of-fices of Hamood, Runco & Fergestrom. A year later, she was hired at the Wayne County Prosecutor’s Office, where she most recently served as the lead attorney on the Deed and Mortgage Fraud Task Force. During her 11 year tenure at the Prosecutor’s Office, Judge Bazzi also oversaw a unit that prosecutes fi-nancial crime, with a focus on complex mort-gage and property related fraud, and earned respect for her commitment to the law and to the southeastern Michigan community. Her work as an assistant prosecuting attorney brought her years of experience in complex and diverse parts of the law as well as a re-spect and deep understanding of the role of the judiciary. Judge Bazzi has also distinguished herself through her outstanding record of community service. She served as president of the Dear-born Board of Education and chair of Henry Ford College’s Board of Trustees until Gov-ernor Snyder appointed her as Wayne County Circuit judge, where her leadership was inte-gral to the district’s high graduation rates and top national ranking. Additionally, Judge Bazzi is a member of the Michigan Middle Eastern Affairs Commission, the Governor’s Environ-mental Justice Task Force, and the Arab American Political Action Committee. Judge Bazzi has been an impactful leader and in-volved citizen, and it is my hope that she con-tinues to build on her success and involve-ment in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Judge Mariam Bazzi for her ap-pointment to Wayne County’s Third Circuit Court. Her commitment to the rule of law and exemplary service to Wayne County will surely continue in her new role. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI ARMY NA-TIONAL GUARD SOLDIER FIRST LIEUTENANT (1LT) MATTHEW RYAN STOVALL 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Mississippi Army Na-tional Guard soldier First Lieutenant (1LT) Matthew Ryan Stovall who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our great nation on August 22, 2004, during Operation Iraqi Free-dom. According to the Associated Press, 1LT Stovall was killed when an improvised explo-sive device detonated near the vehicle he was riding in. At the time of his death, 1LT Stovall was taking part in a humanitarian aid and con-voy mission in Mosul, Iraq. 1LT Stovall was assigned to the 367th Maintenance Company, 298th Corps Support Battalion, Mississippi Army National Guard, Philadelphia, Mis-sissippi. 1LT Stovall joined the Mississippi Army Na-tional Guard prior to his 1997 graduation from Neshoba Central High School. He completed Officer Candidate School in 2001 and later completed the Officer Basic Course in Fort Eustis, Virginia in 2002. That same year, 1LT Stovall married his wife, Natalie. Together they had one son, Walker Stovall. In September 2003, 1LT Stovall deployed to Mosul, Iraq. While in Mosul, he was chosen to lead the 1st Platoon of the 401st Transpor-tation Company, known as the ‘‘A Team.’’ Dur-ing his deployment, 1LT Stovall stayed in con-tact with his cousin, Robin McClellan, a teach-er at Philadelphia Elementary School. He reg-ularly communicated through e-mails with the students in her fifth grade class. The students would get excited every time his e-mails were read aloud to them. Two months before 1LT Stovall was to re-turn home from Iraq, he was fatally wounded. According to the Associated Press, approxi-mately 500 people attended the memorial service held at McClain-Hayes Funeral Home. Mississippi National Guard Major General (MG) Harold Cross presented 1LT Stovall’s family with awards including the Purple Heart and the Mississippi Magnolia Cross for Meri-torious Service. ‘‘He made people want to fol-low him,’’ MG Cross said ‘‘He is the kind of person that doesn’t come along for genera-tions.’’ Hundreds of Neshoba County residents lined the nine mile route from the funeral home to the Coldwater Baptist Church ceme-tery where he was laid to rest. He was buried with full military honors. In August 2004, 1LT Stovall’s aunt, JoAnn Carney, wrote about her nephew in a post on Iraqwarheroes.com. ‘‘I loved him so very much,’’ Mrs. Carney said. ‘‘My nephew was a remarkable man that touched everyone he met. We are going to miss him so very much.’’ Following the death of 1LT Stovall, Stovall’s Sacrifice for Soldiers was founded. The Stovall Foundation offers financial assistance to mili-tary men and women defending our nation and to carry on the memory of 1LT Stovall. 1LT Stovall is survived by his son, Walker; his parents, Buck and Ellon Stovall; his sister, Marsha Stovall Vance; and his brother, Mark Stovall. This young, courageous soldier paid the ulti-mate sacrifice to protect the freedoms we all enjoy. 1LT Stovall will not be forgotten. f 
SUPPORT FOR THE URBAN AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION ACT 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, today I intro-duce the Urban Agriculture Production Act of 2017. Across America, too many of our urban neighborhoods are absent of stores where 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07SE8.029 E07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1182 September 7, 2017 
community members can purchase fresh, healthy foods. There are more than 23 million individuals residing in these so called ‘‘food desert’’ neighborhoods, where there are no stores within one mile in which they can buy healthy food. Without healthy options, people are forced to eat unhealthy, processed, junk food, be-cause that is all that is available and afford-able. This bill is a step to correct this unac-ceptable trend. I am pleased to recognize and support the growing resurgence of locally grown and pro-duced product. I see it in my own district at places like the Toledo Farmers Market, the Robert J. Anderson Urban Agriculture Center and Farm, and the Old Brooklyn Cheese Com-pany in Cleveland, Ohio. Individuals, non-profits, and co-ops are step-ping up and taking action to address the chal-lenge of access to healthy food, by developing local food sources like community gardens to provide fresh, affordable produce throughout underserved communities. Not only are they growing product to provide to communities though, they are engaging and encouraging community participation all throughout the process. They are teaching community mem-bers how to farm. The Urban Agriculture Production Act en-courages economic development in under-nourished, underserved communities by fur-thering the mission of local farming. It shore ups the Department of Agriculture and their programs to support urban farmers and inspire communities to create self-sufficient food pro-duction systems that stimulate development and healthy eating options. All throughout our urban communities, there is an abundance of unused land and space that are conveniently located in neighborhoods that are ripe for agriculture development. We must support and encourage the means to de-velop these plots so they become local sources of wholesome food options. Community gardens, Greenhouses, Farm-ers’ Markets, and other local agriculture initia-tives have tremendous power to help diversify American food production. They can also help the nation rely less on foreign imports and cre-ate American jobs that cannot be outsourced. Moreover, communities that lack access to fresh, nutritious affordable foods are facing growing epidemics of obesity related diseases. We must get serious about addressing nation-ally recognized increases in preventable dis-ease in all our communities, but especially in those communities that have limited food op-tions. Prevention is paramount, and encour-aging a balanced diet while also providing ac-cess to healthier foods, through agriculture, is an obvious solution. The Urban Agriculture Production Act of 2017, therefore, sets out to spur the develop-ment and expansion of community agriculture in typically non-traditional agricultural produc-tion areas, like our cities and towns who face food insecurity, access, and nutrition chal-lenges. Mr. Speaker, urban farming, and food pro-duction should be part of our solution to sup-port healthier dietary options and improve the overall health of urban communities. The Urban Agriculture Production Act is the appro-priate means to further develop alternative, urban agricultural production and to help meet communities’ food production needs for the fu-ture. TRIBUTE TO PATH HILL, SHERO FOREVER 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, activism is often described as a theory or practice based on militant action, a state of being active, engaged, participating, dedicated consistent, promoting change, never-ending, always going. All of these words describe teacher, policewoman, law enforcement ex-pert, college professor, friend, humanitarian and much more. I could keep on writing for hours and would not adequately describe what Pat Hill has meant to me and countless oth-ers. She was an inspiration, a role model, a serious fighter for freedom, equality, and jus-tice. Pat, has fought the good fight, has earned the victory and may her soul rest in peace. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes: 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise to ex-press my strong and unwavering support of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals pro-gram (DACA) and unyielding opposition to the President’s decision, announced by the Attor-ney General, to rescind a policy that liberated 800,000 young persons—124,000 of them in Texas—from the shadows of life, welcomed them into the mainstream, and encouraged them to realize their potential and achieve the American Dream. At the heart of the Trump Administration’s cruel, and heartless, and misguided decision to rescind DACA is the specious claim that President Obama lacked the constitutional and statutory authority to take executive actions to implement the DACA policy. That is why I offered an amendment to Divi-sion C of Rules Committee Print 115–31 that would prohibit the Administration from using appropriated funds to implement its decision to rescind DACA. Specifically, that Jackson Lee Amendment provided the following section at the end of Di-vision E of the bill: SEC.lll. None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to finalize, imple-ment, administer, or enforce the Memorandum of September 5, 2017, from the Acting Sec-retary of Homeland Security pertaining to ‘‘Re-scission of the June 15, 2012 Memorandum Entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to Individuals Who Came to the United States as Children.’’ Regrettably, this Jackson Lee Amendment was not made in order by the Rules Com-mittee. There was no need for the President to make any decision about DACA right now; there was pending no real deadline, no actual court case, no legal requirement. Florida is bracing for the impact of Hurri-cane Irma and Houston is still struggling to re-cover and rebuild in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, one of the most catastrophic weather events in the nation’s history. And in my congressional district, we are mourning the loss of the heroic DREAMER, Alonso Guillen, who came to the U.S. from Mexico as a child, and died here his boat cap-sized while he was rescuing survivors of the flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey in the Houston area. The President and Attorney General should have focused on the crisis at hand and not created another one because of a made up deadline. There is no heart in ending DACA and leav-ing the fate of 800,000 young persons in limbo and at the mercy of a Republican Congress that has passed no major legislation and has no guarantee that the President would even sign a bill if they do. Republicans in Congress need to bring H.R. 3440, the Dream Act of 2017, to the floor right now and vote for it so it can pass both houses of Congress with a veto-proof majority. Mr. Chair, now let me briefly discuss why the executive actions taken by President Obama are reasonable, responsible, and with-in his constitutional authority. Pursuant to Article II, Section 3 of the Con-stitution, the President, the nation’s Chief Ex-ecutive, ‘‘shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.’’ In addition to establishing the President’s obligation to execute the law, the Supreme Court has consistently interpreted the ‘‘Take Care’’ Clause as ensuring presidential control over those who execute and enforce the law and the authority to decide how best to en-force the laws. See, e.g., Arizona v. United States; Bowsher v. Synar; Buckley v. Valeo; Printz v. United States; Free Enterprise Fund v. PCAOB. Every law enforcement agency, including the agencies that enforce immigration laws, has ‘‘prosecutorial discretion’’—the inherent power to decide whom to investigate, arrest, detain, charge, and prosecute. Thus, enforcement agencies, including the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS), properly may exercise their discretion to de-vise and implement policies specific to the laws they are charged with enforcing, the pop-ulation they serve, and the problems they face so that they can prioritize our nation’s re-sources to meet mission critical enforcement goals. Mr. Chair, deferred action has been utilized in our nation for decades by Administrations headed by presidents of both parties without controversy or challenge. In fact, as far back as 1976, INS and DHS leaders have issued at least 11 different memoranda providing guidance on the use of similar forms of prosecutorial discretion. Executive authority to take action is thus ‘‘fairly wide,’’ and the federal government’s discretion is extremely ‘‘broad’’ as the Su-preme Court held in the recent case of Ari-zona v. United States, 132 S. Ct. 2492, 2499 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07SE8.032 E07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1183 September 7, 2017 
(2012), an opinion written Justice Kennedy and joined by Chief Justice Roberts: ‘‘Congress has specified which aliens may be removed from the United States and the procedures for doing so. Aliens may be re-moved if they were inadmissible at the time of entry, have been convicted of certain crimes, or meet other criteria set by federal law. Re-moval is a civil, not criminal, matter. A prin-cipal feature of the removal system is the broad discretion exercised by immigration offi-cials. Federal officials, as an initial matter, must decide whether it makes sense to pursue removal at all. If removal proceedings com-mence, aliens may seek asylum and other dis-cretionary relief allowing them to remain in the country or at least to leave without formal re-moval.’’ (emphasis added) (citations omitted). The Court’s decision in Arizona v. United States, also strongly suggests that the execu-tive branch’s discretion in matters of deporta-tion may be exercised on an individual basis, or it may be used to protect entire classes of individuals such as ‘‘[u]nauthorized workers trying to support their families’’ or immigrants who originate from countries torn apart by in-ternal conflicts: ‘‘Discretion in the enforcement of immigra-tion law embraces immediate human con-cerns. Unauthorized workers trying to support their families, for example, likely pose less danger than alien smugglers or aliens who commit a serious crime. The equities of an in-dividual case may turn on many factors, in-cluding whether the alien has children born in the United States, long ties to the community, or a record of distinguished military service. Some discretionary decisions involve policy choices that bear on this Nation’s international relations. Returning an alien to his own coun-try may be deemed inappropriate even where he has committed a removable offense or fails to meet the criteria for admission. The foreign state may be mired in civil war, complicit in political persecution, or enduring conditions that create a real risk that the alien or his fam-ily will be harmed upon return. The dynamic nature of relations with other countries requires the Executive Branch to en-sure that enforcement policies are consistent with this Nation’s foreign policy with respect to these and other realities.’’ Exercising thoughtful discretion in the en-forcement of the nation’s immigration law saves scarce taxpayer funds, optimizes limited resources, and produces results that are more humane and consistent with America’s reputa-tion as the most compassionate nation on earth. Mr. Chair, a DREAMER (an undocumented student) seeking to earn her college degree and aspiring to attend medical school to better herself and her new community is not a threat to the nation’s security. Law abiding but unauthorized immigrants doing honest work to support their families pose far less danger to society than human traffickers, drug smugglers, or those who have committed a serious crime. President Obama was correct in concluding that exercising his discretion regarding the im-plementation of DACA enhances the safety of all members of the public, serves national se-curity interests, and furthers the public interest in keeping families together. Mr. Chair, according to numerous studies conducted by the Congressional Budget Of-fice, Social Security Administration, and Coun-cil of Economic Advisors, the DACA generates substantial economic benefits to our nation. For example, unfreezing DAPA and ex-panded DACA is estimated to increase GDP by $230 billion and create an average of 28,814 jobs per year over the next 10 years. That is a lot of jobs! Mr. Chair, in exercising his broad discretion in the area of removal proceedings, President Obama acted responsibly and reasonably in determining the circumstances in which it makes sense to pursue removal and when it does not. In exercising this broad discretion, President Obama did nothing was novel or unprece-dented. Let me cite a just a few examples of execu-tive action taken by American presidents, both Republican and Democratic, on issues affect-ing immigrants over the past 35 years: 1. In 1987, President Ronald Reagan used executive action in 1987 to allow 200,000 Nicaraguans facing deportation to apply for re-lief from expulsion and work authorization. 2. In 1980, President Jimmy Carter exer-cised parole authority to allow Cubans to enter the U.S., and about 123,000 ‘‘Mariel Cubans’’ were paroled into the U.S. by 1981. 3. In 1990, President George H.W. Bush issued an executive order that granted De-ferred Enforced Departure (DED) to certain nationals of the People’s Republic of China who were in the United States. 4. In 1992, the Bush administration granted DED to certain nationals of El Salvador. 5. In 1997, President Bill Clinton issued an executive order granting DED to certain Hai-tians who had arrived in the United States be-fore Dec. 31, 1995. 6. In 2010, the Obama Administration began a policy of granting parole to the spouses, par-ents, and children of military members. Mr. Chair, because of President Obama’s leadership and visionary executive action, 124,000 undocumented immigrants in my home state of Texas have received deferred action. 91 percent of these immigrants are em-ployed or in school and contribute $6.3 billion annually to the Texas economy and $460.3 billion to the national economy. Mr. Chair, let me note that DACA was and is a welcome development but not a substitute for undertaking the comprehensive reform and modernization of the nation’s immigration laws supported by the American people. Only Congress can do that. America’s borders are dynamic, with con-stantly evolving security challenges. Border security must be undertaken in a manner that allows actors to use pragmatism and common sense. Comprehensive immigration reform is des-perately needed to ensure that Lady Liberty’s lamp remains the symbol of a land that wel-comes immigrants to a community of immi-grants and does so in a manner that secures our borders and protects our homeland. Instead of wasting time scapegoating DREAMERS, we should instead seize the op-portunity to pass legislation that secures our borders, preserves America’s character as the most open and welcoming country in the his-tory of the world, and will yield hundreds of bil-lions of dollars in economic growth. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. THOMAS A. GARRETT, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 7, 2017 Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend Floor votes due to the expected birth of my child. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Rollcall No. 441. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:44 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07SE8.034 E07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D933 Thursday, September 7, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 601, Reinforcing Education Accountability in Development Act, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5023–S5083 Measures Introduced: Fifteen bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1769–1783, S. Res. 250, and S. Con. Res. 24.
                          Page S5056 
Measures Reported: S. 822, to amend the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to modify provisions relating to grants, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–148) S. 1395, to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System units in Delaware. (S. Rept. No. 115–149) S. 1771, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018. (S. Rept. No. 115–150) Report to accompany S. 1761, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for intelligence and in-telligence-related activities of the United States Gov-ernment, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System. (S. Rept. No. 115–151) S. 1780, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018. (S. Rept. No. 115–152)
                                 Pages S5055–56 
Measures Passed: Honoring the Heroism of Joseph Leon George: Committee on Armed Services was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 243, expressing the sense of the Senate that Joseph Leon George should be honored for heroism at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, on December 7, 1941, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                                       Page S5024 Enrollment Correction: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 24, providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 601.
                                                                Page S5077 
Authorizing Use of Capitol Grounds: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 69, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run. 
                                                                                            Page S5077 
Children of Fallen Heroes Scholarship Act: Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was discharged from further consideration of S. 597, to increase Federal Pell Grants for the children of fallen public safety officers, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                     Pages S5077–78 
Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 1165, to designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center, and the bill was then passed.
                                                         Page S5078 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
                                                           Page S5038 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, Sep-tember 7, 2017, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, September 11, 2017.
        Page S5038 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07SE7.REC D07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD934 September 7, 2017 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, September 11, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally divided be-tween the two Leaders, or their designees; and that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill occur at 5:30 p.m.
                                                                                  Page S5078 
House Messages: Reinforcing Education Accountability in Devel-opment Act: By 80 yeas to 17 nays (Vote No. 192), Senate concurred in the House amendment to the Senate amendment (No. 6) to H.R. 601, to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assist-ance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in devel-oping countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate dupli-cation and waste, with McConnell Amendment No. 808 (to the House amendment to the Senate amend-ment (No. 6) to the bill), in the nature of a sub-stitute, after taking action on the following motions and amendments proposed thereto:
          Pages S5031–38 
Rejected: McConnell motion to refer the House message to accompany the bill to the Committee on Appropria-tions, with instructions, McConnell (for Paul) Amendment No. 816, relating to supplemental ap-propriations. (By 87 yeas to 10 nays (Vote No. 189), Senate tabled the motion.)
                     Pages S5031, S5035 
McConnell motion to refer the House message to accompany the bill to the Committee on Appropria-tions, with instructions. (By 72 yeas to 25 nays (Vote No. 190), Senate tabled the motion.) 
                                                                                    Pages S5035–36 
Withdrawn: McConnell Amendment No. 809 (to Amendment No. 808), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                            Pages S5031, S5038 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: McConnell Amendment No. 817 (to (the instruc-tions) Amendment No. 816), to change the enact-ment date, fell when McConnell motion to refer the House message to accompany the bill to the Com-mittee on Appropriations, with instructions, McCon-nell (for Paul) Amendment No. 816 (listed above), was tabled.
                                                            Pages S5031–32 
McConnell Amendment No. 818 (to Amendment No. 817), of a perfecting nature, fell when McCon-nell Amendment No. 817 (to (the instructions) Amendment No. 816) (listed above), fell.
    Page S5032 By 79 yeas to 18 nays (Vote No. 191), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to con-cur in the House amendment to the Senate amend-ment (No. 6) to the bill with McConnell Amend-ment No. 808, (to the House amendment to the Senate amendment (No. 6) to the bill), in the nature of a substitute.
                                                    Pages S5037–38 
Moment of Silence for 9/11 Victims—Agree-ment: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that following the prayer and pledge on Monday, September 11, 2017, Senate observe a mo-ment of silence in remembrance of the lives lost in the attacks of September 11, 2001.
                 Page S5078 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 
                                                                            Pages S5047, S5083 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: R. Stan Baker, of Georgia, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Georgia. Jeffrey Uhlman Beaverstock, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Alabama. Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. John W. Broomes, of Kansas, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas. Rebecca Grady Jennings, of Kentucky, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Kentucky. Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Alabama. Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas. Karen Gren Scholer, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas. Brett Joseph Talley, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Ala-bama. William L. Wehrum, of Delaware, to be an As-sistant Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency. Rainey R. Brandt, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years. Deborah J. Israel, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years. Elizabeth L. Branch, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07SE7.REC D07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D935 September 7, 2017 
Matthew J. Kacsmaryk, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas. Gregory G. Katsas, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia Circuit. Emily Coody Marks, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Ala-bama. Jeffrey Carl Mateer, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas. 
                                                                                            Page S5083 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S5052 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S5052 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:       Pages S5052–53 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S5053–55 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S5055–56 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5056–58 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5058–62 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S5052 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S5062–76 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S5076–77 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S5077 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—192)
                                   Pages S5035, S5036, S5038 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:15 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, Sep-tember 11, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5078.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: An original bill (S. 1780) entitled, ‘‘Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2018’’; and An original bill (S. 1771) entitled, ‘‘Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 1463, to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to modify the term of the independent mem-ber of the Financial Stability Oversight Council; and The nominations of Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, and Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Reappoint-ment), and to be Vice Chairman for Supervision of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem. NORTH KOREA Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine evalu-ating sanctions enforcement and policy options on North Korea, including S. 1591, to impose sanctions with respect to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, after receiving testimony from Adam J. Szubin, Johns Hopkins University School of Ad-vanced International Studies, Washington, D.C.; An-thony Ruggiero, Foundation for Defense of Democ-racies, Woodbridge, Virginia; and John Park, Har-vard University John F. Kennedy School of Govern-ment Belfer Center for Science and International Af-fairs Korea Working Group, Belmont, Massachu-setts. NOMINATIONS Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Joseph Balash, of Alaska, to be an Assistant Sec-retary, who was introduced by Senator Murkowski, and Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be Solicitor, who was introduced by Senator Risch, both of the Department of the Interior, and Richard Glick, of Virginia, who was introduced by Senator Cantwell, and Kevin J. McIntyre, of Virginia, both to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion, after the nominees testified and answered ques-tions in their own behalf. CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, focusing on the path forward, after receiving testimony from Anne L. Schwartz, Executive Direc-tor, Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Com-mission; Linda Nablo, Virginia Department of Med-ical Assistance Services Chief Deputy Director, Rich-mond; and Leanna M. George, Benson, North Caro-lina. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07SE7.REC D07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD936 September 7, 2017 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Gilbert B. Kaplan, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade, and Matthew Bassett, of Tennessee, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Robert Charrow, of Maryland, to be General Counsel, both of the Department of Health and Human Services. FEDERAL PERMITTING IMPROVEMENT STEERING COUNCIL OVERSIGHT Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations concluded an oversight hearing to examine Federal infrastructure permitting and the Federal Permitting Improvement Steering Council, after receiving testi-mony from Janet Pfleeger, Acting Executive Direc-tor, Federal Permitting Improvement Steering Coun-cil; Terry L. Turpin, Director, Office of Energy Projects, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; Robyn S. Colosimo, Assistant for Water Resources Policy, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), Department of Defense; Gary Frazer, Assistant Director for Ecological Services, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior; Marc S. Gerken, American Municipal Power, Inc., Columbus, Ohio; and Brent Booker, North America’s Building Trades Unions, William L. Kovacs, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and Scott Slesinger, Natural Resources Defense Council, all of Washington, D.C. INDIVIDUAL INSURANCE MARKET Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine stabi-lizing premiums and helping individuals in the indi-vidual insurance market for 2018, focusing on gov-ernors, after receiving testimony from Massachusetts Governor Charles D. Baker, Boston; Montana Gov-ernor Steve Bullock, Helena; Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam, Nashville; Utah Governor Gary R. Herbert, Salt Lake City; and Colorado Governor John W. Hickenlooper, Denver. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 705, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history re-view program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elder-ly, or individuals with disabilities, with an amend-ment; and The nominations of Kurt G. Alme, to be United States Attorney for the District of Montana, Donald Q. Cochran, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee, Russell M. Coleman, to be United States Attorney for the Western Dis-trict of Kentucky, Bart M. Davis, to be United States Attorney for the District of Idaho, Brian J. Kuester, to be United States Attorney for the East-ern District of Oklahoma, and R. Trent Shores, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Oklahoma. BUSINESS MEETING Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to consider pending intelligence mat-ters. Committee recessed subject to the call. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 19 pub-lic bills, H.R. 3692–3710; and 3 resolutions, H.J. Res. 117; and H. Res. 598, 510, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H7181–82 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H7183 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3326, to increase accountability, combat cor-ruption, and strengthen management effectiveness at the World Bank, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–298); and H. Res. 509, providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 601) to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assist-ance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in devel-oping countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07SE7.REC D07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D937 September 7, 2017 
and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate dupli-cation and waste, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–299).
                                                                      Page H7181 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Barton to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H7091 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:29 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H7101 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Louis M. Murphy, Sr., Mount Zion Progressive Missionary Baptist Church, St. Pe-tersburg, FL.
                                                                Page H7101 
Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018: The House considered H.R. 3354, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018. Consideration is expected to resume to-morrow, September 8th.
            Pages H7125–34, H7135–46, H7147–60, H7160–63, H7163–62, H7172–80 
Agreed to: Hunter amendment (No. 77 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that was debated on September 6th that transfers $5 million dollars from the Coast Guard’s Operations Expenses to its Research, Devel-opment, Test and Evaluation Account, for the pur-pose of supporting Coast Guard Icebreaker sea trials (by a recorded vote of 245 ayes to 168 noes, Roll No. 463);
                                                               Pages H7117–18 
Rogers (KY) en bloc amendment No. 4 consisting of the following amendments printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295: Lowey (No. 90) that states a de-crease/increase of funding for Diplomatic Policy and Support from the Diplomatic and Consular Programs account regarding deportation status of Mr. Jakiw Palij; Mitchell (No. 93) that prohibits the use of funds to attend a Canadian water resources con-ference in opposition to the construction of a deep geological repository for nuclear waste on the Cana-dian shore of Lake Huron; Valadao (No. 100) that ensures continued funding for de-mining projects in Nagorno-Karabakh, Azerbaijan; Lynch (No. 102) that increases funding for the Department of the Treasury International Affairs Technical Assistance by $4,545,000; Foster (No. 103) that reduces the NADR account by $10,000,000 and increases the account by the same amount, to be used for the Syn-chrotron-Light for Experimental Science and Appli-cations project in order to promote scientific diplo-macy and peace in the Middle East; Budd (No. 104) that prevents funds from being used to honor the families of those engaged or connected to terrorist activity; Torres (No. 105) that provides an exemp-tion from the withholding requirements that are set forth in Sections 7045(a)(3) of Division G, which apply to all assistance for each of the central govern-ments of Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador; Trott (No. 108) that prohibits the use of funds made available by the Department of State to close or merge the Office of International Religious Freedom; Schneider (No. 109) that prohibits the use of funds made available to the Department of State from being used to close or merge the Office of the Spe-cial Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism; Ted Lieu (CA) (No. 111) that prohibits the use of funds made available to the Department of State from being used to close or merge the Office of Global Criminal Justice; and Meeks (No. 117) that ensures none of the funds made available in this Act may be used to reduce the number of fellows in the Charles B. Rangel International Affairs Program, the Thomas Pickering Foreign Affairs Fellowship Pro-gram, or the Donald M. Payne International Devel-opment Fellowship Program below current levels;                                                                                     Pages H7120–21 
Gaetz amendment (No. 113 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that prevents funds from being given to a list of Palestinian schools named after ter-rorists;
                                                                             Page H7134 
Calvert en bloc amendment No. 1 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–297: Soto (No. 3) that increases funding for the National Wildlife Refuge System by $500,000 for the Wildlife and Habitat Management of invasive species; Courtney (No. 7) that designates $300,000 within the Operation of the National Park System for the New England Scenic Trail; Cicilline (No. 9) that increases the funds appropriated to the Oper-ations of the National Park System by $2,000,000; Clyburn (No. 10) that increases funding by $2 mil-lion for historic preservation grants to Historically Black Colleges and Universities and is offset by a $2 million reduction in the Office of the Secretary; Heck (No. 11) that restores appropriations for the Historic Preservation Fund (HPF) to the FY17 en-acted level by shifting $5.5 million from the Depart-ment of the Interior, Departmental Operations, Of-fice of the Secretary account; O’Halleran (No. 16) that reduces Interior operations funds and increase BIA construction funds by 10 million dollars; Plaskett (No. 17) that restores current funding for assistance to territories; Carolyn Maloney (NY) (No. 19) that increases the Smithsonian Institution Sala-ries and Expenses account by $2,000,000 and de-creases the Office of the Secretary of the Interior ac-count by $2,000,000; Brendan F. Boyle (PA) (No. 20) that makes funding for the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) equal to that of FY17 and FY16 levels; Welch (No. 22) that restores funding for the Lake Champlain Basin Pro-gram to the FY17 amount of $4.399M and reduces 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07SE7.REC D07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD938 September 7, 2017 
Operations and Maintenance funding of EPA’s Science and Technology account by a corresponding amount; Mast (No. 23) that increases Environmental Protection Agency to FY18 appropriated level; EPA’s office of Research and Development supports scientific research activities for Human and ecologi-cal health effects research to provide information on human exposure to HAB toxins; such research is critical in identifying food-chain bioaccumulation and allergenic aspects of toxins produced by cyanobacteria; it also develops and optimizes analyt-ical procedures for measuring HAB toxins in drink-ing and source waters, including the qualitative and quantitative analysis of microcystin toxins, which are also being examined for toxicity levels; Soto (No. 25) that increases funding for the National Estuary Pro-gram by $468,000; Mast (No. 26) that appropriates an additional $1 million to non-point source pollu-tion grants to state projects for mitigation and re-moval of toxic substances; Polis (No. 34) that in-creases funding to Volunteer Fire Assistance (VFA provides grants to volunteer fire departments pro-tecting communities with 10,000 or fewer residents to purchase equipment and training for use in wildland fire suppression) by $1.382 million and State Fire Assistance (SFA provides financial and technical support to states to enhance fire-fighting capacity, supports community-based hazard mitiga-tion, and expands outreach and education to home-owners and communities concerning fire prevention) by $10.989 million, funded by the National Forest System Account; O’Halleran (No. 35) that addresses staffing and operation of IHS facilities opening in FY 2018; Jackson Lee (No. 47) that states that none of the funds made available in this Act may be used to limit outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian Institution; Jackson Lee (No. 48) that prohibits use of funds by the National Park Service in contravention of section 320101 of title 54, United States Code which provides that it is a na-tional policy to preserve for public use historic sites, buildings, and objects of national significance for the inspiration and benefit of the people of the United States, especially as it relates to National Heritage Areas (NHAs); Jackson Lee (No. 49) that prohibits the use of appropriated funds to eliminate the Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnership or programs that are for the reforestation of urban areas; Poliquin (No. 58) that prohibits the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from adding additional inspections to sea urchins and sea cucumbers exports; and Speier (No. 79) that prohibits any funds in the bill from being used to-wards the National Park Services’ proposed Dog Management Rule in the Golden Gate National Recreation Area;
                                                 Pages H7135–37 Calvert en bloc amendment No. 2 consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–297: McSally (No. 1) that increases the Bureau of Land Management’s (BLM) Forest Management Program, which manages and conserves 58 million acres of forest and woodland in 12 western States and Alaska, by $316,000; Mast (No. 6) that increase the USGS Water Sciences Research Center funds under National Institute of Health to increase fund-ing to monitor bodies of water, conduct research on how HABs affect animals; risks associated with expo-sure to certain types of algae and associated disease- causing organisms; develop new tools to better un-derstand and predict cyanobacterial harmful algal blooms; Mast (No. 24) that supports research activi-ties and provide grants for researching the health ef-fects associated with exposure to harmful algal bloom (HAB) toxins; and supporting research that reduces human exposure to HAB toxins; McSally (No. 28) that increases the Forest Service’s National Forest System Hazardous Fuels account by $3 mil-lion to mitigate wildfire hazards and lessen cata-strophic fires and their threat to public and fire-fighter safety, and damage to property; McKinley (No. 33) that transfers funds from within the Forest Service funds to emphasize lack of wood harvesting; Byrne (No. 52) that states that none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose to repeal section 105(a)(2) or section 105(b) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note); Burgess (No. 54) that prevents funds from being used to hire new employees at the EPA under the Title 42 special pay authority in-tended for public health professionals in the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services; and Emmer (No. 70) that prohibits funding from being used to implement a January 13, 2017 effort by the U.S. Department of Interior and Agriculture to restrict all leasing, exploration, and potential development of approximately 234,328 acres of federal land in Northeast Minnesota;
                                      Pages H7139–40 
McSally amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that increases the National Park Service’s Facility Maintenance and Operations account by $9.692 million to help address longstanding deferred park maintenance needs;
                                Pages H7140–41 
Griffith amendment (No. 13 printed in H. Rept. 115–297), as modified, that restores the number of Appalachian states eligible for grants for the rec-lamation of abandoned mine lands to be used for economic and community development from 3 to 6; 
                                                                                    Pages H7141–42 
Katko amendment (No. 30 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that increases the Clean Water State Re-volving fund by $250 million, maintaining fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07SE7.REC D07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D939 September 7, 2017 
year 2016 levels to preserve critical water infrastruc-ture funding;
                                                        Pages H7147–48 
Long amendment (No. 40 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that prohibits funds from being used to enforce reporting requirements of hazardous sub-stances from farms in accordance with Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Li-ability Act of 1980 and the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986; 
                                                                                    Pages H7153–54 
Buck amendment (No. 41 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that prohibits the federal government from entering into an agreement to establish a herit-age partnership program in nine counties in south-east Colorado;
                                                      Pages H7154–55 
Young (AK) amendment (No. 44 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that prohibits funds from this Act to be used by the Department of Interior to change existing placer mining plans of operations in regard to re-vegetation;
                                                 Pages H7156–57 
Westerman amendment (No. 45 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that restricts funding from being used to enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Onshore Oil and Gas Operations; Federal and Indian Oil and Gas Leases; Measurement of Oil’’ and published by the Bureau of Land Management on November 17, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 81462);
                                            Page H7157 
Austin Scott (GA) amendment (No. 92 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that increases the ap-propriation for Western Hemisphere Regional Co-operation by $10 million dollars and reduces the ap-propriation for contributions to International Orga-nizations by $10 million (by a recorded vote of 217 ayes to 193 noes, Roll No. 468); 
                                                                Pages H7123–24, H7161–62 
Thompson (PA) amendment (No. 15 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that restores funding for the Abandoned Mine Land Reclamation pilot program to its 2017 level, while reducing EPA’s Environmental Programs and Management by the same amount ($32,491,000) (by a recorded vote of 207 ayes to 205 noes, Roll No. 472);
           Pages H7142–43, H7164–65 
Ben Ray Luja´n (NM) amendment (No. 31 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that decreases and increases State and Tribal Assistance Grants by $6 million to direct the EPA to work with the affected States and Indian tribes to implement a long-term monitoring program for water quality of the Animas and San Juan Rivers in response to the Gold King Mine spill (by a recorded vote of 220 ayes to 191 noes, Roll No. 475);
                                           Pages H7148–49, H7166–67 
Young (AK) amendment (No. 43 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to prohibit funds to be used to implement a rule by the National Park Serv-ice regarding wildlife management practices on Na-tional Preserves in Alaska (by a recorded vote of 215 ayes to 196 noes, Roll No. 478);                                                                 Pages H7155–56, H7168–69 
Goodlatte amendment (No. 50 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that prohibits the Environmental Protection Agency from using any funds to take re-taliatory, or EPA described ‘‘backstop’’ actions, against any of the six states in the Chesapeake Bay Watershed in the event that a state does not meet the goals mandated by the EPA’s Chesapeake Bay Total Maximum Daily Load (by a recorded vote of 214 ayes to 197 noes, Roll No. 479); 
                                                                Pages H7157–58, H7169–70 
Perry amendment (No. 59 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that prohibits funds from being used to give formal notification under, or prepare, propose, implement, administer, or enforce any rule or rec-ommendation pursuant to, section 115 of the Clean Air Act;
                                                                          Page H7173 
Pearce amendment (No. 62 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that prevents funds being used to imple-ment the Bureau of Land Management’s ‘‘Onshore Oil and Gas Operations; Federal and Indian Oil and Gas Leases; Site Security’’ rule;
                  Pages H7174–75 
Lamborn amendment (No. 67 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that prohibits funds for being used to im-plement or enforce the threatened species or endan-gered species listing of any plant or wildlife that has not undergone a review as required by section 4(c)(2) of the Endangered Species Act; and
         Pages H7178–79 
Lamborn amendment (No. 68 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that prohibits funds for being used to im-plement or enforce the threatened species listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse under the En-dangered Species Act.
                                      Pages H7179–80 
Rejected: Castro (TX) amendment (No. 71 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that was debated on Sep-tember 6th that sought to increase funding for the CBP Camera Technology Initiative (by a recorded vote of 205 ayes to 207 noes, Roll No. 459); 
                                                                                            Page H7115 
Roybal-Allard amendment (No. 74 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that was debated on Sep-tember 6th that sought to reduce funding for ICE— Operations and Support (Enforcement and Removal Operations) by $849,500,000 and increases funding for Coast Guard—Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements (Polar Icebreaker) by the same amount (by a recorded vote of 170 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 460);
                                                    Pages H7115–16 
Castro (TX) amendment (No. 75 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that was debated on Sep-tember 6th that sought to increase funding for ICE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07SE7.REC D07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD940 September 7, 2017 
to incorporate body-worn cameras (by a recorded vote of 203 ayes to 211 noes, Roll No. 461); 
                                                                                    Pages H7116–17 
Correa amendment (No. 76 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that was debated on September 6th that sought to reduce funding for ICE—Oper-ations and Support (Enforcement and Removal Oper-ations) by $100,000,000 and increase funding for Coast Guard—Acquisition, Construction, and Im-provements (cutters for drug interdiction) by the same amount (by a recorded vote of 182 ayes to 229 noes, Roll No. 462);
                                                Page H7117 
King (IA) amendment (No. 80 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295), as modified, that was debated on September 6th that sought to ensure that no funds are used to implement, administer, or enforce the Davis-Bacon Act (by a recorded vote of 173 ayes to 240 noes, Roll No. 464);
                        Pages H7118–19 
Castro (TX) amendment (No. 81 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that was debated on Sep-tember 6th that sought to prohibit the use of privatized immigration detention facilities (by a re-corded vote of 183 ayes to 230 noes, Roll No. 465); 
                                                                                            Page H7119 
Jayapal amendment (No. 84 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that was debated on September 6th that sought to prohibit funding from being used to expand or build new detention facilities (by a re-corded vote of 180 ayes to 230 noes, Roll No. 466); 
                                                                                    Pages H7119–20 
Buck amendment (No. 94 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to defund the United States Institute of Peace and transfers funds to the spending reduction account;
                        Pages H7125–28 
Engel amendment (No. 95 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to increase funding for USAID’s global health programs by $209 million in order to increase funding for bilateral tuberculosis (TB) assistance to $450 million;
                Pages H7128–29 
Paulsen amendment (No. 101 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to increase funding for the US African Development Foundation by $15 million;
                                                                           Page H7132 
Price (NC) amendment (No. 21 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to provide $104,235,000 to restore funding to EPA’s Science and Technology account;
                               Pages H7144–45 
Beyer amendment (No. 36 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to strike section 430 on page 134, lines 17 through 25, relating to the Federal Water Pollution Control Act;
                     Pages H7149–50 
Beyer amendment (No. 37 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to strike section 431 on page 135, lines 1 through 23, which authorizes the Ad-ministrator of the EPA and the Secretary of the Army to withdraw the WOTUS rule without regard to any provision of statue or regulation that estab-lishes a requirement for such withdrawal;                                                                                     Pages H7150–52 
Sanford amendment (No. 51 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to prohibit funds to authorize, permit, or conduct geological or geophysical activi-ties in support of oil, gas, or methane and hydrate exploration and development in the North Atlantic, Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic or the Straits of Flor-ida;
                                                                            Pages H7158–60 
Hastings (FL) amendment (No. 97 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to designate $12 million for programs benefiting the Ethiopian- Israeli community (agreed by unanimous consent to withdraw the earlier request for a recorded vote to the end that the Chair put the question de novo); 
                                                                            Pages H7130, H7160 
Hastings (FL) amendment (No. 98 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to designate $20 million for psychosocial support programs for religious and ethnic minorities persecuted by ISIS (agreed by unanimous consent to withdraw the ear-lier request for a recorded vote to the end that the Chair put the question de novo); 
                                                                      Pages H7130–31, H7160 
Rothfus amendment (No. 91 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to transfer $30 mil-lion to the International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement account from the Fulbright Program (by a recorded vote of 163 ayes to 248 noes, Roll No. 467);
                                           Pages H7120–23, H7160–61 
Grothman amendment (No. 99 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to reduce the amount appropriated for the Economic Support Fund by $12,000,000 (by a recorded vote of 105 ayes to 307 noes, Roll No. 469);
           Pages H7131–32, H7162–63 
Yoho amendment (No. 110 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that sought to prohibit funds from being used to make any U.S. contributions to the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC), the United Nations Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR), and the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) (by a recorded vote of 199 ayes to 212 noes, Roll No. 470); 
                                                                      Pages H7132–34, H7163 
Grijalva amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to restore funding to Super-fund enforcement within the Hazardous Substance Superfund account with an equivalent cut to the oil and gas program within the BLM account (by a re-corded vote of 191 ayes to 221 noes, Roll No. 471); 
                                                                      Pages H7137–38, H7164 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07SE7.REC D07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D941 September 7, 2017 
Grijalva amendment (No. 18 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to restore funding for the En-vironmental Justice Program within the EPA Envi-ronmental Programs and Management account with an equivalent cut to Leadership and Administration within the DOI Office of the Secretary (by a re-corded vote of 190 ayes to 218 noes, Roll No. 473); 
                                                                Pages H7143–44, H7165–66 
Biggs amendment (No. 29 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to cut $10,234,000 from the EPA Environmental Programs and Management Ac-count enforcement line and redirects funds to the EPA Spending Reduction Account (by a recorded vote of 184 ayes to 228 noes, Roll No. 474); 
                                                                            Pages H7147, H7166 
Ellison amendment (No. 38 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to strike the language that would delay the implementation of the new Ozone Standards (by a recorded vote of 194 ayes to 218 noes, Roll No. 476);
                    Pages H7152–53, H7167–68 
Lowenthal amendment (No. 39 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to strike a provision re-lating to the use of the National Ocean Policy (by a recorded vote of 189 ayes to 220 noes, Roll No. 477);
                                                                 Pages H7153, H7168 
McEachin amendment (No. 65 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to prevent funds from being used to prepare a five-year offshore oil and gas leasing program that would schedule OCS oil or gas leases before 2022; and
                                   Pages H7176–77 
Grothman amendment (No. 66 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that sought to prohibit funds from being used to implement, administer, or enforce the rule entitled ‘‘National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards for Ozone’’ published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on Octo-ber 26, 2015.
                                                       Pages H7177–78 
Withdrawn: Frankel amendment (No. 96 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–295) that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing for the Economic Support Fund by $8.5 million; 
                                                                                    Pages H7129–30 
Bacon amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have reduced the U.S. Fish and Wildlife land acquisition account by 4,000,000 and redirected funds to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife En-dangered Species delisting efforts; and
   Pages H7138–39 
Langevin amendment (No. 27 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have increased funding by $1 mil-lion for the Southern New England Program under Geographic Programs.
                                             Page H7146 Proceedings Postponed: Blackburn amendment (No. 55 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to call for 1% across the board cuts;
                                                            Pages H7170–71 
Palmer amendment (No. 56 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to ensure that none of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the En-vironmental Protection Agency’s Criminal Enforce-ment Division;
                                                    Pages H7171–72 
Carbajal amendment (No. 57 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to state that none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to process any application under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) for a permit to drill or a permit to modify, that would authorize use of hydraulic fracturing or acid well stimulation treat-ment in the Pacific Outer Continental Shelf; and 
                                                                                    Pages H7172–73 
Pearce amendment (No. 63 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to prevent funds from being used to implement the Bureau of Land Manage-ment’s ‘‘Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resource Conservation’’ rule. 
                                                                                    Pages H7175–76 
H. Res. 504, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 222 yeas to 190 nays, Roll No. 458, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 227 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 457.
                                                                Pages H7106–15 
Senate Referrals: S. Con. Res. 23 was referred to the Committee on House Administration. S. 652 was referred to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. S. 849 was referred to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. S. 920 was held at the desk. S. 1359 was held at the desk. S. 597 was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on the Budget. S. 1165 was referred to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. S. Con. Res. 24 was held at the desk.
                                                                   Page H7180 
Senate Messages: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and messages received from the Senate appear on pages H7101, H7125, H7146–47. Quorum Calls Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and twenty-one recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H7113–14, H7114, H7115, H7116, H7116–17, H7117, H7118, H7118–19, H7119, H7119–20, H7160–61, H7161–62, H7162–63, H7163, H7164, H7164–65, H7165–66, H7166, H7166–67, H7167–68, H7168, H7168–69, and H7169. There were no quorum calls. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07SE7.REC D07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD942 September 7, 2017 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:37 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
NAVY READINESS—UNDERLYING PROBLEMS ASSOCIATED WITH THE USS FITZGERALD AND USS JOHN S. MCCAIN Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces; and Subcommittee on Readiness held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Navy Readiness—Underlying Problems Associated with the USS Fitzgerald and USS John S. McCain’’. Testi-mony was heard from Rear Admiral Upper Half Ronald A. Boxall, Director, Surface Warfare (N96), U.S. Navy; Admiral Bill Moran, Vice Chief of Naval Operations, U.S. Navy; and John H. Pendleton, Di-rector, Defense Force Structure and Readiness Issues, Government Accountability Office. THE BROADCAST INCENTIVE AUCTION: UPDATE ON REPACKING OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘The Broadcast Incentive Auction: Update on Repacking Opportunities and Challenges’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS FOR A MORE EFFICIENT FEDERAL FINANCIAL REGULATORY REGIME Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals for a More Ef-ficient Federal Financial Regulatory Regime’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets, Securities, and Investment held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority’’. Testimony was heard from Robert W. Cook, President and Chief Executive Of-ficer, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. MAINTAINING U.S. INFLUENCE IN SOUTH ASIA: THE FY 2018 BUDGET Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘Maintaining U.S. Influence in South Asia: The FY 2018 Budget’’. Testimony was heard from Alice G. Wells, Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs, Department of State; and Gloria Steele, Acting Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Asia, U.S. Agency for International Development. U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE COUNTERTERRORISM BUREAU: THE FY 2018 BUDGET Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of State Counterterrorism Bureau: The FY 2018 Budget’’. Testimony was heard from Nathan Alexander Sales, Coordinator for Counterterrorism, Bureau of Counterterrorism and Countering Violent Extremism, Department of State. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 2142, the ‘‘International Nar-cotics Trafficking Emergency Response by Detecting Incoming Contraband with Technology Act’’; H.R. 3101, the ‘‘Strengthening Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3551, to amend the Security and Ac-countability for Every Port Act of 2006 to reauthor-ize the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Ter-rorism Program, and for other purposes; and H.R. 3669, the ‘‘Securing General Aviation and Commer-cial Charter Air Carrier Service Act of 2017’’. H.R. 2142, H.R. 3551, and H.R. 3669 were ordered re-ported, as amended. H.R. 3101 was ordered re-ported, without amendment. CHALLENGES OF RECRUITING AND RETAINING A CYBERSECURITY WORKFORCE Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Challenges of Recruiting and Retaining a Cybersecurity Workforce’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 3229, to protect the safety of judges by extending the authority of the Judicial Conference to redact sensitive information contained in their financial disclosure reports, and for other purposes; H.R. 620, the ‘‘ADA Education and Re-form Act of 2017’’; and H. Res. 488, resolution of inquiry requesting the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the removal of former Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation Director James Comey. H.R. 3229 and H.R. 620 were ordered reported, without amend-ment. H. Res. 488 was ordered reported, as amend-ed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07SE7.REC D07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D943 September 7, 2017 
EXAMINING THE SHIPMENT OF ILLICIT DRUGS IN INTERNATIONAL MAIL Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Examining the Shipment of Illicit Drugs in International Mail’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE READ ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on the Senate Amendment to H.R. 601, the ‘‘READ Act’’ [Hurricane Supplemental, Debt Limit, Con-tinuing Appropriations, and Flood Insurance Pack-age]. The Committee granted, by voice vote of, a rule providing for the consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 601. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House con-cur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 601. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the motion. The rule provides that the Senate amend-ment and the motion shall be considered as read. The rule provides one hour of debate on the motion equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ap-propriations. PRIVATE SECTOR LUNAR EXPLORATION Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Space held a hearing entitled ‘‘Private Sector Lunar Exploration’’. Testimony was heard from Jason Crusan, Director, Advanced Exploration Systems, National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration; and public witnesses. EXAMINING THE SMALL BUSINESS LABOR MARKET Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Examining the Small Business Labor Market’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a markup on H. Res. 479, of inquiry directing the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to the House of Representatives the tax return information of Presi-dent Donald J. Trump as well as the tax returns of each business entity disclosed by Donald J. Trump on his Office of Government Ethics Form 278e. H. Res. 479 was ordered reported, without amendment. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07SE7.REC D07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD944 September 7, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, September 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2810, National Defense Authorization Act, and vote on the mo-tion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to con-sideration of the bill at 5:30 p.m. (At approximately 3 p.m., Senate will observe a moment of silence in remembrance of the lives lost in the attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, September 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Consideration of the Senate amend-ment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 601—Reinforcing Education Accountability in Development Act (Subject to a Rule). Continue consider-ation of H.R. 3354—Department of the Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E1173 Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E1174 Brooks, Mo, Ala., E1175 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1175, E1177 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1182 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1181 Doyle, Michael F., Pa., E1179 Garrett, Thomas A., Jr., Va., E1183 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1178 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E1175, E1178, E1180 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1175 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1182 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1181 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E1174, E1175, E1176, E1177, E1178, E1179, E1179, E1180, E1180, E1181 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1179 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1173 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1178 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E1174, E1175 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1176 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E1173 Sensenbrenner, F. James, Jr., Wisc., E1177 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1174, E1176 Titus, Dina, Nev., E1180 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:54 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D07SE7.REC D07SEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST