Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9181 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2017 No. 186 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, November 14, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
ODY B. H
ICEto act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
GOP TAX BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I was here when Democrats and Republicans came together to enact bipartisan tax reform in 1986. We paid for our tax overhaul and never once asked future genera-tions to foot the bill. President Trump said in July that tax reform is, and I quote, ‘‘going to be easy.’’ I will admit that, to someone like him who is new to government and who may not understand fully how Congress works, what we achieved in 1986 may, in hindsight, appear to have been easy. It wasn’t. It was difficult because it required compromise; it was difficult because it required trust; and it was difficult be-cause it required both parties to make tough choices and share the burden of taking responsibility, along with the benefit of claiming victory. Somewhere along the way, Mr. Speaker, it seems that many in the Re-publican Party lost sight of this truth. First on healthcare, and now on taxes, they have decided that it would be easier not to work with Democrats at all, so they have chosen a partisan path, where the only ones with whom they have to compromise are them-selves. It is ‘‘going to be easy,’’ they said. And the result: We now expect, on this floor, a bill so dangerous and so reprehensible to the taxpayers of this country that nearly every major orga-nization representing taxpayers, small businesses, workers, farmers, seniors, home builders, realtors, teachers—and I could go on—oppose this bill. There are more serious problems with the Republican tax bill than time to address them on this floor, so I want to highlight the three that make it so utterly dangerous to our economy and to the middle class. First, most of the benefits of the tax cuts Republicans are proposing will benefit only those at the very top 1 percent; the 99 percent left behind. Ac-cording to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center’s latest analysis, under the Re-publican plan, 47 percent of the tax cuts will benefit that top 1 percent, just 1.2 million households making more than $900,000 a year. Let me repeat: the top 1 percent will get nearly half of all the tax cuts in this bill, and 50 percent for the 99 per-cent. Second, the Republican plan raises taxes on 36 million middle class fami-lies. That is not what the Speaker said it was going to do. He said he would give everybody a tax cut. That was not true, and is not true. 36 million middle class American households will see their taxes go up over the next 10 years as a result of this Republican plan. And third, the Republican plan will explode the debt by more than $1.7 tril-lion over the next decade. This bill is the granddaddy of all debt creators. This means that those tax cuts, more than half of which benefit only the top 1.5 percent, will be paid for by a huge tax increase on our children and on our grandchildren. The late Senator Russell Long from Louisiana liked to cite an old ditty about who gets stuck with the pain of tax increase. He said: ‘‘Don’t tax you, don’t tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree,’’ meaning, of course, that none of the voters want a tax increase, so if you raise taxes, make sure it is someone else who is out of sight and out of mind. In this case, sadly, Mr. Speaker, that fellow behind the tree is a child. This is a tax increase on all those children. It is a child who can’t vote and doesn’t have a voice in this debate. The Republican plan asks Members to pile $1.7 trillion or more of debt onto our children and grandchildren and put the fiscal sustainability of our country at further risk. When confronted with this fact, we heard only the same argu-ments we heard in 2001 and 2003, before the last major Republican effort to cut taxes precipitated the worst recession in our memory and a period of severe budget tightening that led to disinvest-ment in our country under the threat of sequestration. That argument, flawed and false, is that these tax cuts will grow the econ-omy so much that the ensuing growth will magically erase all the deficits we know their plan will accrue. So easy, Mr. Speaker, so easy. The cuts will simply pay for themselves, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.000 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9182 November 14, 2017 
are told. We have been told that before, of course. The cycle repeats: Repub-lican promises that tax cuts will pay for themselves, followed by massive deficits, 189 percent increase in the def-icit under Ronald Reagan, followed by Republicans insisting that we respond with austere cuts to investments in our people and in our opportunity. So eas-ily they forget. But middle class Americans will not forget who is responsible when their taxes go up, when their tax increases pay for tax cuts for the top 1 percent, and when, in the years ahead, more and more investments need to be cut to pay the interest on the debt under which this plan will bury the children and grandchildren of America. And all because my colleagues across the aisle wanted to skip out on doing what they knew would be hard, just as they did when former Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp in-troduced his comprehensive tax reform that was responsibly paid for. That is Dave Camp, Republican, State of Michigan. He is retired now, but he of-fered a responsible bill, and it was not even considered by his committee. He asked his colleagues to do some-thing hard, of course, but they dis-missed it, dismissed it out of hand, be-cause it would have required hashing out a difficult compromise. But easy is no synonym for successful. President Kennedy told us that we choose these things, that is, tackling our greatest challenges, ‘‘not because they are easy, but because they are hard.’’ So I ask my Republican friends—no, I urge them, set aside this dangerous, reckless, and irresponsible bill. In-stead, let’s choose the hard path that involves hard choices and trust and all of those things that made tax reform successful in 1986, which are the miss-ing elements in this flawed bill. Mr. Speaker, Democrats are ready to sit down with you and work on this challenge, together. It won’t be easy, that is a promise, but if we do it to-gether, if we do it in a way that doesn’t balloon the debt or raise taxes on the middle class, we have a chance to do it right. Let’s take that chance. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RURAL HEALTH WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this week is Rural Health Week in the Commonwealth of Penn-sylvania. It is a time to promote awareness of the full range of issues that impact rural health throughout the State and the health status of rural Pennsylvanians. Nationally, Pennsylvania ranks as one of the States with the highest number of rural residents, with 23 per-cent of Pennsylvanians residing in rural areas. Rural communities also face unique healthcare concerns, a lack of pro-viders, accessibility issues, particu-larly in terms of transportation and technology, and affordability issues as a result of larger percentages of unin-sured and underinsured citizens and greater out-of-pocket health costs. Mr. Speaker, before I was elected to serve in the House of Representatives, I spent nearly 30 years in the nonprofit healthcare field, assisting those with life-changing diseases and disabilities. I am acutely aware of the challenges many face when it comes to obtaining reasonably priced healthcare. It is es-pecially critical for rural America, like much of the Fifth Congressional Dis-trict of Pennsylvania. We are facing a healthcare crisis in our Nation’s rural areas. These often disadvantaged populations are still struggling to access affordable, quality care. Many remain uninsured. Most are underinsured; however, access to qual-ity care remains the largest challenge. Even when people gain access to health insurance, it doesn’t equal ac-cess to care. Rural hospitals across the country are closing, leaving patients without access to their emergency rooms and long-term healthcare facili-ties. Eighty rural hospitals in the United States have closed since 2010. One in three rural hospitals are financially vulnerable. At the current closure rate, more than 25 percent of rural hospitals will close in less than a decade. In addition to hospital closures, a workforce shortage plagues rural America. Seventy-seven percent of more than 2,000 rural counties in the United States are designated as having a shortage of healthcare professionals. Recruitment and retention of experi-enced professionals, including primary care physicians, is an ongoing chal-lenge. Furthermore, the opioid crisis that is sweeping the Nation has ravaged our rural communities, leaving even more of the population in need of crucial health services. Adolescents and young adults living in rural areas are more vulnerable to opioid abuse than their urban counterparts. The prevalence of fatal drug overdoses has skyrocketed in rural areas. High unemployment and a great-er rate of the types of injuries that re-sult in prescriptions for opioid medica-tions have contributed to this. But there are ways to increase treatment options. Just last week, the House approved a bill that I introduced that would ex-pand healthcare access for our veterans through telemedicine. The bill allows VA-credentialed healthcare providers to practice telemedicine across State lines. Mr. Speaker, our veterans should re-ceive the best care possible, no matter where they are located. With advances in technology, we see new opportuni-ties for veterans to obtain coverage through telemedicine, especially in some of our most rural areas. As we celebrate National Rural Health Day this Thursday, it is my hope that we continue to strive for a 21st century healthcare system that works for everyone in America. With technology today, we have the oppor-tunity to expand services, regardless of where one resides, particularly for those in rural regions where the need is great and the services are scarce. f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S AMERICA FIRST DOCTRINE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, last week, the President visited Asia for the first time as Commander in Chief, and took the opportunity, while on foreign soil, to reiterate his America First doc-trine. I rise today because an America First doctrine mentality will not lead to suc-cess for the United States or the world. This way of thinking is an outdated, obsolete, and dangerous form of isola-tionism. It will not keep us safe. It will not make us stronger economically. Ironically, this phrase paints a pic-ture that is blatantly un-American. America First sends a signal to the global community that the United States no longer wants to carry the torch of freedom and democracy which shines brighter through inclusion and collaboration. On the national security front, the United States has the strongest mili-tary the world has known. For decades, allies have counted on the U.S. to step up to the plate to work with them to protect the shared values we hold dear. As we face numerous international challenges, both old and new, we need to put more faith and investment into our international and diplomatic insti-tutions, not weaken them. The United States did not earn its reputation as leader of the free world by standing back and allowing darker forces to pre-vail. As oppressive regimes like Russia seek to undermine democracies, includ-ing our own, America’s commitment to democracy must be stronger than ever. The President’s threats to NATO and the U.N. have caused our trusted allies to question our commitment to collec-tive defense. We know that when coun-tries work in concert, the chance of conflict decreases. b1015 Despite its challenges, globalization has led to one of the most peaceful and productive times in world history. Adopting protectionist policies would stifle this progress, and certainly won’t put America first. Our efforts to address difficult do-mestic and international challenges are not mutually exclusive. In fact, they can and should happen simulta-neously. We defeated communism, in part, by showing the world that a com-mitment to democracy and expanding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.002 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9183 November 14, 2017 
economic opportunity makes peoples’ lives better and nations more secure. Meeting our commitments overseas also makes us stronger and safer here at home. Standing up against the isolationist tide sweeping the globe is critical to preserving our leadership role. Take the President’s decision to pull out from the Paris climate agreement as another example. By abandoning our partnership with every other country in the world, the President has put our credibility and our Earth at risk. We are now the only nation not partici-pating in this historic climate pact. To reassert our integrity for global leadership, we must lead by example. This includes recalling lessons learned from earlier periods of isolationism. Relinquishing ground in this area cre-ates a vacuum which less friendly, less democratic actors are prepared and ca-pable to fill. Abdicating global leadership, prais-ing authoritarian regimes, and belit-tling allies has been a hallmark of this Presidency. This does not put America or our interests first. Our U.N. and NATO partnership should not just be honored and preserved, but strength-ened. We are serious about taking on terrorism, cybersecurity treats, and other dangers that jeopardize the peace of our planet. Instead of distinguishing between winners and losers and sowing division where it need not exist, we must acknowledge our shared goals and values with our allies around the world, because our commitment to de-mocracy and diplomacy is what has al-ways made our Nation great. 
f 
THE CIVIL AIR PATROL’S PACE OF OPERATIONS IS EXTRAORDINARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the exceptional emergency and operational contribu-tions of the Civil Air Patrol and its 58,000 volunteers. In the near future, I hope to also talk about two other pri-mary missions of the CAP: youth de-velopment and aerospace/STEM edu-cation. Literally every day, the CAP re-sponds to life-threatening emergencies, homeland security requests, and a wide range of missions for States and the Federal Government with over 500 sin-gle-engine aircraft in every State and in Puerto Rico. As an active member since 2004, I have had the privilege of flying many of these missions, so I speak from personal experience. Over the past 15 months, the CAP has responded to four hurricanes, major wildfires in the West, dozens of other emergencies, including search and res-cues, in addition to vital military mis-sions on a daily basis. The high oper-ational tempo has helped ensure that the CAP, for a second year in a row, has flown over 100,000 hours. The CAP’s pace of operations is ex-traordinary when one considers that these missions are flown by volunteer professionals who pay dues to belong to the CAP, and they must take time from their work or use their vacation times to actually fly these missions. Vital for communities and for every State are the CAP’s disaster relief op-erations. The mission is best high-lighted by the CAP’s massive volunteer response to the three recent rapid-fire hurricanes—Harvey, Irma, and Maria— that made U.S. landfall from Texas to the Virgin Islands. While additional flight hours are still expected, 2,800 hours have already been flown and nearly half a million photo-graphs have been taken for FEMA, Texas, Louisiana, Florida, South Caro-lina, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. These photos are being used to assess damage and to focus on recovery efforts. To do this, the CAP has used 118 air-craft and over 1,000 personnel from 44 wings—there is a wing for every State and Puerto Rico and D.C.—and region headquarters across the Nation. For large-scale operations, such as long- term hurricane support, the CAP often depends on the assistance of these adja-cent wings in different States and dif-ferent regions of the country. I was able to view up close and per-sonal hurricane recovery operations when I flew several sorties during Hur-ricane Harvey. On one mission, I was responsible for taking full-motion video of three dams along the Texas- Louisiana border to help establish that they were in good condition and safe for those living in surrounding areas. Those assessments could mean the dif-ference between life and death for many communities. In California, where fast-moving wildfires destroyed over 8,900 homes, the CAP continues to fly photographic missions in support of FEMA and Cali-fornia. Hundreds of sorties have been flown and 13,586 photos taken. These photos are being used to help emer-gency managers analyze the damage and assess the assistance needed by those whose homes and businesses have been damaged or destroyed. In addition to conventional photog-raphy, the CAP’s California operations have included testing a new leading- edge tactical aerial imagery system, which helped eliminate distortion in photos, making it easier for FEMA to analyze the data and making them a more effective tool for damage assess-ments. The CAP is pleased to be part of this test program, and it is expected to help improve wildfire damage assess-ments. Operational missions for the Air Force and other government agencies occur daily and without fanfare. These include, among others, being a target for Air Force interceptors, helping to train combat ground forces, and escort-ing military remotely piloted aircraft for training. Air Combat Command’s First Air Force provides operational coordination for these CAP missions, which comprise about 80 percent of the First Air Force weekly operational fly-ing. I was privileged recently to fly with the CAP Congressional Squadron on a Fertile Keynote mission. This mission is unusual, as it provides CAP aircraft as a slow-moving target for its Air Force pilots to practice interception techniques. The Congressional Squad-ron is unique, as it includes Members of Congress and congressional staff who fly with CAP airmen. Our mission that day was to simulate a general aviation aircraft that was in controlled airspace without permis-sion. Two F–16 Vipers scrambled from Joint Base Andrews to find and defi-nitely intercept us. These missions pro-vide excellent training at a fraction of the cost to the government, and they are very valuable in training our great men and women who wear Air Force uniforms. Another key mission is to help train ground combat soldiers who are about to deploy overseas. Two CAP squadrons are tasked with providing this support. Mr. Speaker, I will certainly con-tinue this discussion later. f 
THE REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) for 5 minutes. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, it usually takes time to uncover a tax scam, but this graph tells the whole story of the Republican tax bill in a glance. If the House bill passes, in 2018, taxes will probably go down, taxes for indi-viduals; and that is the blue line. In-come taxes will probably go down. So far so good. But follow the blue line for average U.S. taxpayers after 2019 and you will see income taxes from 2020 to 2027, the end of the time frame for this bill, go up. In fact, from 2019 to 2027, we see tax increases for average taxpayers. There is the blue line, and we see these in-creases take off steeply for average taxpayers. Now follow the red line for business income taxes. Business income taxes, like individual taxes, start off by going down, too. That means tax cuts. There they go. By 2020, business taxes, like individual income taxes, are still most-ly level or going down. Then at 2020, business income taxes increase—the same with individual in-come taxes. Both go up. Then comes 2024. This is the divide line; the great divide between business income taxes and individual income taxes. Business income taxes turn abruptly down—there they go; there is the red line—while individual income taxes, just as abruptly, turn steeply up. There is the blue line. Individual tax increases. The graph showing individual income taxes going up is this blue line, but it represents what is happening in blue States and red States alike. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.005 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9184 November 14, 2017 
The bottom line for individual tax-payers—less than half of taxpayers get anything approaching a permanent tax cut, and an additional one-third have their tax liability changed by $100 or less. That adds up for most Americans to tax increases. Business taxes go down. Here is the red line. Individual taxes, your taxes, you pay more, they go up, your taxes and mine. The Republican plan is a tax increase bill for average Americans. Defeat the Republican tax bill to keep taxes from going up for average Americans who pay taxes in our country today. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF TRANSGENDER AWARENESS WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Transgender Aware-ness Week to bring attention to the challenges that transgender individuals still face today. Our great country was founded on the values of opportunity and freedom. Un-fortunately, we hear about bills and a public discourse that only seek to di-vide and discriminate against this vul-nerable population. Transgender individuals are active members of our community. They are our friends, our neighbors, and our children. As the mother of a transgender son, I know that there is a great need for public understanding of gender iden-tity. These are Americans who have the same hopes, the same dreams as ev-erybody else, and should not be treated differently from their peers. Mr. Speaker, the reality is that transgender Americans around the country work hard and want to succeed and provide for themselves and their families. They deserve to be fully pro-tected under our laws. We must come together as a country to say no to prejudice, no to discrimi-nation, and no to harassment. That be-gins by respecting, by accepting, and by embracing each individual. 
CONGRATULATIONS TO DR . EDUARDO PADRON  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Dr. Eduardo Padron on being selected into the board of trustees of the Urban Insti-tute. The Urban Institute is among our Na-tion’s leading public policy think tanks, with a mission to open minds, to shape decisions, and to offer solutions. It is not hard to see why it selected Dr. Padron as its board member. Dr. Padron serves as the president of my alma mater, Miami Dade College, and he has dedicated his life and his career to advocate on behalf of underserved populations. Throughout his presidency, Miami Dade College has been propelled into a position of national prominence, and it is a shining example for how a college can bring about real and positive change in a community. Dr. Padron’s efforts and strong record of service have helped transform the lives of many in my community of south Florida, and I am confident that his tenure at the Urban Institute will be a successful one. Once again, Dr. Padron, ‘‘felicidades,’’ ‘‘congratulations.’’ b1030 RECOGNIZING STANLEY TATE FOR HIS PUBLIC  
SERVICE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay recognition to a true Florida icon, Mr. Stanley Tate. Hailing from Miami, Stanley is a man committed to public service and helping those who need it most. He has dedicated his life to serving as a voice for the voiceless and has never ceased to put the needs of others before his own. I am proud to have had the oppor-tunity to have worked extensively with Mr. Tate throughout my time in the Florida State Legislature. Together, we pioneered many great initiatives, including the creation of the Florida Prepaid College Plan that is our Na-tion’s premier savings plan to improve opportunities in the Sunshine State and advance higher education. In addition to his many accomplish-ments, Stanley has remained a strong advocate for our Nation’s leading and closest ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel. He has remained stead-fast in his commitment to fight issues like BDS and anti-Semitism, and I join him in his fight toward equality and acceptance for all. Mr. Speaker, I wish Stanley Tate the best in his future endeavors, and I thank him for his tireless service to our community. 
ISSUES ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to renew my commitment to addressing the many issues associated with climate change and to urge my colleagues to help be part of the answer by joining the bipartisan Climate Solu-tions Caucus. My home district of Miami has expe-rienced the impact of climate change firsthand. In Miami Beach, my con-stituents experienced ever-more fre-quent king tides that flood the streets with saltwater. Across all of south Florida, beaches and coastlines con-tinue to erode away. These are just a few of the examples of the real con-sequences of sea level rise, which is a direct consequence of climate change. These facts cannot be ignored. I would like to thank our colleagues Congressmen C
ARLOS CURBELO and T ED D
EUTCH , the founders and co-chairs of this important caucus, for recognizing that we cannot afford to ignore climate change any longer. It is not just a Flor-ida issue. It impacts our entire coun-try. I am proud to be a part of this di-verse group of Members seeking to an-swer some of the most difficult ques-tions associated with climate change and work on practical solutions to mitigate its effects and build a more resilient nation. f 
REJECT THE TAX BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, after a treacherous extended game of hide- and-seek, Republicans this week are rushing through this House a wretched tax bill. The future of this sneak at-tack on America depends upon how quickly the truth can catch up with so many lies. This bill is just a way to curry favor with Washington’s special interests, awarding tax windfalls to large multi-national corporations and the fortu-nate few who sit way up atop the eco-nomic ladder. ‘‘Don’t worry,’’ Republicans say. ‘‘What middle class people lose to pay for this unbalanced tax cut, will even-tually trickle down. With a little fairy dust magically, it will appear in your pocket, and you will get more than ever.’’ This is a massive corporate tax break where the tail is wagging the dog of a corporate tax break. The Republican gimmick that Americans are being asked to swallow is the same experi-ence we have had previously. The mid-dle class will not enjoy the benefits of this bill. Both history and arithmetic tell us that. First, they are borrowing this money—much of it—to finance this tax break from the Chinese and the Saudis, and others whom we have looked to to pay for our immense national debt in the past. Second, we know from experience that tax breaks like this do not create lasting jobs. But it is even worse than all of that because Republicans are cre-ating a special new loophole for out-sourcing so many more American jobs. Candidate Trump, last year, made a central theme about protecting Amer-ican jobs and stopping outsourcing, but he has endorsed a tax bill that does just the opposite. It creates a gaping new loophole to encourage greater out-sourcing of our jobs and our profits abroad. Here is how it all works: A multinational investor has a choice to make. Do I invest with new manufacturing in San Antonio, or do I choose Stuttgart or Shanghai? If I in-vest in America under their proposal, it will be a 20 percent tax on my prof-its; but if I invest abroad in Shanghai or in Stuttgart, the most I pay is 10 cents on the dollar, and more likely, I don’t pay anything because of the way this bill is constructed. The bill will create some new jobs, no doubt, but it is a mighty long commute to Europe or Asia to get one of those jobs. With the help of Washington’s special interests, they have rigged up an even more complex international tax-dodg-ing system that pretends to tax foreign investment at half the U.S. rate. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9185 November 14, 2017 
fact, it permits many of these compa-nies to funnel even more of their prof-its into tax havens where their liabil-ity in America will end up being zero, and much of their profit will not be taxed anywhere, by anybody. Whatever happened to making Amer-ica great? For Republicans, it is not enough to reward future tax dodging. No. They want to go back and reward tax dodg-ing from the past. And we sure have had plenty of that because, for years, large multinational firms have ex-ploited these island tax havens, setting up artificial offices in the Bahamas or the Caymans to get their tax bill down to little or nothing, leaving working families and those American-oriented businesses, small businesses, large do-mestic-oriented businesses, to pay the bill for our national security that they decline to pay. The recent revelations of the Panama Papers and, more recently, the Para-dise Papers, have exposed how these companies use these tax laws. How did the Republicans respond? By granting multinationals with hoards of taxes that they hold in separate ac-counts they call offshore but sit right there on Wall Street, by letting them pay less than half of what they owe at a rate much lower than most middle- class families pay. It is another Repub-lican myth meant to convince working families to go along with this proposal. Many of these profits come from those companies that claim they are trapped offshore, but it is only the American people who are trapped by this pro-posal. Goldman Sachs, itself, has said repa-triation is likely to have a limited ef-fect because repatriated earnings are already working here for domestic ac-tivities. There is nothing patriotic about repatriation. This is a tax bill borne by the middle class to benefit the wealthy few and these multinationals, to reward them for what they have been doing in the past, and it must be rejected. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DIRECTOR GLENN COSTIE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
URNER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. TURNER. Madam Speaker, today I rise to thank and honor an integral member of my community, Director Glenn Costie of the Dayton VA Medical Center, and congratulate him on his re-tirement. Director Costie turned the Dayton VA into one of the top medical facili-ties for our veterans in the country. Director Costie’s success as a director of the VA Medical Center in Dayton has gained him national recognition. He has been sent throughout the coun-try to save multiple VA medical facili-ties plagued with issues, particularly including veteran patient backlogs. Furthermore, Director Costie has worked tirelessly to integrate the Day-ton VA into our community to serve our veterans in a way that it hadn’t in several decades. Director Costie’s time at the VA has been dedicated to bettering the lives of our veterans. I was very honored to work with Di-rector Costie on the issue of bringing creative housing options for Dayton’s veterans, a place known as Lyons Place II. We also worked together on the suc-cessful campaign to bring the VA Na-tional Archives to Dayton. Director Costie’s leadership and ex-pertise will be deeply missed at the Dayton VA. I wish to thank him, give him all the best, and look forward to what he will be doing in his leadership in the future in our community, and I thank him again for everything he has done for Dayton veterans. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO AMINA OKUYEVA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Kaptur) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a freedom fighter, a beloved mother of her embattled coun-try, Ukraine, Amina Okuyeva. Amina Okuyeva was killed on Octo-ber 30 in a cowardly act. Hitmen fired on Amina and her husband, Adam Osmayev, from behind bushes as they drove by. Amina was struck in the head. The world lost a brave and beau-tiful soul, but her loss will not be in vain. Born in the southern Ukrainian city of Odessa, Amina was a mother, a med-ical surgeon, a Ukrainian police lieu-tenant, and a Muslim activist known for her stance on equal rights for men and women in uniform. She was a born leader. At the start of the Euromaidan movement, Amina joined the peaceful protest in Ukraine in the bitter cold, a protest against re-pression. To show solidarity, she lived with her husband on the streets in a tent. When Russia illegally invaded Cri-mea in eastern Ukraine, Amina was the first woman to join the Kyiv-2 volun-teer battalion. She was awarded the Hero of Ukraine Medal to honor her bravery at the battle of Debatsevo in the grizzly fight against Russian ag-gression. She fought valiantly towards progress and against oppression. Her bravery symbolizes the extraordinary strength of Ukrainian women as the fountainhead of that society, holding the country together during significant duress. With her assassination, the world has yet again witnessed how the enemy of democracy will stop at nothing to si-lence those who stand for freedom and justice. Amina had been a target before due to her unyielding patriotism. A failed attempt occurred in June when an assassin, pretending to be a jour-nalist, shot at her. Tragically, evil per-sisted, and on Monday, October 30, it succeeded in snuffing out the beauty of Amina and wounded her husband, but her spirit endures larger than life itself. Amina is one of many fallen victims to Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine and its clandestine efforts to snuff out championships of freedom. The list in-cludes Nikolai Andrushchenko, Nikolai Volkov, Denis Voronenkov, and numer-ous other valiant souls who placed their lives forward in liberty’s strug-gle. I include in the RECORD an extensive list of lives purged by Kremlin-related assassinations. 
LIST OF KREMLIN -RELATED ASSASSINATIONS  
ORATTACKS  ‘‘Two common causes of death for contem-porary Russians are heart attacks and fall-ing to one’s end from great heights. In some cases, these fatal events actually even have something to do with high cholesterol or tragic mishaps.‘‘—journalist Michael Weiss, Daily Beast 
2017 April 19—Nikolai Andrushchenko, a 73- year-old Russian journalist who openly criti-cized President Vladimir Putin’s administra-tion died just over a month after he was at-tacked and beaten by unknown aggressors. The Novy Peterburg founder died in a St. Pe-tersburg hospital from injuries attributed the 9 March 2017 attack. Andrushchenko, a former St. Petersburg city council member, was placed in a medical coma after suffering major blunt trauma to his head, but never recovered. March 27—Nikolai Volkov, head of the Russian Interior Ministry’s construction de-partment was shot dead in Moscow in a resi-dential neighborhood near his home at 10.30pm. A man was seen grabbing Vokov’s bag and then shooting him before fleeing. Police, who stated that the body was riddled with bullets, also stated that they believed the motive to be robbery, further suggesting that they did not ‘‘believe’’ that the killing ‘‘was directly related’’ to Volkov’s job. March 23—Denis Voronenkov, 45, Russian politician who fled to Ukraine gunned down outside hotel in Kyiv. March 21—Nikolai Gorokhov, 53, was thrown/pushed head first from fourth story window. Russian security services claim, ‘‘he fell’’ trying to move a bathtub that was being lifted over a balcony. Experts have re-plied that when people ‘‘fall’’ from a balcony accidentally, it is almost never headfirst. Unidentified workers were on the balcony. Gorokhov represented Sergei Magnitsky, a fellow Russian lawyer who exposed Russia’s largest ever tax fraud. Gorokhov was set to testify in Moscow against investigator in Magnitsky case. He was also consultant for Preet Bharara’s anti-Russian mob case in New York. He remains in intensive care, in a coma, with severe head injuries. March 16—Yevgeny Khamaganov, 35, died in Buryatia from injuries (blunt force head trauma) suffered from when he was attacked on March 10 after reporting on corruption in Siberia. March 2—Alex Oronov, 69, died of unex-plained circumstances, apparently a heart attack. His daughter is married to brother of Michael Cohen, Trump’s longtime ‘‘consigliere.’’ Ukrainian parliamentarian Andrii Artemenko asked Oronov to set up a meeting in late January with Michael Cohen, where they were joined by former Trump Or-ganization employee Felix Sater, a known mobster and supposed FBI informant. Oronov/Artemenko presented Mr. Cohen with a peace plan for settling territorial disputes between Russia and Ukraine, giving full con-trol of Crimea to Putin, as well as allegedly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.022 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9186 November 14, 2017 
compromising information on Petro Poroshenko, that they hoped would force Poroshenko’s resignation. Mr. Cohen took their plan and their compromising informa-tion and forwarded to then-National Secu-rity Advisor Michael Flynn. February 20—Amb. Vitaly Churkin, 64, Russia’s ambassador to the United Nations, died of an apparent heart attack; autopsy proved inconclusive. February 2—Journalist and opposition pol-itician Vladimir Kara Murza became vio-lently ill and temporarily paralyzed for 2nd time in less than two years due to poisoning. VKM father, in an apparent effort to save his son from Russian authorities, continues to deny that he was poisoned. However, VKM and VKM wife state that it was purposefully effort to poison. VKM wife stated that in 2015 after murder of Nemtsov, a VKM colleague, Russian special services did not want to out-right kill her husband with the first poi-soning did not want to kill him, only ‘‘frighten him and destroy him slowly with illness.’’ However, now they believe they did want to kill him and effort failed since VKM was taken to doctor immediately after show-ing symptoms. VKM left Russia on Feb. 19 and is now in the U.S. Recently testified at a congressional hearing on the Russian oppo-sition. January 26—Amb. Alexander Kadakin, 67, Russian envoy to India, died after a short ill-ness. There was nothing ‘‘special or extraor-dinary’’ about the circumstances that led to his death said his assistant. January 25—Russian newspaper Kommersant reported the arrests of three men: Sergei Mikhailov, who heads the Cen-ter for Information Security, an arm of the Russian intelligence agency FSB; and Ruslan Stoyanov, a senior researcher with Kaspersky Lab, the computer security com-pany. Both men were last seen the first week of December when in a Stalin-style touch, a bag was suddenly thrown over Mikhailov’s head during a meeting of fellow intelligence officers, and he was dragged out. Mikhailov has not been seen since. And is now almost certainly dead. Sergei Mikhailo was believed to have been a U.S. intelligence asset within the Russian government. The third arrest was of Dmitry Dokuchayev, a hacker known by the name ‘‘Forb.’’ January 9—Amb. Andrey Malanin, 54, Rus-sian envoy in Greece, was found dead in his apartment in Athens on bedroom floor. Greek police stated that ‘‘at first sight’’ it appears he died suddenly from natural causes. No autopsy was performed, although that is standard procedure when a diplomat dies. 
2016 December 26—Oleg Erovinkin, 61, Russian intelligence official found dead in the back-seat of his car parked on the streets of Mos-cow. Russian government agencies have not released an official cause of death. He was a former general in the FSB and served as chief-of-staff to Igor Sechin, the president of state-owned oil giant Rosneft. Russia watch-ers have speculated that he might have been a source of information in the 35-page dossier that detailed alleged links between the Trump campaign and Russia. December 20—Amb. Andrey Karlov, 62, Russian ambassador to Turkey, fatally shot in the back in Ankara. The shooter, a Turk-ish police officer, shouted ‘‘do not forget Syria’’ during the assassination. December 20—Petr Polshikov, 56, a senior Russian diplomat, was shot to death in his Moscow home, Polshikov’s wife came home and found him in their bedroom with a pil-low over his face. Underneath the pillow, po-lice found Polshikov with a head wound. Russian Foreign Ministry said Polshikov’s death was likely an accident and had noth-ing to do with his official government duties. November 8—Sergei Krivov, 63, Russian of-ficial in NYC dies on U.S. Election Day. Kirvov worked for the FSB, his cover in the U.S. at the Russian consulate was ‘‘security guard.’’ On November 8, NYC police received a 911 call from the Russian consulate. Emer-gency responders declared him dead at the scene. Krivovhad served in the consulate as duty commander involved with security af-fairs. Russian consular officials first said Krivov fell from the roof. Then, they said he died of a heart attack. The initial police re-port filed on the day of the incident said Krivov was found ‘‘with an unknown trauma to the head.’’ After conducting an autopsy, New York City Medical Examiner ruled that Krivov died from bleeding in the chest area. August—The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) announced that Russian runner Yulia Stepanova’s online doping manage-ment account had been illegally accessed. The doping scandal, for which she blew off the lid, rocked sport and cost over 100 Rus-sians their place at the Rio Games. The Rus-sian runner says she fears for her life and has been forced to move after hackers tried to find her location. Stepanova has been in hid-ing in the United States with her husband Vitaly, a former Russian anti-doping official, after giving evidence that the Russian gov-ernment for years facilitated widespread cheating across nearly all Olympic sports. July—Interfax news agency reported that Aleksandr Poteyev, 64, an intelligence offi-cer accused of defecting and betraying a ring of Russian spies living undercover in Amer-ican suburbs, had died in the United States. However, the U.S. has not confirmed these reports. Poteyev exposed Anna Chapman and gang of 10, after defecting and entered wit-ness protection. February 14—Nikita Kamaev, 52, a former executive director of the Russian anti-doping agency died suddenly apparently of a heart attack according to TASS. He planned to write a book on drug use in sports Britain’s Sunday Times newspaper reported. February 3—Vyacheslav Sinev, 52, a former general director, Russian anti-doping agency died suddenly. Official cause of death was never released. January 14—Grigory Rodchenkov, 58, the director who ran the laboratory that handled testing for thousands of Russian Olympians and who developed a three-drug cocktail of banned substances that he mixed with liquor and provided to dozens of Russian athletes, helping to facilitate one of the most elabo-rate—and successful—doping ploys in sports history, fled to the U.S., seeking asylum and protective custody. Within the next month, two of his colleagues died. January 4—Col. Gen. Igor Sergun, 59, the head of the GRU (Russia’s military intel-ligence directorate), who has long done se-cretive dirty work at the order of the Krem-lin in the war against Ukraine died suddenly. No information provided as to cause of death. 
2015 December 27—Major General Aleksandr Shushukin, 52, deputy chief of staff of the Russian paratrooper forces and who led the Russian military invasion in Crimea died suddenly. Blood clots to the heart, Kremlin announced. November 5—Mikhail Lesin, 57, found dead in his Dupont Circle hotel room in Wash-ington DC. A year later, in October 2016, the Washington DC medical examiner’s office confirmed that former Russian press min-ister died of ‘‘blunt force trauma to the head’’ and also suffered injuries to his neck, torso, arms and legs caused by falls, however determined the cause of death to be acci-dental due to extreme inebriation. Lesin founded the television network Russia Today (RT). The Daily Beast reports that before his death, Lesin was considering making a deal with the FBI to protect himself from corrup-tion charges. Lesin had been at the heart of political life in Russia and would have known a lot about the inner workings of the rich and powerful. May—Vladimir Kara Marza, opposition journalist, deputy of Open Russia poisoned for the first time. February—Boris Nemtsov—just hours after urging the public to join a march against Russia’s military involvement in Ukraine, Nemtsov was shot four times in the back by an unknown assailant within view of the Kremlin. Putin took ‘‘personal control’’ of the investigation into Nemtsov’s murder, but the killer remains at large. 2013 March 23—Billionaire Boris Berezovsky, instrumental in Putin’s rise to power, had a falling out with Putin which led to his self- exile in the United Kingdom, where he vowed to bring down the president. Berezovsky was found dead inside a locked bathroom at his home in the United Kingdom, a noose around his neck, in what was at first deemed a sui-cide. However, the coroner’s office could not determine the cause of death. 
2012 Alexander Perepilichny, 44, a former mem-ber of the Klyuev Group, dropped dead while jogging in his adoptive home of Surrey, Eng-land. There was no cause of death stated, but the assumption by the British coroner’s ini-tial finding was that nothing looked sus-picious, even though Perepilichny was a healthy 44-year-old with no known chronic or debilitating ailments. Then Monique Simmonds, a researcher at the Royal Bo-tanic Gardens at Kew, hired by the coroner at the behest of Perepilichny’s life insurance company, uncovered traces of a rare and toxic plant, gelsemium, in the victim’s stom-ach. Gelsemium, as it turns out, does not grow in the verdant climes of Surrey. It is only found in China, where it is a favored poison of assassins. Russian hitmen, too, have been known to access the flower’s quiet, lethal capability. At the time of his death, Perepilichny had been helping the Swiss government locate and freeze chunks of the missing $230 million, some of which, the U.S. government concluded, wound up in Manhattan real estate and American banks. 
2009 November 16—Sergei Magnitsky, anti-cor-ruption attorney died in police custody in Moscow detention center after allegedly being brutally beaten, then denied medical care. He had been working for British-Amer-ican businessman William Browder to inves-tigate a massive tax fraud case. Magnitsky was allegedly arrested after uncovering evi-dence suggesting that police officials were behind the fraud. July 15—Natalya Estemirova was kid-napped outside her home, shot several times—including a point-blank shot in the head—and dumped in the nearby woods. A journalist who investigated abductions and murders that had become commonplace in Chechnya where pro-Russian security forces waged a brutal crackdown against Islamic militants. Like fellow journalist Anna Politkovskaya, Estemirova reported on ci-vilians who often got caught between these two violent forces. Nobody has been con-victed of her murder. January 19—Stanislav Markelov a human rights lawyer known for representing Chechen civilians in human rights cases again the Russian military. He also rep-resented journalists who found themselves in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.004 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9187 November 14, 2017 
legal trouble after writing articles critical of Putin, including Novaya Gazeta reporter Anna Politkovskaya, slain in 2006. Markelov was shot by a masked gunman near the Kremlin. January 19—Anastasia Baburova, a jour-nalist from Novaya Gazeta, was fatally shot as she tried to help Stanislav Markelov. Rus-sian authorities said a neo-Nazi group was behind the killings, and two members were convicted of the deaths. 
2008 Semyon Korobeinikov, allegedly a clothing salesman, lost his footing on a balcony and tumbled to his demise. A year later, Korobeinikov was named as the purchaser of Universal Savings Bank, a dubious financial institution that had been fingered by inves-tigators as a way-station for stolen Russian money. Only he didn’t buy the bank. It was part of a government ruse to exonerate the true owner, an ex-convict called Dmitry Klyuev, implicated in a series of massive tax frauds that cost Russian citizens $1 billion. Korobeinikov might have therefore borne witness against Klyuev, if he wasn’t conven-iently dead. 
2006 November 23—Alexander Litvinenko, a former KGB agent, died three weeks after drinking a cup of tea laced with deadly polo-nium-210 at a London hotel. A British in-quiry found that Litvinenko was poisoned by Russian agents Andrei Lugovoi and Dmitry Kovtun, who were acting on orders that had ‘‘probably been approved by President Putin.’’ Russia refused to extradite them, and in 2015 the Russian president granted Lugovoi a medal for ‘‘services to the mother-land.’’ After leaving the Russian Federal Se-curity Service, Litvinenko became a vocal critic of the agency, which was run by Putin, and later blamed the security service for or-chestrating a series of apartment bombings in Russia in 1999 that left hundreds dead. October 7—Anna Politkovskaya, a Russian reporter for Novaya Gazeta whose book, ‘‘Putin’s Russia,’’ accused the Kremlin lead-er of turning the country into a police state. She wrote extensively about abuse in Chechnya. She was shot at point-blank range in an elevator in her building. 
2004 July 9—Paul Klebnikov, chief editor of the Russian edition of Forbes. He had written about corruption and dug into the lives of wealthy Russians. He was killed in a drive- by shooting in an apparent contract killing. 
2003 October—Mikhail Khodorkovsky jailed for ten years. Sergei Yushenkov, the affable former army colonel, had just registered his Liberal Rus-sia movement as a political party when he was gunned down outside his home in Mos-cow. Yushenkov was gathering evidence he believed proved that the Putin government was behind one of the apartment bombings in 1999. July 3—Yuri Shchekochikhin, a Duma dep-uty, journalist and author who wrote about crime and corruption in the former Soviet Union. He was investigating the 1999 apart-ment bombings for Novaya Gazeta when he contracted a mysterious illness in July 2003. He died suddenly, a few days before he was supposed to depart for the United States. His medical documents were deemed classified by Russian authorities. April 17—Sergiey Yushenkov, 52, the affa-ble former army colonel, who had just reg-istered his Liberal Russia movement as a po-litical party was gunned down outside his home in Moscow. Yushenkov was gathering evidence he believed proved that the Putin government was behind one of the apartment bombings in 1999. He was shot three times in the back by a single assailant using a pistol with a silencer, police said. It was the 10th killing of a member of parliament since 1994. INTERNATIONAL PRESS INSTITUTE FIGURES ON  
RUSSIAN JOURNALISTS WHO WERE MURDERED  
OR DIED IN SUSPICIOUS CIRCUMSTANCES  2011—three Russian journalists dead (in-cluding newspaper editor Khadzhimurad Kamalov, shot 14 times as he left his office); 2010—two dead; 2009—five dead (including a young reporter from Novaya Gazeta, caught in a hail of bullets); 2008—four dead; 2007— one killed; 2006—two killed, including Anna Politkovskaya, and Yevgeny Gerasimenko— found in his Saratov flat with a plastic bag pulled over his head and computer missing; 2005—two died; 2004—three, including Paul Klebnikov; 2003—three more; 2002—eight edi-tor (including Valery Ivanov, editor, shot in the head); 2001—one; 2000—six dead reporters and editors. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Speaker, it is hard for people of goodwill to imagine the depth of depravity that Russia’s malevolent dictators will stoop to to serve the narrow, pecuniary, and polit-ical interests of the few at the price of the many. Dr. Timothy Snyder, in his extraor-dinary book, ‘‘Bloodlands,’’ recounts the intergenerational human tragedy wrought by Russian dictators, citing the 14 million civilians, women, chil-dren, and families, who were murdered at Russia’s hand in eastern and central Europe. Vladimir Putin is the latest dictator in a long line of them, and, sadly, this dark history from Stalin to Putin con-tinues today. It is instructive that Putin, himself, has written that his grandfather was a trusted cook for Jo-seph Stalin, working inside the belly of the beast of tyranny. That is the cocoon from which Rus-sia’s Putin has emerged. And now add to those millions of deaths over 10,000 Ukrainian soldiers killed by Russia, with thousands upon tens of thousands more wounded and over 2 million peo-ple displaced inside Ukraine, a country that simply wants to be free. As co-chair of the bipartisan House Congressional Ukrainian Caucus, I can attest our Members are committed to holding Russia accountable for tyran-nical and malevolent activity in Ukraine, and even here in the United States. Madam Speaker, I rise in pursuit of justice for Amina Okuyeva and in soli-darity with other freedom fighters in Ukraine. Let her bravery in life serve as an inspiration to us all, and let the international community stand with Ukraine, shoulder to shoulder, as we continue to fight back against Russia’s invasion of a sovereign nation fighting for a future free of state-sponsored murder and occupation. 
f 
b1045 GIVE THEM A CHANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ) for 5 min-utes. Mrs. HARTZLER. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of an important bill that could help so many families with loved ones struggling with life- threatening diseases. I am talking about the Right to Try Act which would allow terminally ill patients to request access to experimental drugs after all other available treatment op-tions have been exhausted as well as prevent the Federal Government from interfering with States that have al-ready passed such laws. While Missouri passed a right-to-try law in 2014, I was reminded of the im-portance of this bill just last year. As I was returning to my office one morn-ing after votes on the House floor, I was stopped by a little boy, Zack Mongiello, who ran after me to catch my attention. Zack, who is only 11 years old, is one of the most effective advocates for the right-to-try cam-paign. His father, Frank, was diagnosed with ALS a few years ago. This devastating disease has an aver-age life expectancy of 2 to 5 years, with half of those diagnosed surviving for only 3 years. Ever since that life- changing diagnosis, Zack’s family, in-cluding his mother and five siblings, have been doing all they can to ensure passage of this important bill. When Zack came running up to me that day last year, his message was clear and powerful: ‘‘My dad is dying,’’ he said. ‘‘Please help.’’ I was incredibly moved by this, as I think anyone would be. Here is his picture. This precious little boy, whose family is dealing with the unimaginable, convinced me and numerous other legislators of the ur-gency of this legislation. We must act now. I want Congress to help Zack’s fam-ily and other families who have no other options. Washington should not stand in the way of Americans with life-ending illnesses who want to try to save themselves and have no other available options. That is why I am a proud cosponsor of the Right to Try Act and was glad to see the Senate pass their version of this bill. It is now time for the House to act, and I call on my colleagues to support this potentially lifesaving leg-islation. Please join me so that we can give families like Zack’s more options and hopefully more time. f 
IMPEACHMENT PROCESS UPDATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Madam Speaker, it is always an honor to speak here in the well of the House of the Congress of the United States of Amer-ica. I do want to compliment you, Madam Speaker. I heard your state-ments earlier, and I would like to asso-ciate myself with the portion of your statement that dealt with transgender persons. Madam Speaker, I stand before the world today with an impeachment up-date. I have previously indicated that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.005 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9188 November 14, 2017 
there will be a vote on an impeachment resolution before Christmas. I stand by this. To this end, I will be meeting with appropriate members of House leadership this week to discuss the no-tification process. I want people to un-derstand how this process works. I will have the opportunity to read the Articles of Impeachment from the well of the House. After this is done, there will be a time set for me to present them again before the House. It must be done twice. When that time is set, I will have to be notified of the time. I don’t set the time. I have to re-spond at the appropriate time. For me to respond at the appropriate time, ap-propriate notice has to be given to me. This is why I will be meeting with House leadership so that we can discuss the means by which appropriate notice will be given to me. We want to make sure there is no confusion about this process and no confusion as to how the notice is to be accorded to me. I will meet with leadership to ascer-tain how the appropriate notice will be accorded to me so that I may present the Articles of Impeachment a second time so that, thereafter, there will be a vote on these Articles of Impeachment. Because the system is such that it can be difficult to understand how peo-ple have actually voted, I want you to know that those who vote with me and those who are supportive of advancing the cause of impeachment, I will be proud to announce who they are, and I will give Members further updates as to how this will take place. But I want to assure every American that this vote on Articles of Impeach-ment will take place before Christmas, and that this vote will be about the in-citement of hate, about how the coun-try is being pushed back, and how America is better than the direction that someone seeks to push us forward into. This is a great country, and we can-not tolerate hate. This may be one of the few times in the history of the country that persons will be given the opportunity to take a stand against hate by casting the appropriate vote in the Congress of the United States of America. I will give future updates on im-peachment from this podium. I am al-ways honored to stand in the well of the United States House of Representa-tives. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FIRST LIEUTENANT PATRICK J. M
CNULTY, JR. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize First Lieuten-ant Patrick J. McNulty, Jr., one of my constituents who, on Friday, November 3, received the Silver Star Medal, which is our Nation’s third highest award for heroism in combat during the Vietnam war. On November 7, 1967, Lieutenant McNulty was serving as an artillery forward observer when his unit was at-tacked. Lieutenant McNulty called in accurate fire on multiple enemy posi-tions, while also directing friendly units. Even after being seriously wounded, Lieutenant McNulty contin-ued to fight. As the enemy began to re-treat, Lieutenant McNulty organized the effort to provide aid to his wounded comrades. Lieutenant McNulty’s ac-tions saved lives. Lieutenant McNulty returned home to his wife and raised his children. He purchased a home in Sellersville where he has now lived for 46 years. He earned an MBA from Temple University, worked for the Ford Motor Company, and has been an active member of our community. His story continues to in-spire us all. Madam Speaker, I offer to this body Patrick’s personal motto, the same as Navy Seabees: ‘‘The difficult we do now, the impossible takes a little longer.’’ HONORING THE LIFE AND MEMORY OF BERNIE  
LENS  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and mem-ory of Bernie Lens, who passed away in May. In his 96 years, Bernie lived a life that impacted a great number of people in our community. Today, months after his passing, his impact is still felt. In 1939, Bernie enlisted in the Army to fight the war in Europe. During his time there, serving in Patton’s Third Army, he helped to liberate Dachau concentration camp. After the war, he returned home and went about his life, rarely talking about what he had seen, until one day he began to share his story. He was known in our community for his talks with students in schools and commu-nity centers working to ensure the hor-rors of what he saw at Dachau were not forgotten and would never happen again. People gravitated toward him due to his quick wit and his warm de-meanor. He worked closely with the Holo-caust Remembrance Program of Post 697 of the Jewish War Veterans in Levittown, Bucks County, which con-tinues his work today. Bernie found incredible purpose from a dark experience in his life, a lesson that we can all benefit from. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 54 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. PRAYER Reverend Dr. Anthony K.R. Gibson, African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church, Indianapolis, Indiana, offered the following prayer: On this day and before this august body, we pause to prayerfully acknowl-edge Your presence in this place as the living God. There is none like You. Your dominion will never recess, and Your will will never end. On this day, O God, saturate this place with Your presence and fill this House with Your spirit. You have not given us the spirit of fear. You have given us the spirit of love, the spirit of compassionate authority, and the spir-it of godly judgment. Holy Spirit, touch the hearts of our elected officials. Let everything done in this Chamber be for Your glory and for Your praise. We bless You in ad-vance for the mercy and truth that will permeate from this House on this day and reach all areas of these United States and, indeed, the uttermost parts of the world. In Jesus’ name we pray. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SCHRADER led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND DR. ANTHONY K.R. GIBSON The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C
AR-
SON) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to welcome my con-stituent as our guest chaplain today, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.011 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9189 November 14, 2017 
Reverend Dr. Anthony Gibson. He is a lifelong Hoosier and a bright young leader from Indiana’s faith community. Reverend Gibson is the presiding elder of the Indiana Conference of the African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church and the former pastor of the Saint Mark Temple AME Zion Church in Indianapolis, Indiana. The AME Zion Church is a 221-year-old denomination founded in New York City in 1796 that spread across the country, including the Indiana church that was estab-lished in 1907. Dr. Gibson was born in Gary, Indiana. He later attended Indiana University in Bloomington, where he completed a double major in journalism and Afri-can-American Studies. He furthered his education at the Presbyterian Theo-logical Seminary in Louisville, Ken-tucky, with a master’s of divinity de-gree, and he earned his doctorate of philosophy in theology from Trinity Bible College and Seminary. He most recently graduated from Strayer Uni-versity with a master’s degree in human resource management, with a specialization in organizational devel-opment. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Reverend Dr. Gibson for his willingness to travel to Washington, D.C., to share his spiritual love and guidance with the House today. I pray, Mr. Speaker, that his words warm the hearts of my colleagues as we work together to carry out the peo-ple’s business with compassion and courage. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF BRIAN LACEFIELD AS KENTUCKY FARM SERVICE AGENCY DIRECTOR (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Brian Lacefield, who was recently confirmed by President Trump as Kentucky’s new Farm Service Agency director. I am thrilled to recognize such a prolific member of the agriculture community as Kentucky’s new FSA director. Brian Lacefield was a successful area agriculture banker and agribusiness leader, most recently serving as mar-ket president of FNB Bank in Cadiz, Kentucky. A Hopkinsville native, Lacefield previously served as director of Commonwealth Agri-Finance with Hopkinsville Elevator, and he cur-rently serves on the Kentucky Corn Growers board of directors, the Ken-tucky FFA Foundation, and the Ken-tucky Agricultural Leadership Pro-gram. I commend President Trump’s selec-tion of Lacefield to serve in such an important capacity. The FSA plays a vital role in the Commonwealth’s agriculture under-takings. Just last year, the agency was responsible for more than $330 million of payments and loans to Kentucky farmers. I am grateful our new director brings with him a wealth of experience in ag-riculture, and I am confident he will serve Kentucky’s farmers well. I look forward to working with Director Brian Lacefield in the years to come and continuing to serve Kentucky’s ag-riculture community. f 
TAX CUTS HAVE NEVER PAID FOR THEMSELVES (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, the White House Council of Economic Advisers issued a report re-cently asserting that, by cutting the corporate rate from 35 to 20 percent, every American household will see their income increase by $4,000 to $9,000 next year and those years after. The U.S. Treasury Secretary also said that these tax cuts would pay for themselves and produce $2 trillion in growth over the next decade. In fact, Mr. Speaker, tax cuts have never paid for themselves—not once or ever—in human history. The White House has a problem in that nobody believes them, not the Congressional Budget Office, not the Tax Policy Center, not the University of Pennsylvania Wharton Business School, and not even Goldman Sachs, from which both the Treasury Sec-retary and the National Economic Ad-viser came to the White House. In fact, each of these nonpartisan in-stitutions that studies and reports on tax and economic policy have stated explicitly that these corporate tax cuts will have near zero impact on future economic growth and add at least $1.5 trillion in new deficit over the next decade. Once again, Mr. Speaker, this is fraud being perpetrated against middle America. 
f 
COMMUNISM’S CENTURY OF DEVASTATION (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last week, in a column by Heritage Foundation President Ed Feulner in The Washington Times, it sadly identified November 7, 1917, as a day of infamy. This day marks the overthrow of the Russian Government by the Bolsheviks, led by Lenin, and the establishment of the murderous communist dictatorship 100 years ago. This revolution led to horrific deaths. Ed Feulner notes historians es-timate that, according to Richard Pipes, 9 million were deceased. Richard Conquest says at least 20 million and, likely, as many as 30 million died in the Great Terror. Ed Feulner continued: ‘‘Its legacy is also one of grinding poverty. Most of the 88 countries that score ‘repressed’ or ‘mostly unfree’ on the Heritage Foundation’s Index of Economic Free-dom are either communist, former communist, or some type of socialist economy. They are also the world’s poorest nations.’’ Americans still hope for democratic reform in Russia, which, with its ex-traordinary culture and limitless re-sources, should be one of the wealthiest nations on Earth. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
LET’S GET REAL (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, $1.5 trillion—no, I guess it is actually clos-er to $2.3 trillion with interest—that is the amount this partisan tax reform plan plans to add to our debt and def-icit. I have had a few folks say: ‘‘Well, we have had $10 trillion added to the debt over the last 8 years.’’ With all due re-spect, Republicans controlled Congress during 6 of those 8 years. Where are my conservative Repub-lican friends who railed for 8 years on the deficits? Was that just while a Democrat was in the White House? Are we such shallow, political, hypocritical people that we now ignore the greatest threat to our country, our national debt and deficit, just because a Repub-lican is in the Oval Office? Furthermore, the idea that we will grow our way out of that $2 trillion hole is fantasy. Let’s look at the growth rate after the last big tax cut at the end of 2015. Since we have passed that tax cut, the growth rate remains steady at 1.5 to 2 percent, no change, that huge tax cut financed with $650 billion in debt to our kids. The Wharton School of Business, not exactly a liberal bastion of theology, now estimates that growth factor from this tax reform bill to be less than 1 percent. Let’s get real. Vote against this package. Let’s do real tax reform that is deficit neutral at least—for our kids’ sake. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAGLOCLEN AND THE REGIONAL INFORMATION SHARING SYSTEMS PROGRAM (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize MAGLOCLEN, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.014 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9190 November 14, 2017 
the Middle Atlantic-Great Lakes Orga-nized Crime Law Enforcement Net-work, and the Regional Information Sharing Systems Program. Last month, I had the opportunity to tour the MAGLOCLEN site in my dis-trict in Newtown, Bucks County, Penn-sylvania. As one of six regional cen-ters, they serve Delaware, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, the District of Columbia, and Pennsylvania, as well as England and parts of Canada. Their work is in-tegral to keeping local, State, and Fed-eral law enforcement agencies in-formed and equipped with the tools they need to do their jobs and to keep us safe. MAGLOCLEN and Regional Informa-tion Sharing Systems have supported law enforcement agencies for a com-bined 40 years. In 2016 alone, in Penn-sylvania, MAGLOCLEN saw 299 re-quests for criminal investigative re-search assistance. MAGLOCLEN’s holistic approach em-bodies the best of what an integrated information sharing system can offer to other local, State, and Federal law enforcement agencies. Mr. Speaker, we are proud of the work MAGLOCLEN does operating on behalf of the Regional Information Sharing Systems Program in my dis-trict. We are here to support them and their mission to support our law en-forcement community. 
f 
HONORING WORLD WAR II HEROES (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, I had the privilege of hon-oring six World War II heroes at VFW Post 2423 in Indian Trail, North Caro-lina. Each hero was awarded the French Legion of Honor Medal by the French consul. They were: Charles Richardson, who flew 35 com-bat missions aboard a B–17 over France, the Netherlands, and Germany. Andrew McMahon received the Pur-ple Heart while fighting to liberate France. William Rachui helped liberate Rome and southern France while earning five Bronze Service Stars. James Crump landed at Omaha Beach on D-day and received two Bronze Stars and three Purple Hearts. Aster Rider landed at Omaha Beach on D-day. As a rifleman on the front lines, he was one of only a handful of soldiers to survive. Harold Granger landed at Utah Beach on D-day. He helped save lives by find-ing and disarming landmines. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my col-leagues to join me in thanking these brave patriots for their service to the United States and the cause of liberty. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise for the people of North Carolina’s 12th Congressional District, to stand up for the opportunities our commu-nity needs, and to reject the ‘‘billion-aires first’’ Republican tax plan. This tax plan fails to hear the Amer-ican people. It gives tax cuts to cor-porations on the backs of the middle class. Last week, I sent a letter to the Ways and Means chair and to Speaker RYAN outlining the 12th District’s tax priorities and urging the inclusion of education-related deductions. Republicans refused to hear the call, so this week I announced my education tax package. This series of amend-ments includes reinstating the tax-ex-empt status of private-use bonds used to build infrastructure and affordable housing; reinstating the State and local tax deduction, protecting the funds used to pay for schools, commu-nity development, and public safety; reinstating the student loan interest tax deduction; repealing the tax on tui-tion waivers and student stipends; and incentivizing investments in STEM education. Communities across the Nation need the increased access to upward mobil-ity, and education, the great equalizer, is the place to start. I urge my colleagues to support my amendments to make education acces-sible for all students. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TRACY BECKER FOR RECEIVING THE KEYSTONE AWARD (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Tracy Becker on being awarded the 2017 Keystone Award, which is the highest honor bestowed by the Penn-sylvania Association of Chamber Pro-fessionals. Tracy Becker is executive director of the Clarion Area Chamber of Business & Industry. The Keystone Award was established in 1963 to recognize outstanding service in and contributions to the profession of chamber management in Pennsyl-vania. The award is not presented an-nually but only when an individual has merited such recognition. Tracy is just the 24th person to re-ceive this award since its inception 54 years ago. She was nominated by her staff, the Clarion Chamber board mem-bers, and fellow members of the Penn-sylvania Association of Chamber Pro-fessionals. Tracy began her chamber career in 1987, and she has dedicated her life to the betterment of the community. She has been with the Clarion Area Cham-ber of Business & Industry for more than 30 years, 13 of those as executive director. Mr. Speaker, I wholeheartedly con-gratulate Tracy Becker on this pres-tigious honor and thank her for mak-ing her community a better place to live and work. f 
b1215 UNIVERSITY OF TENNESSEE COL-LEGE OF LAW’S LEGAL CLINIC CELEBRATES 70TH ANNIVER-SARY (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the University of Tennessee College of Law’s Legal Clinic on its 70th anniver-sary. The UT Legal Clinic is a national leader in clinical education. The clinic has been ranked one of the top 10 legal clinical programs among public universities and 19th among all U.S. law schools. The UT Legal Clinic was founded in 1947, by Professor Charles Miller, and is the longest, con-tinually existing legal clinic in the country. The clinic provides law students many opportunities to learn by doing. This approach prepares students for both the practice of law and providing legal services to the underprivileged. The work at the clinic has further ad-vanced the cause of justice by serving thousands of indigent clients who can-not afford legal representation. I want to honor and congratulate the UT College of Law’s Legal Clinic on its 70th anniversary and thank it for its honorable service to the legal profes-sion, the people of the State of Ten-nessee, and to the entire Nation. I wish only the best for the Legal Clinic in fu-ture years training and educating out-standing law students. 
f 
THE MEDIA CAUSE POLITICAL DYSFUNCTION (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a recent Washington Post University of Maryland poll asked Americans whom they blame for causing dysfunction in the U.S. political system. It is no surprise that 88 percent of re-spondents said the news media caused some or a lot of the dysfunction. Given that the liberal media unfairly blames President Trump for nearly all the problems in our country, they bear the burden of this dysfunction. Months of liberal biased reporting have shredded the media’s credibility in the eyes of most Americans. The media should report the facts objec-tively. That begins with fair coverage of the President and his administra-tion. So far this year, the media has been anything but fair. According to a new Harvard study, media coverage of the President’s first 100 days was 80 percent negative, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.016 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9191 November 14, 2017 
record for recent Presidents. Until the media becomes less slanted, they will continue to be a source of dysfunction in our political system. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 14, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 14, 2017, at 9:39 a.m.: That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 1679. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2874, 21ST CENTURY FLOOD REFORM ACT, AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2018 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 616 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 616 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 2874) to achieve reforms to improve the financial stability of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program, to enhance the development of more accurate estimates of flood risk through new technology and better maps, to increase the role of private markets in the management of flood insur-ance risks, and to provide for alternative methods to insure against flood peril, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services now printed in the bill, the amendment printed in part A of the re-port of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution, modified by the amendment printed in part B of that report, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amend-ment thereto, to final passage without inter-vening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of En-ergy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. All points of order against the con-ference report and against its consideration are waived. The conference report shall be considered as read. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the con-ference report to its adoption without inter-vening motion except: (1) one hour of debate; and (2) one motion to recommit if applicable. SEC. 3. The Clerk shall not transmit to the Senate a message that the House has adopt-ed the conference report to accompany H.R. 2810 until notified by the Speaker or by mes-sage from the Senate that the Senate has passed H.R. 4374 without amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), pend-ing which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Res-olution 616 provides for consideration of H.R. 2874, the 21st Century Flood Re-form Act, and the conference report to accompany H.R. 2810, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. H.R. 2874, the 21st Century Flood Re-form Act, reauthorizes the National Flood Insurance Program for 5 years, introduces great private market com-petition, and provides additional re-forms to benefit policyholders and tax-payers. Mr. Speaker, the Office of Manage-ment and Budget has said that the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program, or NFIP, is not fiscally sustainable in its current form. The 21st Century Flood Reform Act helps transition it to a more sustainable program. Importantly, the bill will help foster a robust product market for flood in-surance, which allows private insurers to compete, in turn, driving down the price of policies while creating greater consumer choice. This is a win for pol-icyholders and taxpayers alike. Representing Alabama’s Gulf Coast, it is important to me and my constitu-ents that they have access to afford-able flood insurance through the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program or a private insurer. I appreciate the inclusion of provi-sions in the 21st Century Flood Reform Act to protect current policyholders while making the program sustainable. I also appreciate Chairman H
EN-
SARLING ’s willingness to work with Members whose constituents, such as mine, rely very heavily upon the NFIP to address concerns we raised about the initial version of the bill that passed out of committee. All in all, this bill is a positive step toward reauthorizing our Nation’s flood insurance program, which is cur-rently set to expire on December 8. We must take action to ensure coastal homeowners and others in flood-prone areas have access to affordable insur-ance. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to work-ing with my colleagues in the Senate to get a long-term reauthorization across the finish line and signed into law by President Trump. House Resolution 616 also allows for consideration of the final version of the National Defense Authorization Act that was conferenced between the House and the Senate, reconciling the differences between two different versions. Mr. Speaker, before I go into the sub-stance of the bill, I would like to take a minute to commend the open and regular order process that has taken place from start to finish. As a member of both the Armed Serv-ices Committee and the Rules Com-mittee, I have followed this bill throughout the legislative process and think we should all be proud of the reg-ular order and the fact that a wide range of members played a role in crafting the final product. I applaud Chairman THORNBERRY , Ranking Member S
MITH, and the entire Armed Services Committee staff for their dedication to an open process. I also appreciate the countless hours they have poured into this conference report. Just as a quick reminder, we consid-ered 275 amendments during the House Armed Services Committee back in June, and another 210 amendments when the NDAA was considered by the full House in July. In total, 485 amend-ments have been considered in the House, and, just as important, there was a clear bipartisan split between the number of majority and minority amendments. The conference committee continued this bipartisan and collaborative proc-ess under the leadership of four chair-men and ranking members. Once again, this year’s NDAA is truly a bipartisan and bicameral bill that provides the best for our military and national secu-rity. Mr. Speaker, this NDAA follows through on our promise to our service-men and -women and our constitu-tional duty to provide for the common defense of the United States of Amer-ica. The FY18 NDAA conference report authorizes a 10 percent increase in total military spending, reminiscent of the Reagan era defense buildup. The bill authorizes $626 billion for base budget requirements, $66 billion for overseas contingency operations, and $8 billion for other defense activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.018 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9192 November 14, 2017 
That adds up for a total national de-fense top line of $700 billion. I am incredibly proud to support a top-line number high enough to begin reversing the readiness crisis that has endangered the lives of our service-members and made it harder to defend our country. Over the past 8 years, and under se-questration, our military has suffered. We have planes that can’t fly, ships that can’t sail, and soldiers who can’t deploy, all while the number of threats around the world keep rising. I want to acknowledge that this top- line number is significantly higher than the Budget Control Act cap for defense. I look forward to continued dialogue with the Appropriations Com-mittee to raise this cap that has crip-pled necessary defense spending in re-cent years. Every day we operate under a con-tinuing resolution or the BCA caps is another day we are failing our men and women in uniform. The FY18 NDAA fulfills the authorization side of the equation, and I am hopeful the appro-priations side will follow. The FY18 NDAA increases the size of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Army Guard and Reserve, Naval and Air Re-serve, and Air Guard to repair and re-store readiness. The bill also authorizes construction of 13 new Navy ships, including three littoral combat ships, as we work to grow toward a 355-ship fleet. In a well-deserved benefit for our troops, the NDAA provides for a 2.4 per-cent pay increase for servicemembers, which is the amount our troops are en-titled to under current law. Another small but important provi-sion in this bill eliminates the so- called widow’s tax, which requires sur-viving spouses of servicemembers killed in action to forfeit the survivor benefit pension annuity. The financial burden of this tax is something our military families should not bear. The bill also continues to advance Chairman T
HORNBERRY ’s priority of re-forming and strengthening the mili-tary’s acquisition process to make it more effective and efficient. Importantly, the legislation takes into account the Trump administra-tion’s $6 billion budget amendment to authorize more funding for missile de-fense threats against North Korea, Navy ship repairs, and more troops in Afghanistan. Our men and women in uniform all over the world are on a mission to pro-tect and defend the freedoms we hold dear. The way I see it, our mission in Congress is to give these brave men and women the resources they need to succeed. The FY18 NDAA does exactly that and is another step in a multiyear process of restoring our military strength to further protect our na-tional security. Ultimately, this bill is about keeping the American people safe and secure. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 616 and both of the underlying bills, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Ala-bama for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2810, the Fiscal Year 2018 National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, takes important steps to-wards strengthening our national secu-rity and supporting our troops. The conference report authorizes a total of $692 billion in discretionary budget authority, $26 billion more than the administration requested. I am pleased that it raises military pay by 2.4 percent, an increase from the President’s request of 2.1 percent. b1230 It also strengthens our efforts to counter Russia’s campaign to under-mine our democracy by fully funding cybersecurity and cyberspace oper-ations at $8 billion and it drops harm-ful restrictions on funding the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty ex-tension between the United States and Russia. This treaty continues a bipar-tisan tradition that began under Presi-dent Reagan, verifiably reducing both countries’ nuclear arsenals. Mr. Speaker, there is one glaring problem with this measure, and that is that the Budget Control Act imposes a $549 billion cap on defense spending for fiscal year 2018. This bill blows past that by more than $143 billion. Unless the Senate, the House, and the Presi-dent come to an agreement on lifting or modifying the budget caps, there is no way that these spending levels can become law. So far, that agreement is not in the offing and it is past time for a bipartisan compromise on realistic spending levels for defense and non-defense spending alike. While I am glad to see this pay in-crease for our troops, this legislation does not exist in a vacuum. Later this week, the Republicans plan to bring to the floor a disastrous tax bill that would force military families and vet-erans to finance tax cuts for corpora-tions and the superwealthy. The bill re-peals tax credits that help veterans find employment. It makes education more expensive for veterans and under-mines the GI Bill. It makes it more ex-pensive for military families to sell their homes. It eliminates tax relief for veterans suffering from chronic ill-nesses. Veterans Day was just a few days ago, Mr. Speaker, and it is no way for the majority to thank them for their service. Also before us today is H.R. 2874, which is known as the 21st Century Flood Reform Act. Now, everybody in this Chamber recognizes the National Flood Insurance Program is badly in debt, to the tune of $25 billion. The hurricanes this year, together with the flooding across Louisiana last year, have stretched the program beyond its breaking point. Unfortunately, this package will cause more harm than good for the communities already struggling to re-build. It will make flood insurance more expensive for families by increas-ing premiums. It also exempts businesses from the requirement to purchase flood insur-ance even though the vast majority of policyholders with this insurance only purchase it because they are required to by law. This change would take ef-fect beginning in January 2019. The Independent Community Bank-ers and a number of other groups op-pose this provision. As businesses pull out of the insurance market and the number of participating dwindles, re-sponsible businesses that stay in the market will be forced to bear the bur-den of greatly increased premiums. I think these are shortsighted changes that will be felt all across the insur-ance market. Additionally, the legislation doesn’t do enough to update the often out-of- date flood insurance rate maps being used in communities across the coun-try and in my district. Accurate flood insurance maps prepared with the most recent mapping technologies would help constituents in all of our districts better prepare and protect themselves against flooding. Some current maps are so outdated that the maps don’t re-flect changing landscapes and critical flood mitigation improvements. This bill simply falls short in helping home-owners who want to do the right thing based off the best available informa-tion. We are in the wake of some of the worst hurricanes our Nation has ever experienced, and more of them. We are seeing how vital, affordable, and read-ily available flood insurance is to so many communities. It is unconscion-able that the majority is moving for-ward with this partisan package of bills, unlikely to ever pass the Senate, because this will only further delay the extension of the program with 1 month left before it expires. As the majority lurches from crisis to crisis and fritters away precious leg-islative time with this partisan ap-proach, we will likely find ourselves right back here doing this over again in December. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. D
UFFY ), the sponsor of H.R. 2874. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Alabama for yielding. First, I want to make a comment about how this process has gone in coming up with this compromise with the amendment on the flood insurance package. We have worked in the Finan-cial Services Committee with outside groups, whether it was the home build-ers or the realtors or the insurance in-dustry. We have worked with Members of Congress from the Gulf States and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.020 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9193 November 14, 2017 
from the East Coast and from the West Coast. We worked with Democrats. We had a number meetings with the rank-ing member of the committee, all tak-ing in their consideration, which has brought us to a compromise that I don’t know that anybody loves, but ev-eryone says is a pretty darn good bill that strives to make needed reforms in a program that hasn’t been working well. When we have programs that don’t work well, let’s try to fix them. We have a program that, as was just mentioned, is $25 billion in debt, but that doesn’t include the $16 billion we just gave the program and forgave. So really, it is $41 billion in debt. So when do we think through the policies of a program that continues to run deficits, number one, but, number two, continues to incentivize people to live in harm’s way? I was down in Houston and I got to see a family who was talking about their next-door neighbor whose house was burning down. He was telling the story about his neighbor, and as the house started on fire, he sent the kids outside—like you would because your house is burning—as the flood waters are rising. The dad went to go put out the fire, and as he was putting out the fire, he looked out the window and saw his kids were being swept away by a flood. The current was too strong, so he ran outside to save his kids and let his house burn. What are we going to do in that neighborhood that had been flooded three times in the last 10 years? We are going to rebuild houses in the same flood plain. This doesn’t make sense. Let’s think about a reform that is going to improve the program, that helps people get out of dangerous areas and get into better areas that don’t flood. Having a flooding house isn’t a pleasant place to live. Not only that, first responders risk their lives to go save people, and they die. We are incentivizing through this policy to allow people to live in these dangerous areas. I don’t have a lot of time left, but the reforms are going to, yes, gently increase some of the pre-miums for the most highly subsidized properties called the pre-FIRM prop-erties. We offer over $1 billion in miti-gation to help families flood-proof their home or get out of their home and go to a better place to live because this improves the solvency of flood in-surance. We are helping them with mitigation. We are helping them with mapping, allowing communities that haven’t been mapped to actually map them-selves, to pay for it, to take care of their own future and destiny instead of waiting for the Federal Government. We allow for a private market to come in and offer you a premium that might be lower than the Federal Government. God forbid we offer a family a choice to let the private sector compete with a public offering. My God, if you get a lower price, that is great. If you don’t get a lower price, you can stay in the Federal plan. My goodness, I am going to have some people come up in a second and say: But you could cherry-pick, and that could jeopardize the solvency of the program. The program is insolvent. It is $25 billion in debt—actually, $41 billion, if you include that $16 billion. It is not a solvent program. Just think if in Houston and in Flor-ida we had people who had bought in-surance in the private market, we would be saving taxpayers money. This is a commonsense bill that makes the program better, that helps families, that empowers communities. Let’s stand together. A little bit of reform might go a long way in making govern-ment actually work, so I would encour-age all of my colleagues on both side of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ for common sense. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation would help thousands of young people who are Americans in every way except on paper. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for yielding. Mr. Speaker, there are 2,400 DACA re-cipients in my district. ‘‘We are not one,’’ ‘‘no somos uno.’’ There are 30,000 DACA recipients in my home State of New York. ‘‘We are not 100,’’ ‘‘no somos cien.’’ There are 800,000 DACA recipi-ents in the country. As of this year, there were more than 10,000 noncitizens serving in the U.S. military and an ad-ditional 12,000 noncitizens under Re-serve status. ‘‘We are millions, count us well,’’ ‘‘somos millones, cuentanos bien.’’ DREAMers are veterans, teachers, nurses, college students; and DREAM-ers are also MacArthur genius fellows. Cristina Jimenez is a MacArthur ge-nius fellow, a powerhouse champion-ship for immigrant youth, and, like me, she is also a CUNY alum and she grew up undocumented. This is why I urge my colleagues to bring a clean Dream Act to the House floor. H.R. 3440, the Dream Act, would not provide automatic amnesty, as I have heard some of my colleagues in-correctly say. The Dream Act has an 8- year conditional basis of permanent residency status. You have to either work for 3 years, serve in the Armed Forces, or study. You have to keep a clean record, get a background check, and a medical exam. Then, and only after then, for a few more years, you can apply for citizenship. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote against the previous question so that we can immediately bring the Dream Act to the floor and provide cer-tainty, hope, and opportunity for 800,000 talented young people. Our country needs them and we cannot af-ford to wait another day. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN ). Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in favor of H.R. 2874, the 21st Century Flood Reform Act. This act is near and dear to my heart. That is how I make my liveli-hood. I am a real estate developer. We build houses. We build commercial projects. All that stops unless reform is made in the Flood Insurance Program. This bill proposes major reforms to one of the Federal Government’s most bro-ken programs, the National Flood In-surance Program. The Government Accountability Of-fice has labeled the NFIP a high-risk program mainly because policyholders often pay premiums well below the ac-tual risk of flooding on their prop-erties. H.R. 2874 requires FEMA to conduct an annual actuarial review of the sta-tus of the NFIP that will allow FEMA to adjust rates appropriately and help maintain the program’s financial sta-bility. Currently, there are 4.92 million NFIP policies providing $1.23 trillion in coverage to Americans. Many of these properties are what this bill defines as multiple loss properties, where NFIP claims have been filed repeatedly. This bill requires FEMA to raise pre-miums on multiple loss properties by 15 percent annually if the premiums do not reflect the full risk. This is just an-other step toward FEMA improving the financial stability of the NFIP. Often, with the Federal Government, there are changes and agreements made behind closed doors with little or no public comment. H.R. 2874 requires FEMA to publish an explanation and to hold public hearings in regards to any changes to premiums on policies. This is an excellent example of making the government more transparent and helping policyholders more account-able. Lastly, the 21st Century Flood Re-form Act requires the Government Ac-countability Office to conduct a study on how we can simplify the NFIP. With our country being battered by hurri-canes and heavy rainfall, we need to ensure that the NFIP is placed in sound financial footing for future gen-erations. Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this all-im-portant legislation. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AL-
LONE ), the distinguished ranking mem-ber of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.023 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9194 November 14, 2017 
b1245 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from New York, the ranking member of the Rules Com-mittee, for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-tion to the bill and also to the rule. Just a few weeks ago, we observed the fifth anniversary of Superstorm Sandy. New Jersey’s recovery from that trau-matic event has been prolonged in part by issues facing the National Flood In-surance Program. Too many of my con-stituents are still dealing with high premiums and inaccurate flood maps or are still waiting for their Sandy claims appeals to be decided. We need a long-term NFIP reauthor-ization that focuses on increasing af-fordability, investing in mitigation, capping the profits of flood insurance companies, and comprehensively re-structuring the claims process—and this bill fails these tests. H.R. 3823 would undermine the NFIP by allowing the development of a pri-vate flood insurance market, opening the door to allowing insurance compa-nies to cherry-pick low-risk properties while leaving high-risk ones in the NFIP. This bill does not do enough to address affordability issues and actu-ally increases rates for some policy-holders. It will allow commercial prop-erties to opt out of mandatory cov-erage even if they are in a high-risk zone, which will further decrease the pool and weaken the program. Finally, this bill simply does not do enough to improve transparency and reform the claims process. Enactment of this legislation would make flood in-surance more expensive and less avail-able, while not actually addressing the program’s many problems. I have actually introduced legisla-tion to tackle NFIP’s issues head-on. The bill is the bipartisan SAFE NFIP Reauthorization Act, which would re-authorize the program, cap premium rate increases, authorize funding for more accurate flood mapping, reform the appeals process, and cap the com-pensation of flood insurance compa-nies. I also offered amendments to the Rules Committee that would improve this bill, including a 10 percent cap on premium increases, increasing the in-creased cost of compliance from $30,000 to $100,000, capping the profits of flood insurance companies, and other pro- policyholder provisions, but none of these amendments were accepted by the Rules Committee. I hear my Republican colleagues talk about transparency. In fact, this is the 50th closed rule of the year, an all-time record for closed rules. They blocked both Democratic and Republican amendments. The Rules Committee says in its report this is a closed rule. If it is a closed rule, then how can they talk about transparency or process? Some of my Republican colleagues who offered amendments that were de-nied were Mr. D
ONOVAN of New York, affected by Sandy; Mr. G
RAVES of Lou-isiana, affected by Katrina; and Mr. PASCRELL and I, who went through Superstorm Sandy. It is incredible to me that we had a number of Democrats and Republicans who really wanted to reform the flood insurance program in an effective way based on their experiences—not some ideology—based on their experiences in the superstorms that we saw that im-pacted our districts, and the Rules Committee denied every one of those amendments. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I just would point out to the gentleman that the Democrats have highlighted the number of amendments not made in order during the first session of the 115th Congress; however, in the 111th Congress, their majority blocked near-ly 3,000 amendments, with roughly 2,400 of those occurring in the first session. So, far be it from the case that Repub-licans have blocked an inordinate num-ber of amendments. We blocked far less amendments than our Democratic col-leagues did when they were in control of the House. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. C
HE-
NEY), who is my fellow colleague on the Rules Committee and the Armed Serv-ices Committee. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank my colleague, Mr. B
YRNE , for his hard work, both on the Armed Services Committee and on the Rules Committee, on this important rule. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the rule that will allow for consideration of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Mr. Speaker, as elected Members of this body, we have no higher obligation or responsibility than to provide for the support and the defense of our Na-tion. No matter what else we do in this body—and we debate very big, impor-tant issues. We debate tax cuts, we de-bate healthcare, and these are crucial issues, but none of those issues matters if we fail to get the resources necessary to defend this Nation from our adver-saries. For far too long, Mr. Speaker, we have failed to do that. Over the last 8 years, we have seen policies that have failed to provide the kind of resources our Defense Department needs. We have also seen, Mr. Speaker, legisla-tion from this body—in particular, the Budget Control Act—that has caused significant damage to the military. We have heard on the Armed Services Committee, week after week, briefings from every layer of the military—from the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, from the Secretary of Defense, and from the combatant commanders—briefings about the extent to which there is a gap that is growing between our abili-ties and the abilities of our adver-saries. Now, this is a gap that people seem to want to ignore, Mr. Speaker, but we do so at our own peril. I think that we need, as Members of this body, to think very carefully about what we are going to say to our children and our grandchildren one day if they say to us: Why didn’t you do all you could to ensure for the defense of this Nation? Why didn’t you do all you could when you were in a position to provide the resources? Mr. Speaker, one of the reasons we don’t do all we can is because we en-able the Senate rules. We have gotten ourselves in a situation, through the Budget Control Act and through the way that we do budgeting in this House, where we enable the dysfunc-tion of the United States Senate, and we let the United States Senate be in a position where, in fact, they prevent us from doing what we know is right from a policy perspective. I am very proud of this piece of legis-lation, Mr. Speaker, because what this does, in a bipartisan fashion, is begin to fix that. It begins to remedy the sit-uation. It begins to allow our military to get out from under the burden, the hole that they have been in for the last 8 years. Funds authorized in this NDAA will ensure that we are able, for example, to modernize our strategic forces. It will also ensure, Mr. Speaker, that we are able to begin to provide funding for the kind of missile defense that we know we need in a situation in which our ad-versaries have gained tremendous ground. Mr. Speaker, when we have the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs come be-fore the committee and tell us in pub-lic session that, if we continue on the path we are on, within 5 years we will not be able to project our power, every Member of this body needs to stop ev-erything else they are doing and listen to that warning. If we can’t project our power, then we cannot defend this Na-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Wyoming an addi-tional 30 seconds Ms. CHENEY. There are many Mem-bers of this body, Mr. Speaker, on both sides, who like to quote a former Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs that the debt is the biggest national security threat we face. That is only half of his quote. The second half of his quote was that the debt is the most significant threat we face because it prevents us from being able to resource our military. So, Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be here today to stand in support of this rule and to stand in support of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act and the important progress that it allows us to begin to make to rebuild our military and undo the damage of the last 8 years. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding. I rise in opposition to this record- breaking closed rule, the 50th closed rule in a year, which is more than any time in any yearly period previously. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.026 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9195 November 14, 2017 
I think our rules should be open. I think closed rules are not good for this institution regardless of who does it, and I would urge the majority party to think about open rules so that the leg-islature can truly work its way. The legislation itself includes a handful of measures that I authored—I am happy about that—to require re-porting on Russia’s role in the Bal-kans, including Serbia’s defense rela-tionship with Russia; to enhance con-gressional oversight of changes made to policies and legal interpretations that govern security operations; a strategy to improve transparency and civilian protection in Nigeria; and a re-quirement for a Defense Department official to protect cultural heritage, the looting and trafficking of which is a funding source for terrorism. We voted on that here on the floor and it has passed. I am also pleased that we have in-cluded continued support for Israel’s missile defense. This system is critical to Israel’s security, considering the threats that Israel faces from Iran, Hamas, and Hezbollah. Mr. Speaker, even though I am rank-ing member of the House Foreign Af-fairs Committee, I am glad to see these measures in this bill because they all belong in this bill. They are related to our national security. Indeed, I strong-ly support the measures in this bill that provide authorities and resources necessary for our military to carry out its missions. But, as we have seen again and again in recent years, this defense authoriza-tion continues an unsettling trend to-ward involving the Defense Depart-ment in activities outside its core com-petencies. In my view, we need to pre-serve and strengthen the important roles of the State Department and USAID. We wouldn’t ask our diplomats or our development experts to do the jobs of our men and women in uniform, so we shouldn’t be asking our servicemem-bers to do the work that has tradition-ally resided in our civilian foreign pol-icy agencies. I want to caution against continuing down this road, and I hope that, in the years ahead, we can work to support our diplomatic and development efforts in the same way we support our na-tional defense. After all, America’s se-curity depends on all these efforts working together. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from New York an additional 1 minute. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me. Let me say, in conclusion, I hope that, in the years ahead, we can work to support our diplomatic and develop-ment efforts in the same way we sup-port our national defense. After all, America’s security depends on all of these efforts working together, and it is important to remember that. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Alabama for yielding. Mr. Speaker, there are fundamental problems with flood insurance. We all know that. The program, by some esti-mates, has a debt, recently, of up to $24 billion, and it is going to be com-pounded by Hurricanes Maria, Irma, and Harvey and the other disasters that we have had this year. We have had extraordinary damages this year. But what is being missed is that this legislation really doesn’t even fix the problem. You can look back over the last 37 years. Since 1980, we have had 218 disasters that have exceeded $1 bil-lion. We have spent $1.3 trillion re-sponding to these disasters. This bill is projected to, perhaps, save $18 million a year—$18 million, I will say it again. We have spent $1.3 trillion since 1980. There are funda-mental problems that need to be ad-dressed. Mr. Speaker, 40 percent of this Na-tion’s population lives in just 10 per-cent of the land area adjacent to the coast—10 percent. Forty percent of the population lives there, and it is grow-ing. It is going up. We have got to get good at resiliently living in these coastal areas. Now, let me show you something, and this is what is happening in Louisiana. Louisiana drains, literally, from Mon-tana to New York, and the Canadian Provinces are all coming down. Mr. Speaker, as we get additional de-velopment in the United States, what happens with that water? It comes down to us. So let me give you a scenario. Somebody builds their dream home or somebody starts a small business, and they fully comply with the regula-tions that are in place at the time for baseline elevation. They build a home or business exactly where it is sup-posed to be. They start getting addi-tional water down from this watershed or maybe from the coast because the Corps of Engineers has caused 2,000 square miles of the coast of this Nation to erode. So, yes, we are more vulnerable. We are getting more water down or we have the Gulf of Mexico encroaching on our citizens. Why should our citizens be respon-sible for that? They have no control over what is happening. They have complied with the regulations and complied with the guidelines at the time of construction. Mr. Speaker, I view this as a tax. If our citizens are being burdened with additional fees or expense as a result of the government’s inability to do its job to properly manage resources and water, then that is not a premium in-crease; that is a tax, Mr. Speaker. While I commend people for working on this bill and trying to address this, the fundamental premise of the bill is flawed. It is fundamentally flawed. You can’t charge people for things over which they have no control. You can’t charge people whenever they stepped up and did exactly what the govern-ment told them to do when they built a home or built a business. These things aren’t portable struc-tures. You can’t just pick up a home and say, ‘‘I am going to move it.’’ You can’t pick up a business and say, ‘‘I am going to move it.’’ But that is exactly what this bill does. It increases the premiums and, in some cases, even kicks them out of their homes and businesses, these dream homes and these lifesaving in-vestments. Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition to the underlying bill. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, let me yield myself 30 seconds because I was very impressed, yesterday, with Mr. G
RAVES and the thoughtful work that he had done. I am sorry his amendments were not made in order, but I appreciate very much his home-work on this bill, and I agree with him. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s cour-tesy. I was listening to our friend from Louisiana, and I sympathize with much of what he was saying. I have been working on flood insurance reform for 20 years. b1300 We are caught in a dynamic here where it is never really good enough and there are challenges for people who played by the rules at the time. The problem is that we are not doing a good job of evaluating, moving for-ward, and making the changes. It is true that some of this has an impact on Louisiana. I am sensitive to that. But at the same time, there are policies that have been resisted by some of those same state leaders. We must swallow hard and under-stand that we are on a path here that impacts people all across the country. We do not have accurate flood maps, and people resist updating them. We have many people who are paying far less than the actuarial costs for their flood insurance. There are millions more who are subsidizing all this be-cause they are paying unfair pre-miums. We do not invest in pre-dis-aster mitigation. We will save $4 in dis-aster relief for each dollar we invest upfront to protect property and lives. I am prepared to support the under-lying bill. It is not perfect. There are changes that I would make. I under-stand some of the challenges that peo-ple are going to suggest in terms of the impact on some lower-income citizens. I sympathize with that, but the answer is not to continue to keep people in harm’s way. The answer is not to re-build people’s homes right back where they are going to be putting their prop-erty and their families at risk. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.027 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9196 November 14, 2017 
should not continue to resist reform, because it is hard. Ultimately, that adds to the price tag and it adds to the dislocation. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, it is important that we don’t lose an op-portunity to start changing this situa-tion. When the floods came in Houston, I got calls from some reporters because I had been dealing with problems in Houston going back 20 years. This is an example of where we failed to deal with repetitive flood loss and where we have watched unchecked sprawl put millions of people at risk for greater harm. This bill isn’t perfect, but I hope that it starts the process where we can come together as it goes through the legislative process. I hope we can make adjustments to start us along that path, and that we start swallowing hard, making sure that everybody gives up a little. The Federal Government needs to in-vest more. People need to stop building in harm’s way. We need to do a better job of flood recovery and pre-disaster mitigation. I think this bill represents a good faith start along that path, and I hope we can use it as a foundation for further progress. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS), a very happy Auburn Ti-gers fan. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in support of the rule and the underlying bill, H.R. 2874. Homeowners deserve choice; they de-serve competition; and, above all, they need to know the true risk their homes face from floods, the most costly of all natural disasters. I believe the underlying bill allows the freedom to insure against obvious danger that imperils people’s homes and their wallets. I am particularly en-thusiastic about the inclusion of my bi-partisan legislation to facilitate the development of a robust private flood insurance marketplace. After months and even years of nego-tiations, we have produced legislation that appropriately balances the need for affordable flood insurance with our responsibility to act as faithful stew-ards of taxpayer dollars. Everyone knows that the National Flood Insurance Program is broken. We should act accordingly. We need to fix it. But before we do that, we must agree to proceed. Less than a month ago, many of us voted to bail out this floundering pro-gram, forgiving $16 billion of its debt. But we knew that it would be irrespon-sible to merely kick the can down the road. This is the opportunity to make things right. I believe we need to proceed with the debate because we need to have a rea-sonable and responsible conversation about fixing this problem before it gets worse. Americans deserve better than a Big Government insurance monopoly that is unable to pay for the risk it in-sures. The 21st Century Flood Reform Act will usher in a new era of consumer choice, competition, and affordability by empowering policyholders to pur-chase the insurance products that best meet their needs. We are getting rid of the top-down, single-payer approach to insurance where we pretend there is no danger until there is a tragedy. Giving consumers choice in a com-petitive marketplace will not only drive down costs, but will also help re-duce the unacceptable number of homes that are not protected by flood insurance. The NFIP can be an important tool for mitigating flood risks and helping families recover from disasters after they strike, but it cannot be the only tool. A Federal program that conceals actual risk through artificially low rates is neither compassionate nor re-sponsible. People deserve to know when they are in danger. When the Federal Gov-ernment provides them with informa-tion that suggests otherwise, we do more harm than good. We cannot expect to have educated, thoughtful consumers if we deprive them of the market information that is needed to make the smart decisions. By putting policyholders on a slow path to sound premium rates, we are stepping towards a future where the threats of major floods are confronted before they are realized. I think we all agree that more needs to be done to mitigate flood risks and incentivize investments in resiliency. We can take the first steps by elimi-nating the false security that inocu-lates our society to the dangers of flooding. Let’s remove the blindfold we have placed over the public’s eyes. Let’s gradually walk back the subsidies that conceal a homeowners risk. It is time for this Nation to confront this threat with clear eyes and a vision for the fu-ture. This bill is the first step in the right direction. In closing, I want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING and Housing and Insurance Subcommittee Chairman D
UFFY for their tenacity and commitment to pav-ing the way for a safer and more afford-able system for managing flood risks in this country. Flood insurance is one of those rare issues that transcends polit-ical boundaries. I once again urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the rule and also on the underlying bill. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the National Defense Authorization Act isn’t perfect. Most notably, it blows past the caps imple-mented under the Budget Control Act. But there are areas of common ground in this bill, including a pay raise for our military and investments to fill the genuine readiness gaps in our Armed Forces. I want to point out that they are the result of something that is all too often nonexistent under the majority, and that is regular order. I agree with what my colleague said, to see a bill under regular order is a downright joy. I hope we do more of it. A hearing and a markup were held for this bill and colleagues from both sides of the aisle were consulted. That is how the Chamber was designed to function, but, today, it hardly func-tions like that at all. It is a shame that we don’t also see the majority put this model to use for other major legislation like healthcare and tax reform, which we will be rush-ing through to get to tomorrow. This is a process that we didn’t see for the other measure before us today, which is H.R. 2874. No hearing was ever held on the package in its entirety. It was changed right up until it was con-sidered by the Rules Committee earlier this week in an effort not to get Demo-crat support, but to get enough support from Members of the majority so that it could pass on a party-line vote. That is what we see under this lead-ership: no hearings and rarely any markups. Legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act, which would impact one- sixth of our economy, was passed with-out so much as a score from the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office outlining its impacts and its costs. This Congress has broken the record for the use of closed rules, which pre-vents any amendments from being of-fered by either side on the House floor. It is now the most closed Congress ever. In fact, one of the rules before us right now is closed. We are even likely to consider the majority’s bipartisan tax plan this week—actually, tomor-row—which would increase the deficit by $1.5 trillion, yet under another closed rule and without scoring. The United States Congress has been called the greatest deliberative body in the world. I think it is time the major-ity change course and actually allow the great debates about the issues that we face. The legislation we consider would certainly be better for it. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question, the rule, and the bill; and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I represent a coastal area of Alabama, and flood insurance is extremely important to many of my constituents. It is very important to me to fulfill my job on their behalf to make sure that we have a Flood Insur-ance Program that is there for many years to come. But we know that it is actuarially insolvent. So we have to make changes in the program. As the gentleman from Oregon said, change is hard and reforms are hard. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.041 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9197 November 14, 2017 
But the gentleman from Florida and, before him, the gentleman from Wis-consin, the sponsor of the bill, made very good points. The reforms we are making in this bill for the Flood Insur-ance Program will allow it to be suc-cessful for years to come and also pro-tect the taxpayers of America. I think we have a responsibility to do that. The other bill under this rule, the conference report on the National De-fense Authorization Act, represents a very important inflection point. We are now moving to repair the damage we have done to our military these last several years. This is a 10 percent increase for our military so that we can help them rebuild their readiness and the equipment they need to defend us with this ever-increasing matrix of threats, not the least of which is North Korea. We put even more money in this authorization to defend against a missile attack from North Korea. We are at the beginning of something historic here with this bill, and that is rebuilding the United States military, much like it was done 30-plus years ago when President Reagan was in office. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support House Resolution 616 and the underlying bills. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Ranking Member S
LAUGHTER for her tremen-dous leadership on so many of these very crit-ical issues. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule and to H.R. 2810, the Fiscal Year 2018 National Defense Authorization Act. This bill authorizes $700 billion in defense spending for our already out-of-control Pentagon budg-et. It would also increase funding by $66 bil-lion for wars that Congress has never debated or voted on. And once again, my Republican colleagues have used off-the-books spending gimmicks to further expand the already-bloat-ed Pentagon budget. Mr. Speaker, enough is enough. Instead of writing blank checks to the Pen-tagon, Congress needs to live up to its con-stitutional obligation to debate matters of war and peace. We need to rip up the 2001 blank check for endless war. We need to stop fund-ing wars without end. Simply put, Mr. Speaker, we need to do our job. And this Defense Authorization Act does just the opposite. It allows Congress to kick the can down the road AGAIN, while funding wars with no debate on the costs and con-sequences to our troops or to the American people. Mr. Speaker, I do have to say that I am pleased by the passage of my amendment, which I co-authored with my good friend Con-gressman B
URGESS , to report on the audit- readiness of the Pentagon. This is a good first step, but much work remains to bring some accountability to Pentagon spending. So I call on Speaker R
YANto act to actually audit bloated Pentagon spending and to bring forth an authorization so Congress can vote up or down on these wars. I urge my colleagues to vote ’NO’ on the Rule and the underlying bill and reject this wasteful spending. The material previously referred to by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 616 O FFERED BY  M
S. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 4. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long- term United States residents and who en-tered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on: Adopting the resolution, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 234, nays 189, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 626] YEAS—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.030 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9198 November 14, 2017 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—10 
Black Bridenstine Dent Johnson, Sam McGovern Pelosi Pocan Rush Visclosky Woodall 
b1337 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 187, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 627] YEAS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—187 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.006 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9199 November 14, 2017 
Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Black Bridenstine Cole Dent Diaz-Balart Holding Johnson, Sam McGovern Pelosi Pocan Rush Visclosky Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1344 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 627. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 224, nays 190, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 628] YEAS—224 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Griffith Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Hultgren Hunter Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meng Messer Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Noem Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Perlmutter Pingree Polis Posey Quigley Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Takano Taylor Thornberry Tiberi Titus Trott Tsongas Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—190 
Aguilar Amash Barr Barraga´n Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Connolly Conyers Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight LaHood Lance Langevin Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Mast Matsui McKinley McSally Meehan Meeks Mitchell Moolenaar Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smucker Soto Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Torres Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (FL) Wittman Yoder Yoho Young (AK) ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Tonko 
NOT VOTING—18 
Black Bost Brat Bridenstine Dent Garrett Gohmert Hoyer Johnson, Sam Larson (CT) McGovern Pelosi Pocan Rush Smith (NE) Turner Visclosky Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1350 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Rollcall No. 628. 
f 
DESIGNATING THE DEMOCRATIC CLOAKROOM IN THE HALL OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES AS THE ‘‘GABRIELLE GIF-FORDS-LEO J. RYAN CLOAK-ROOM’’ Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on House Administration be discharged from fur-ther consideration of House Resolution 615, and ask for its immediate consider-ation in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 615 Whereas Gabrielle Giffords was elected to the House of Representatives to represent the 8th district of Arizona in 2006 and served from January 2007 to January 2012; Whereas Giffords has served the public for over 15 years; Whereas Giffords was the youngest person ever elected to the Arizona State Senate, serving from 2000 to 2005; Whereas Giffords was the third woman in Arizona history elected to Congress; Whereas Congresswoman Giffords was widely known for her middle-of-the-road po-litical views, problem solving ethos, and commitment to bipartisanship and coopera-tion; Whereas Congresswoman Giffords’s many achievements and inspirational service in Congress included contributions to the strength of our armed forces, the security of our nation, the health and welfare of our vet-erans, our progress toward a clean energy economy, and the interests of her constitu-ents in her beloved southern Arizona dis-trict; Whereas Giffords prided herself on being accessible to her constituents; Whereas on January 8, 2011, while listening to her constituents at a ‘‘Congress on your Corner’’ event in Tucson, a gunman at-tempted to assassinate Congresswoman Gif-fords; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.010 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9200 November 14, 2017 
Whereas Congresswoman Giffords was shot and wounded along with 12 others while an additional 6 people were killed, including her Congressional aide, Gabriel Zimmerman; Whereas in 2013 Congresswoman Giffords formed an organization to promote gun vio-lence prevention and responsible gun owner-ship; Whereas Congresswoman Giffords con-tinues to serve the American public by being an outspoken advocate for solutions to gun violence; Whereas Congressman Leo Ryan was an elected member of the House of Representa-tives for the 11th district of California from 1973 through 1978, championing causes re-lated to equality, freedom, human rights and the protection of our democratic institu-tions, and represented an unwavering exam-ple of dedication to public service; Whereas Congressman Ryan’s life was marked by his service, in the Navy during World War II, as a teacher, a school adminis-trator, South San Francisco city councilman and mayor, and California assemblyman, be-fore serving three terms in the House of Rep-resentatives; Whereas in his more than 40 years in elect-ed office, Congressman Ryan worked to en-sure equal treatment of all, including the least fortunate and those without a voice, and won the widespread respect of his col-leagues and the people he served; Whereas Congressman Ryan took a hands- on approach to combat injustice, from tak-ing a job as a teacher in Watts to gain in-sight into the causes of the Watts riots, or posing as an inmate at Folsom Prison to in-vestigate conditions, or going to Newfound-land to see for himself about the slaughter of baby seals; Whereas in 1978 House Majority Leader James Wright described Congressman Ryan as having an ‘‘ever-ready willingness to go where suffering was’’; Whereas when asked to describe his col-league, Rep. Robert Drinan of Massachusetts said in 1978 that ‘‘He was a gutsy, courageous guy,’’ and ‘‘When he believed in something he just pressed and pressed.’’; Whereas Reverend Jim Jones’ Peoples Temple was based in San Francisco, Cali-fornia, and had recruited people from Con-gressman Ryan’s nearby San Mateo district; Whereas following negative press reports, to avoid exposure cult leader Jim Jones trav-eled to Guyana with his followers; Whereas in 1974 an agricultural project was established in Guyana by the Peoples Temple which would be known as Jonestown; Whereas in 1978 several stories began to surface over relatives being held in Guyana against their will and some constituents from Congressman Ryan’s district began to contact his office with concerns over their relatives in Jonestown; Whereas Congressman Ryan left for Guy-ana on November 14, 1978, accompanied by two congressional staffers, nine journalists, and 18 relatives of Jonestown residents; Whereas the delegation arrived at Jones-town November 17, 1978, and several Jones-town inhabitants expressed a desire to re-turn to the United States; Whereas the original delegation along with 15 Jonestown inhabitants attempted to board planes at Port Kaituma airstrip but were fired upon by a Jones loyalist and other gun-men; Whereas an additional 40 Jonestown inhab-itants were also awaiting transport to leave Jonestown; Whereas Congressman Ryan, one Jones-town inhabitant (Patricia Parks), and three journalists (NBC news reporter Don Harris, NBC photographer Bob Brown, and San Fran-cisco Examiner photographer Greg Robinson) were shot to death at the airstrip and nine others, including Congresswoman Jackie Speier, were wounded; Whereas Congressman Leo Ryan was the first Member of Congress to be assassinated overseas while performing his Congressional duties; Whereas Congressman Ryan stated, ‘‘I learned that if you give in to fear you can’t do your job’’; and Whereas Congressman Ryan went above and beyond to provide service to his con-stituents and to the people of the United States, exhibiting courage and resilience: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) the House of Representatives honors the work and public service of Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords; (2) the House extends its condolences to the family, friends, and all those affected by the mass shooting on January 8, 2011; (3) the House of Representatives honors the legacy of Congressman Leo J. Ryan for his lifelong commitment to objective fact-find-ing and for his extraordinary commitment to advancing freedom and basic human rights at home and abroad; (4) the House honors the bravery of Con-gressman Ryan and his team members for undertaking a dangerous yet essential fact- finding mission in Guyana; (5) the House extends its condolences to Congressman Ryan’s family and all those af-fected by the Jonestown tragedy; and (6) the Democratic Cloakroom in the Hall of the House of Representatives (room H–222 of the United States Capitol) is designated as the ‘‘Gabrielle Giffords-Leo J. Ryan Cloak-room’’. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 616, I call up the conference report on the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and ask for its imme-diate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 616, the con-ference report is considered read. (For conference report and state-ment, see proceedings of the House in Book II of November 9, 2017, at page H8701.) The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 30 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material on the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 2810. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Speaker, for 55 straight years under both parties, Congress has come together to pass a defense authoriza-tion bill to support our troops and our country’s security. Along with my partner on the Armed Services Com-mittee, Mr. SMITH, I am pleased to bring a conference report that will do so again. Mr. Speaker, I want to acknowledge and thank all the Members on both sides of the aisle who contributed to this product, and especially the mem-bers and staff of the House Armed Services Committee. I also want to thank the conferees from the 14 other committees of the House who were appointed to the con-ference, and I appreciate their con-tributions. Finally, I want to express my appre-ciation for the opportunity to work with Mr. S
MITH and with our colleagues in the Senate, Senator M
CCAIN and Senator R
EED. We do not always agree among the four of us; in fact, we disagree some-times energetically, but I have no doubt that each of them is committed to doing the right thing for our troops and the right thing for our country. Each of them is a patriot whom I ad-mire. Mr. Speaker, I know that I speak for all Members when we wish Senator M
CCAINthe best in dealing with his current health challenges. Members and the public were given a summary of this conference report last week, so I will simply say that I be-lieve the priorities in this bill are, number one, our people; number two, the readiness; number three, missile defense; and number four, reform to see that we are more capable of meeting the security challenges our country faces in the future and today. In that regard, I especially want to commend the work of Mr. R
OGERS and Mr. C
OOPER and the Strategic Forces Subcommittee on space. They initiated deep, far-reaching reforms based on a real sense of urgency, and they are in this bill. Their work exemplifies the work of our committee: bipartisan, really nonpartisan, on the national se-curity challenges the U.S. faces today. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, as the world grew more dangerous, we cut our defense budget and we added to the burden borne by the men and women who serve us. We will not rebuild and fix our prob-lems in 1 year or one bill, even when it is matched by an appropriations bill, which this will need to be, but we can head in the right direction. That is what this conference report does, and I hope Members will support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.012 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9201 November 14, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, first and most impor-tantly, I want to concur with the re-marks of Mr. T
HORNBERRY . We have had a great many people work together to produce a very important product. The staff, the Members, House and Sen-ate, have all done an outstanding job. On the Armed Services Committee, we are very proud of the fact that we produce a legislative product every year. We actually do legislation the way it is supposed to be done. We work it through committee. Chairman T
HORNBERRY often outlines the number of different provisions that were asked for at the committee level, at the full House level and the Senate level, and we worked through those, reached com-promise where we could, and produced a product that is truly a legislative product. b1400 That is testimony to the great work, first and foremost, of our staff. Both the House and Senate do an out-standing job with hundreds of complex issues and working with all the Mem-bers, and I thank them very much. It is also a testimony to the Mem-bers, both House and Senate, to their commitment to make sure that we pass the National Defense Authorization Act, understanding how important it is to support our troops and meeting our national security needs. I also want to thank our colleagues in the Senate. Mr. T
HORNBERRY and I oftentimes say those are some of our most contentious debates—not between us, but between us and the Senate. But they are handled, I think, with great dignity and intelligence, and I enjoy working with Senator M
CCAINand Sen-ator R
EED. They are great partners in this final product. I am proud of this final product. There is a lot of very good policy in here. Mr. T
HORNBERRY mentioned sev-eral of the keys: acquisition reform, basically getting more out of the money we spend, making sure the sys-tem works better. I particularly want to thank Chair-man T
HORNBERRY . He has taken a lead on this issue for a number of years. I think we have made significant im-provements, even while acknowledging that we still have a long way to go to get the efficiency that we need out of the Pentagon budget, but that is an important change. I also think that this bill does a great job of supporting our troops and their families. As the chairman men-tioned yesterday, it is basically the case that you recruit a servicemember but you retain the family, and that means that you have to provide for them. We fully fund the 2.4 percent pay raise in this bill and support our troops and their families in many other ways. This is a very good product. I will also say, I want to particularly thank Representative L
ANGEVIN for working on this issue. This bill states that climate change is a national secu-rity threat. We make that the policy of the United States Congress, to ac-knowledge climate change and the im-pact that it is going to have on our na-tional security, and Representative LANGEVIN was tireless in making sure that that was part of this bill. So this is a good product. I am proud of it. I am proud of the work that we have done together to produce a legis-lative product that, as Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY says, none of us like everything that is in it, but we reached a com-promise to produce a product on an im-portant issue. The challenge that we have going for-ward is what the chairman mentioned at the end there: This bill funds, I think it is right around $696 billion in defense spending. It goes $80 billion, roughly, over the budget caps, and the bill can’t do that on its own. Unless the budget caps are lifted and appropri-ators pass the appropriations bill, that doesn’t happen; and we haven’t made a lot of progress on that. I was thinking, today, back to 2011, in August, when we first passed the Budget Control Act. We were about 2 days short of not being able to meet our debt ceiling obligations when we passed that; and at that time, the hope was that we would come together on a compromise to deal with our deficit and our debt to get us on a fiscally re-sponsible path. Well, over 6 years later, I can’t say that we have made an enormous amount of progress on that, and that is a huge threat to our troops and our na-tional security. I would also say that it is a threat to the nondefense discre-tionary budget and the rest of the budget as well. But without question, one of the greatest challenges the Pentagon faces—they don’t know from one month to the next how much money they are going to have. Is this going to be the number? Is this bill going to work? I hope so, but we don’t know. We have got to resolve that issue. We have got to figure out how to have a fiscally responsible budget so we can pass ap-propriations bills every year so all as-pects of the discretionary budget can have some predictability. It is absolutely true, as the chairman and others have said, we have a readi-ness shortfall. What that means is we are not providing the equipment and the training to our troops necessary to fully prepare them to do the missions we are asking them to do. I have no doubt that part of that is under-funding. But another part of it is we have a National Security Strategy that is un-clear and, as it is presented, is far greater than we would ever have the resources to match. I had a meeting with a Pentagon official who told me that they were very concerned because they were way short of having the funds necessary to meet their 2012 Na-tional Security Strategy. And make no mistake about it. As big and confusing as the Pentagon may look, they have a reason for everything that they spend. They have a plan in place. Right now, we don’t have the funds to match those plans. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 1 minute. That is a huge problem. So going for-ward, while we do need to provide more resources and more stability, I also think we need to take a look at that National Security Strategy and say: Where are we spending money that we shouldn’t be? What part of our strategy do we not need? If we can’t do that, if we can’t cut back, we are never going to be in a po-sition to provide adequate funds to our troops, and, to me, that is the absolute worst result. Whatever the strategy is, the one thing that it absolutely ought to do is fund our troops sufficiently to meet it. To have a big idea of what we ought to be able to do and then to underfund the men and women whom we are asking to do it, I believe, has led to some of the accidents and deaths that we have had recently with our ships and with our planes. We need to adequately fund readiness to meet a mission that is achievable. That, we still need to get to; but, over-all, this is a good policy bill. Again, I thank the chairman. I appre-ciate the partnership and really en-joyed working with him to produce this product. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ), chairman of the Subcommittee on Readiness. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman M
AC T
HORNBERRY for his leadership. The extraordinary, controversial issue that should be addressed of the widows’ tax has been solved with his leadership and will be so meaningful to military families. I am grateful to support H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Throughout this past year, as chair-man of the Readiness Subcommittee, we heard testimony from each of the Joint Chiefs about the critical neces-sity to address the military’s alarming readiness shortfalls across all domains: air, land, sea, cyber, and space. Sadly, the recent, tragic deaths of 17 sailors in two avoidable collisions in the Indo-Pacific region provided un-mistakable evidence that readiness has fallen to a dangerous level. We can no longer delay the maintenance and sustainment problems that plague the military, and we can no longer defer critical training and modernization that directly impact the ability to re-spond rapidly to emerging threats worldwide. There are numerous impor-tant readiness provisions in the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.039 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9202 November 14, 2017 
I also appreciate the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ), my friend, colleague, and Readiness Sub-committee ranking member, for her tireless efforts and participation in this process. The creation of the NDAA was truly bipartisan and represents real emphasis for readiness recovery ef-forts and the enhanced defense of our Nation to promote peace through strength, protecting American fami-lies, as we recognize freedom is not free. I strongly support the NDAA for Fis-cal Year 2018 and encourage my col-leagues in the House to support it as well. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ), the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Readiness. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the conference report to accompany the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I commend Chairman T
HORNBERRY , Ranking Member S
MITH, and I would also like to thank the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ), the Read-iness Subcommittee chairman, and the committee staff who worked many, many long nights on this bill. I am es-pecially thankful for the spirit of co-operation that enables us to pass an act that directly impacts the young men and women who defend our coun-try. The conference report authorizes $3.6 billion in additional operations and maintenance funds to increase train-ing, spare parts, facility and equipment maintenance, and other readiness enablers. This is a very important step to support the recovery of readiness in areas that have been adversely im-pacted by high operational tempos and made worse by numerous continuing resolutions and the effects of seques-tration. However, Congress must go further and provide the Department with budget stability by repealing se-questration so that we can continue to support the training, the maintenance, and the modernization needs of our forces. The conference agreement also in-cludes a number of provisions to sup-port military readiness, such as pro-viding authorities and flexibility for investments in infrastructure, extend-ing direct hiring authorities, pro-tecting training ranges from encroach-ment, and continuing to support the Asia-Pacific Rebalance. The Rebalance is critical to security and stability in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region and a matter of most impor-tance to me because of the recent threats against the United States and, specifically, my home district of Guam. Critically, for my constituents, this agreement provides authority for U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to approve H–2B visas for Guam that support construction projects directly connected to, as well as those associ-ated with, the realignment of military forces to Guam. Additionally, the agreement authorizes $354.6 million for military construction projects in Guam. As Guam’s representative, I will con-tinue to work with the DOD and the USCIS to provide relief for healthcare and other industries that support our military on Guam. While I support the progress that we made in this bill, without further relief, our inadequate workforce will negatively impact our national security. So again, Mr. Speaker, I reiterate my appreciation for the work by our com-mittees and our exceptional staff. The FY18 NDAA provides the resources that our military requires for its missions in this very, very dangerous world, so I urge support for the bill. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TURNER ), the chair of the Tactical Air and Land Forces Sub-committee. Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2810, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I strongly support this bill, and I want to personally thank our chair-man, M
ACTHORNBERRY , for his work in trying to get a higher top line for de-fense. This bill comes in higher than the President’s budget request, but it is in line with both the appropriations and the budget document that came out of the House. This bill authorizes $634.2 billion in the base budget, a much-needed in-crease over the original budget request, and fully supports many of the un-funded requirements identified by the Department that totaled more than $30 billion. The $634.2 billion authorization is essential. Anything less dramati-cally handicaps our ability to restore military readiness over nearly a decade of neglect. This increased base budget funding for fiscal year 2018 begins the long process to rebuild our military’s full spectrum readiness from years of de-ferred modernization brought on by the failed assumptions from the previous administrations’s Budget Control Act and sequestration. Within the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee’s jurisdiction, this bill authorizes over $12 billion in additional funds to address unfunded modernization requirements and crit-ical capabilities gaps. If we do not begin, with this budget, to set favorable conditions to start to reverse the high-risk defense posture we currently have, we will signifi-cantly jeopardize our military’s advan-tage that we have taken for granted in past conflicts and steady-state oper-ations. As such, the bill recognizes the im-portance of land forces in current and future operations and authorizes over $2 billion to accelerate armored bri-gade combat team modernization, to include additional Abrams tanks and Bradley Fighting Vehicles. The bill authorizes strike fighter ca-pability and capacity shortfalls and au-thorizes over $3 billion in additional funding to procure new fifth-generation aircraft and modernize our fourth-gen-eration fleet. These projects address unfunded requirements for the Air Force, Navy, and Marine Corps. The bill also continues to address the needs of the National Guard and Re-serve components by authorizing an additional $250 million for their equip-ment and modernization. This bill prevents the Air Force from reducing critical ISR capabilities. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LAN-
GEVIN ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I would first like to begin by thanking Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH and Chairwoman S
TEFANIK for their tireless work on this bill. It is a good work product, and I am very proud to be associated with it and be supporting it. I would also like to thank the Armed Services Committee staff for their con-tributions for another successful and bipartisan NDAA, in particular, Lind-say, Pete, Kevin, and Neve. I want to recognize Kathryn Mitchell, my MLA on my staff, along with my two fellows, Sean and John, for their contributions and support during the time we put to-gether this mark. I am extremely pleased with the Emerging Threats and Capabilities por-tion of the NDAA. I want to congratu-late Chairwoman S
TEFANIK . This is her first NDAA as chairwoman, and it was a pleasure working with her in a strong bipartisan way. The conference agreement preserves important steps forward when it comes to cyber, information operations, and advanced technologies, and it provides support to our special operators and their families. When it comes to cyber, the bill re-quires the Department of Defense to conduct a cyber posture review to en-sure we have appropriate authorities and policies in place to allow our forces to operate successfully in cyberspace. b1415 It also reinvigorates the DOD’s cyber scholarship program, which provides scholarships and grant opportunities at colleges and universities to boost the Nation’s cyber forces and to bring their expertise into the Department after they graduate. Additionally, the finalized language includes a provision that I wrote in conjunction with Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY , Ranking Member S MITH, and Chairwoman S
TEFANIK to require time-ly notifications for sensitive cyber military operations outside areas of ac-tive hostilities, ensuring Congress is able to conduct appropriate oversight in this new domain. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.043 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9203 November 14, 2017 
The bill makes important invest-ments in advanced technologies that will be game changers for our warfighters, such as the electro-magnetic railgun. We never want to send our servicemembers into a fair fight, and transitioning critical tech-nologies like these will ensure that we avoid the valley of death and provide them with the very best tools that are available. Finally, I am very pleased with the final conference report preserving my amendment expressing the sense of Congress that climate change is a na-tional security challenge and requiring the department to report its effects. This important bipartisan provision represents one of the most significant legislative actions Congress has taken on this issue, and this shift in policy will better prepare our Armed Forces, ensure mission resiliency, and improve our readiness to face the changing cli-mate. Again, I want to thank the Armed Services Committee for their excellent work on this critical bill, particularly Chairman T
HORNBERRY , Ranking Mem-ber S
MITH, Chairwoman S TEFANIK , and, again, all the members of both the committee staff and my staff as well. It was a pleasure working on this very bi-partisan bill in support of all of our warfighters, who we want to make sure that we provide the very best tools that they need to do their job safely and effectively. I thank them for all that they do for our Nation. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OGERS ), the chair of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in strong support of this year’s NDAA and commend the chair-man for his outstanding leadership in getting us to the point we are today. This year’s bill takes the first step to fixing the broken national security space enterprise within the Air Force. In this bill, we streamline the current fragmented leadership structure, elimi-nating over 20 unnecessary internal Air Force boxes on the Air Force acquisi-tion organization chart. The bill empowers the commander of the Air Force Space Command with sole authority to organize, train, and equip space forces. It terminates dupli-cative and ineffective offices like the Principal DOD Space Advisor, the De-fense Space Council, and the Air Force’s A–11 office. Most importantly, it is a step in a long path to getting space right for the betterment of our warfighters. Hopefully, over the coming year, the Senate will focus on the chronic prob-lems facing national security space and work with us to establish a separate Space Corps. On missile defense, the bill ensures that we stay ahead of the threat, which, as we have seen over the last few years from North Korea and their two dozen missile tests, they are ad-vancing rapidly. Also, in this bill, we are authorizing more interceptors, accelerating re-search and development for advanced technologies, and improving acquisi-tion authorities for missile defense sys-tems. And let’s also not forget about what the bill does for our nuclear deterrent. All three legs of the triad will age out and begin retiring over the next dec-ade, but this bill ensures the replace-ment programs remain on schedule. On space launch, we continue the committee’s dedication to the develop-ment of a domestic replacement for the RD–180 engines and to appropriately scoping the DOD investment in devel-opment of current or planned launch vehicles. Finally, I am very pleased with the progress we have made toward getting some of the surplus 1911 pistols into the hands of collectors and off the gov-ernment dime for storage costs. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this legislation. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. COOPER ), who is the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Strategic Forces. Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member S
MITH, Chairman T
HORNBERRY , Chairman M CCAINon the Senate side, and Ranking Member Reid. It is very important that Congress continue this great tradition of passing a Defense Authorization Act. This will be the 57th year. My constituents back home want nothing more than for us to cooperate in a bipartisan fashion for the good of the country. This bill, H.R. 2810, does that. In particular, I would like to thank the Chairman of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee, M
IKEROGERS , who has been a great partner, as we do several very important things: Number one, modernize our nuclear forces and keep the effort going on nu-clear nonproliferation; we fund critical missile defense needs in the face of ris-ing threats from North Korea and other countries; we support U.S.-Israeli missile defense; and we also strength-en, dramatically, our capabilities in space. This Defense Authorization bill takes a decisive first step to address the frag-mentation and lack of focus on na-tional security space issues that the Air Force has shown by reorganizing space within the Air Force and within the Department of Defense. While it does not create the Space Corps that we preferred, it achieves many of the goals that we set out to achieve. Notably, it consolidates acqui-sition, operations, and training of space forces under the Air Force Space Command and eliminates ineffective or redundant authorities across the De-partment. Our assets in space, unfortu-nately, are increasingly vulnerable to attack. This reorganization will begin to provide the focus and coordination necessary to effectively address these growing threats. I thank the chairman of the sub-committee for his strong leadership in this effort and for making this a bipar-tisan process. I would also like to thank the Deputy Secretary of Defense for his engage-ment on this important issue. We will continue to hold the Department ac-countable during this transition pe-riod. I am also pleased that the bill begins to counter the vulnerability of our GPS systems in space which underpin many defense and civilian systems. We increase the resiliency and alternatives to GPS, including thinking outside the box, by relying on our allies and per-haps even exploiting Russian or Chi-nese signals as a means to deter attack on our systems. The conference also dropped restric-tions on extending the new START Treaty, which verifiably limits the number of nuclear weapons that Russia or the United States can deploy. The bill, more effectively, holds Rus-sia accountable for violating the Inter-mediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty by imposing increasing sanctions re-lated to those violations rather than prematurely nullifying the treaty. The conference report also encour-ages a dialogue with Russia and China to reduce risks of miscalculations that could lead to an unintended nuclear war in a crisis. Pressuring Russia, while avoiding an unnecessary nuclear arms race or a precipitous nuclear war, should be top priorities for our defense in the current, more volatile environ-ment. In this context, I support the in-creased focus on modernizing our nu-clear command and control system, which has been too long over-cost and delayed. Finally, the bill ends years of waste-ful spending on the unaffordable and failed MOX project in South Carolina by allowing the Department of Energy to terminate it and move to a solution at a fraction of the cost. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the National Defense Au-thorization Act of 2018. This bill fully funds our Armed Forces, increases troop end-strength, and sets in earnest the modernization of our military and ensures that our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines are properly compensated for the sac-rifices they make for a grateful nation on a daily basis. In my role as the Seapower and Pro-jection Forces chairman, I vowed months ago to set the conditions for the Navy to grow to 355 ships, in ac-cordance with the Navy’s own force structure assessment. I am proud to say that this bill sends the signal to our Navy, the industrial base, and our adversaries that a 355-ship Navy is not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.045 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9204 November 14, 2017 
just a theoretical idea, but rather an achievable reality. The bill expands on the eight ships requested by the administration by adding an additional five ships. The bill also recommends additional ad-vanced procurement for the Virginia- class attack submarines, while fully funding the Columbia-class ballistic missile submarine program. As to aircraft, the bill fully funds the B–21 Raider bomber program, a critical component of the future nuclear triad. This bill also recommends an expan-sion of KC–46A aerial refuelers, C–130J airlift, and P–8 submarine aircraft. Fi-nally, the bill delivers expanded au-thorities that will save the taxpayers billions of dollars. Now, some of our colleagues have suggested that our defense budget is excessive and that additional moneys should be provided towards other ef-forts. Mr. Speaker, this thought is not only misguided, but it is dangerous. We have a constitutional responsibility to provide for the common defense of our Nation. We will not shrink from that responsibility, and I hope none of my colleagues undermine the efforts to de-liver the $634 billion base moneys that are required for our national security. Finally, I want to recognize Ranking Member J
OECOURTNEY . He has been and continues to be a true partner in ensuring the Seapower and Projection Forces of our Nation are properly resourced. I do not think that we would be anywhere close to delivering the 355- ship Navy or providing for our Air Force’s deep-strike capability without his steadfast resolve and sincere efforts to realize bipartisan solutions. Mr. Speaker, I also want to reflect that with the chairman and the rank-ing member and their leadership, and I urge my colleagues to support the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURT -
NEY), the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Seapower and Projection Forces. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2810, and I want to begin by congratulating Chair-man T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH for their really skillful bipar-tisan guidance of this measure. The vote that took place last sum-mer when the House passed it the first time through was the largest bipar-tisan vote, since 2008, for an NDAA, and that didn’t happen by accident. It was because of their great work. I also want to thank my colleague, Mr. W
ITTMAN , on the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee. It is a very bipartisan effort, and the result, I think, really demonstrates that, when you do it that way, you get good results. I also want to congratulate the staff, Dave Sienicki, Phil MacNaughton, and also Lieutenant Commander Dominic Kramer, a Navy fellow who is here today. Their support and work were in-valuable in terms of getting the seapower portion of the bill to the real-ly solid place that it is today. Again, last year, 2016, the Navy came forward with a force structure assess-ment that said: Based on national secu-rity needs around the world, our fleet size needs to grow. When the Presi-dent’s budget came over last May, un-fortunately, there were only eight new ships in that budget; but our com-mittee, again, showing its independ-ence as a coequal branch of govern-ment, produced a seapower mark that boosted that build rate to 15 and, again, has us now on a pathway to achieve the goal that the Navy identi-fied last year. In particular, in terms of the under-sea fleet, our combatant commanders, whether it is an Asia-Pacific or a Euro-pean command, have been loudly warn-ing Congress that we should not allow the decline in the fleet size to occur. This bill, again, authorizes $5.9 bil-lion for the Virginia-class submarine program and provides multiyear pro-curement authority to enter into a contract for 13 Virginia-class, allowing for a build rate to move from two a year to three fast-attack submarines in 2020, 2022, and 2023. The National Sea Based Deterrence Fund, which, again, our committee cre-ated in 2014, extends continuous pro-duction authorities which the Navy has told us will save $383 million in the Co-lumbia-class program, which, again, is about smart procurement, which Mr. SMITH referred to at the beginning. Again, there are other provisions in the bill that I would just note. There was no BRAC that is authorized in this bill. We also gave authority to the United States as part of the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative to pro-vide medical treatment to wounded Ukrainian soldiers, as well as training to Ukrainian healthcare specialists, which our allies desperately need. Again, it is a very, I think, smart move by the committee. Mr. Speaker, as has been noted, this is the 57th year in a row that we have produced an NDAA. It is because we follow regular order. It is because we respect both sides of the aisle in terms of the contribution that they make. We still have meat left on the bone to get the 2018 spending bill done, and hopefully the example that Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY and Mr. S MITH set in terms of al-lowing the process to breathe is the way we are going to get to a successful result, just as we did with 2017. Again, I want to congratulate the leadership of our committee, and I strongly urge all the Members on both sides of the aisle to support passage of this measure. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Military Per-sonnel. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2810, the con-ference report for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. The conference report contains sig-nificant policy and funding initiatives that continue our commitment to our troops and their families, all while maintaining military readiness and ad-dressing important military personnel issues. The provisions contained in this bill provide our warfighters, retirees, and their families the necessary pay and benefits to sustain them in today’s highly stressed force. To that end, this bill establishes a fully funded by-law pay raise for all our servicemembers. After years of lower than by-law pay raise requests, it is critical that we continue to give our troops and their families the pay in-creases they have earned. b1430 It increases the end-strengths of the Active National Guard and Reserve Forces, thereby increasing mission readiness while reducing the stress and strain on the force and their families. It permanently preserves special sur-vivor indemnity allowance payments and closes the gap in the ‘‘widows tax’’ to surviving military spouses. It also continues to improve sexual assault prevention and response by adding a new provision to the Uniform Code of Military Justice, specifically prohibiting nonconsensual sharing of intimate images; expanding Special Victims’ Counsel training; and expand-ing the annual Sexual Assault Preven-tion and Response Report. Finally, spouses of servicemembers are challenged by varying State licen-sure and certification requirements when forced to move to a new State by military orders. Rather than imposing a single Federal standard on the States, we provide a $500 reimburse-ment to defray these costs. We ask States to work with the Secretary of Defense to develop common standards where possible. In conclusion, I want to thank the ranking member, Ms. SPEIER , and her staff for their contributions to this re-port. Of course, we were joined by an ac-tive, informed, and dedicated group of subcommittee members. Their rec-ommendations and priorities are clear-ly reflected in the conference report for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-leagues to support the passage of this conference report. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member S
MITH and Chairman T
HORNBERRY for their leadership. I would also like to thank Chairman T
URNER for his partnership and leader-ship this year on the Tactical Air and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.046 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9205 November 14, 2017 
Land Forces Subcommittee and for maintaining the spirit of bipartisan-ship that is the tradition of this com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, the fiscal year 2018 NDAA takes significant steps to sup-port and protect military members and their families. However, I share Rank-ing Member S
MITH’s concerns that this year’s bill authorizes a level of defense funding that is wholly unrealistic. The numbers included in this bill are well above caps placed on defense spending by the Budget Control Act, and prioritize defense spending at a devastating cost to important Federal agencies and other investments that are critical to maintaining our na-tional competitiveness and the future of our country. They are being put for-ward at the same time that we are con-sidering a tax reform bill that will sig-nificantly cut revenues and, by the lat-est estimate, add $1.7 trillion to the Federal deficit. Accordingly, the in-creased spending included in this bill are hollow numbers and we are failing to deliver a credible or sensible long- term plan to the Defense Department. Throughout my tenure on this com-mittee, I have been guided by our moral obligation to ensure that the men and women that we send into harm’s way are properly equipped and the best protected in the world. I would never deny them the tools they need to defend themselves and our Nation, which is why I will be voting for this compromise. I understand the necessity of many of the programs that are funded each year in this bill and believe its passage is needed to maintain American military superiority against a variety of threats while supporting our men and women in uniform. But ongoing budget nego-tiations need to get realistic. We owe it to our servicemembers to find a respon-sible, balanced path forward that works for both our national and eco-nomic security. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), the distinguished chairwoman of the Sub-committee on Oversight and Investiga-tions. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the conference re-port for the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I would like to thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY , Ranking Member S MITH, all of the conferees, and the committee staff for their hard work on this impor-tant piece of legislation. As Members of Congress, it is our re-sponsibility to provide support for our men and women in uniform while they selflessly serve our Nation. This bill authorizes a much-needed $634 billion in base budget requirements for our na-tional security. This number is the minimum requirement needed to even begin the process of restoring our mili-tary’s readiness. Tragically, this year alone, we have heard report after report of deadly training accidents. These accidents demonstrate severe readiness shortfalls across the services. We cannot stand by as our men and women in uniform con-tinue to suffer. Now is the time to in-vest, and this bill does just that. The NDAA authorizes a 2.4 percent pay increase for our troops; authorizes 24 additional F–18 Super Hornets to help fill the Navy’s strike fighter shortfall; and it fully funds the B–21 bomber, a critical platform needed to deter and defeat future aggression around the world. I am proud to represent Missouri’s Fourth Congressional District, which is home to Whiteman Air Force Base and Fort Leonard Wood. This bill funds modernization programs for the B–2 bomber, authorizes $50 million in the DOD impact aid for military-connected schools, and fully authorizes a new hos-pital facility and blood processing cen-ter at Fort Leonard Wood. As chairwoman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, I am proud of the provisions in the con-ference report that will improve the foreign military sales process and pro-vide the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration with much-needed flexi-bility to address the crippling infra-structure of the U.S. nuclear security enterprise. I want to thank Ranking Member SETHMOULTON for his support in work-ing on these important issues in a bi-partisan fashion. Mr. Speaker, our troops deserve this bill and they deserve the funding that this bill authorizes. Thanks to the leadership of Chairman T
HORNBERRY , this conference report increased de-fense spending to meet the needs of to-day’s warfighter. I am proud of this critical bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ), the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations. Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak on the National Defense Authorization Act. I must say that I am so proud to be a member of a committee so known for its bipartisanship. I am particularly proud to serve on the Oversight and In-vestigations Subcommittee with my colleague, V
ICKY HARTZLER , from Mis-souri. I am concerned that this administra-tion is failing to confront the threats our country faces, like Russia, so I am encouraged that this bill includes a package of measures to deter Russia, including U.S. training and support for our European allies; a plan for addi-tional sanctions on Russia linked to treaty violations; as well as a require-ment for the administration to develop a strategy to counter Russia over the long term. The bill also forces the same type of accountability that I have been push-ing for on Syria policy for a long time, requiring the President to submit a comprehensive Syria strategy, includ-ing diplomatic, military, and humani-tarian assistance initiatives. Too often, big bills like this forget the troops on the ground, but this bill raises military pay by 2.5 percent and takes action on specific concerns raised to me and my team by requiring a study on improving opioid prescrip-tion practices as well as additional mental healthcare for those transitioning out of Active Duty. The bill includes a provision I sup-ported for our critical allies in the fight against terror. The Afghan Spe-cial Immigrant Visa program affords Afghan interpreters who have risked their lives—not only for their country, but for ours—the ability to resettle in the U.S. due to threats that they and their families face on a daily basis be-cause they work with U.S. troops. Here at home, our military families selflessly support our men and women in harm’s way and provide the back-bone so important to military commu-nities across our country. That is why I led an effort to include a requirement for the DOD to examine a new Military Family Service Corps to support volun-teer efforts surrounding spousal career support, career transition assistance, community integration for military families, support for liaison programs with schools, as well as families with children of special needs. By building on these efforts, we can ensure our servicemembers and their families are supported to the fullest extent pos-sible. Despite the important provisions in-cluded in this bill, it does come at a time when we as a Congress have forced the Department of Defense to operate under yet another continuing resolution in the absence of a full-year budget; and we are authorizing an un-precedented $692 billion in defense spending, blowing past the budget cap set by the Budget Control Act, by over $80 billion. All the while, Republicans are push-ing one of the most aggressive tax cut packages in history, set to cost our country at least $1.7 trillion. Simply put, Republicans don’t know how to balance a checkbook. Ultimately, it is our servicemembers and their families who will pay the price. As Admiral Mike Mullen, the former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said in 2010 and again in 2016: 
Our Nation’s long-term debt is the single greatest threat to our national security. We ought to balance the budget because it is the right thing to do for the troops. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ), the dis-tinguished chairwoman of the Sub-committee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the con-ference report for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.048 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9206 November 14, 2017 
I strongly believe that this bipartisan bill puts us on a course towards readi-ness recovery, ensuring that our mili-tary is fully equipped, trained, and sup-ported. As the chairwoman of the Sub-committee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, I am especially proud of our contributions to ensure proper resourcing and authorities for cyber warfare, safeguarding our techno-logical superiority and defense innova-tion, enabling Special Operations Forces to counter terrorism and irreg-ular warfare threats around the world, and energizing programs and activities that counter the spread of weapons of mass destruction. I would specifically like to highlight what our subcommittee has achieved this year in the areas of cyber warfare and cyber operations. Our emphasis on cyber has carried three broad themes: First, we increase congressional over-sight of cyber operations by including H.R. 2807, a bill introduced by myself, Ranking Member L
ANGEVIN , Chairman T
HORNBERRY , and Ranking Member S
MITH, which will ensure Congress is kept fully informed of sensitive mili-tary cyber operations. We also require a cyber posture review to clarify U.S. cyber deterrence policy and strategy. Second, we bolster international partnerships for cyber warfare to counter aggressive adversaries such as Russia, China, and North Korea. This includes support for our NATO part-ners and those within the Asia-Pacific region to enhance partnered cyber ca-pabilities and information sharing, and to counter and mitigate adversarial propaganda efforts and information warfare campaigns. Third, the bill continues to build and enhance our U.S. cyber warfare capa-bilities and activities—principally within U.S. Cyber Command, but also across our government—with the serv-ices and within the intelligence com-munity. This includes resiliency of De-partment of Defense networks, weap-ons systems, and supply chains. Furthermore, Mr. Speaker, this bill reinforces counterterrorism and uncon-ventional warfare capabilities by fully resourcing U.S. Special Operations Command’s programs and activities, including ongoing efforts in Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan, Yemen, Somalia, and Eastern Europe. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from New York. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, we also include a new 2-year authority to counter irregular warfare and uncon-ventional threats, such as those being posed by Russia and other adversaries. Before I conclude, I would like to thank Chairman M
ACTHORNBERRY for his leadership, as well as my sub-committee ranking member, J
IMLAN-
GEVIN , from Rhode Island, for his con-sistent bipartisan leadership on all of these issues. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill and to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the conference report. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. CARBAJAL ), a member of the Armed Services Committee. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Ranking Member S
MITH, Chairman T HORNBERRY , and the committee staff for working with me to include language that brings atten-tion to the threat of nuclear prolifera-tion. Currently, nine countries possess over 15,000 nuclear weapons, and the United States plans to spend $1.2 tril-lion over the next 30 years to upgrade and expand its nuclear stockpile. As we build up our nuclear arsenal, we are in-creasing the risk of these destructive weapons ending up in the hands of ter-rorists. The language I included in this bill stresses the importance of addressing this danger and requires the Secretary of Defense to explain how the Depart-ment of Defense is responding to this threat. When Secretary Mattis testi-fied before our committee, I asked him about this ongoing threat and he told me that nuclear proliferation has not received enough attention over quite a few years. This amendment is a welcome first step in the development of a robust strategy against nuclear proliferation. b1445 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ), who is a very valued member of our committee. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, pro-viding for the common defense, that is a constitutional duty that this gov-erning body was tasked with. By pass-ing the NDAA, we are working to en-sure that our country keeps faith with those who bravely serve and their fami-lies. While the world has grown more dan-gerous, our military has grown small-er. Our men and women in uniform and their equipment have been stretched thin after years of war, billions in budget cuts, downsizing, and continued funding uncertainty. The 2018 NDAA reverses these trend lines. Passing this bill fully funds the 2.4 percent pay raise our troops have earned so we can support our troops and they can support their families. This legislation brings attention to maximizing our military health sys-tems and includes a study on safe opioid prescribing practices for our troops so our warfighters receive the best possible treatment. Rebuilding our readiness along with acquisition reform, equipment mod-ernization, and increased end strength will better prepare our men and women as they put on the uniform and fight for us. Our troops serve so that we can sleep well at night, and they ask for nothing in return. Mr. Speaker, I urge the full House to vote in favor of the NDAA. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time each side has remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Washington has 6 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 12 minutes remaining. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ), who is a member of the Armed Services Committee. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, the House and Senate Armed Services Committees have demonstrated admi-rable bipartisanship in completing this year’s NDAA. This past weekend, as I celebrated Veterans Day in the Dallas/Fort Worth area by honoring local veterans, we spoke about the importance of taking care of our servicemembers, and I think this year’s NDAA does a good job in doing that. I am very proud of the assistance to legal permanent residents who serve in our Armed Forces in understanding their naturalization options. I am also very happy about investments we made in improving diversity, such as the DOD Cyber Scholarship Program, grants for women and minorities in STEM, and funding for HBCUs. I think that these investments will yield a di-verse and stronger national defense workforce for our country’s future. I am also happy that we have contin-ued support for the tactical aircraft that are manufactured in the Dallas/ Fort Worth area, which are very crit-ical to our local economy and our Na-tion’s defense. I am very happy to have been a con-feree, and I am very proud of the hard work that the committee staff has done to help complete this vital piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this conference report, and I want to respectfully remind my colleagues on both sides of the aisle how critical this funding is to our na-tional security. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. K
ELLY ), who is another valuable member of our committee. Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY for his continued leadership in rebuilding and reforming the Depart-ment of Defense. Today I rise in strong support of H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018. As a 32-year veteran of the Mis-sissippi Army National Guard and two Iraq deployments, I know the national security challenges facing our country firsthand. This year’s NDAA makes important strides toward achieving equipment and benefits parity for our armed serv-ices’ Reserve component. The enemies of this country do not distinguish be-tween the Active component and Re-serve component of our military, and neither should we. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.049 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9207 November 14, 2017 
I am happy to report that this year’s NDAA increases the size of both our Active component and our Reserve component. It also increases benefits parity to our Reserve component sol-diers by authorizing those deployed on title X orders to receive preactivation and postactivation TRICARE coverage when on 12304a and 12304b orders. Addi-tionally, the FY18 NDAA will allow for procurement of much-needed equip-ment for our Reserve component. Finally, I would like to thank my subcommittee chairmen—Mr. C
OFF-
MAN, Mr. W ILSON , and Mr. T URNER —for their leadership and hard work through this process. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ), who is the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Readiness, for purposes of a colloquy with the chairman. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and wish to engage the gentleman from Texas, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, in a colloquy. Let me first start by thanking Chair-man T
HORNBERRY , Ranking Member S
MITH, and the committee staff for working diligently with us to address the workforce issues impacting the military realignment on Guam. The conference agreement includes a provision to remedy the H–2B visa de-nial issue, particularly affecting con-struction projects on Guam, by grant-ing USCIS the authority to approve temporary workers for construction work directly connected to or associ-ated with the military realignment oc-curring on Guam through 2023. Providing for this small, temporary workforce is very important, given the strategic importance of Guam as the sole U.S. territory in the western Pa-cific capable of basing significant joint force capabilities and the reality that exceedingly few U.S. mainland workers are willing to travel to Guam to per-form this temporary work. My understanding is that the intent behind the inclusion of the phrase ‘‘as-sociated with’’ is to allow for approval of visas for individuals performing work not only on military-funded fa-cilities and infrastructure, but also for civilian infrastructure projects outside the gate, for example, infrastructure projects funded by the Federal Govern-ment, the government of Guam, or nongovernmental sources that are being done, in part, because of the in-creased number of military personnel and military families moving to Guam. Is that the chairman’s understanding of the intent behind the provision? Mr. THORNBERRY. Will the gentle-woman yield? Ms. BORDALLO. I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member of the Readiness Subcommittee for her work on this issue. From my visit to Guam last year, I have seen the tremendous military buildup and military value of Guam, and I understand that more is needed as Guam remains a strategic fixture in ensuring peace and stability in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman from Guam if she would con-tinue to yield to me. Ms. BORDALLO. I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. I agree with the gentlewoman’s understanding of the provision. Further, I support efforts to ensure that Guam has the workforce needed to maintain its strategic posture and military presence necessary to the na-tional security of the United States. I look forward to continuing to work with the gentlewoman from Guam to-ward that end. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman very much and ap-preciate his great support and look for-ward to continuing to work with him on the implementation of this provi-sion and to address future workforce needs on Guam in support of the mili-tary realignment. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
ANKS ), who is a valuable member of our committee. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor of my time in Con-gress to serve on the House Armed Services Committee with Chairman T
HORNBERRY , and I am grateful for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the fiscal year 2018 National Defense Authorization Act conference report. As the most recently deployed vet-eran serving in Congress, I have seen the national security challenges facing our country, firsthand. While these challenges are not easily solved, this legislation represents a significant step forward. Whether it is giving our troops a well-deserved raise, significantly in-creasing end strength numbers for each of the services, allowing for the contin-ued transfer of excess defense articles to allies abroad who are in need, or funding our vital missile defense pro-grams, this legislation begins the long process of rebuilding and reforming our military so we are ready for whatever comes next. Mr. Speaker, my gratitude goes out to those serving both here at home and abroad, and I urge my colleagues to support this important bipartisan leg-islation. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ), who is a valu-able member of our committee. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act and commend Chair-man T
HORNBERRY for his exemplary leadership in our national defense. I join my House colleagues in sending a strong, bipartisan message to the American people that national security must be and will be a national priority for this Congress. As a member of the Armed Services Committee and a conferee, I am proud of the strong, bipartisan consensus we have forged in both Chambers to re-versing our dangerous decline in mili-tary readiness. Yet we must temper any pride we feel with the sober reality of the state we are in today: defense spending as a percent of GDP is at his-toric lows, operational tempo is at his-toric highs, and threats are growing more stark. There have been 31 CRs in 10 years, which is a disgrace: a decade of de-ferred maintenance and modernization, aircraft that don’t fly, ships that don’t sail, and vehicles that can’t move, shoot, or communicate on the modern battlefield. Mishap rates are rising, fa-talities are rising, and training is at an all-time low. We have got to fix this. Despite the lessons of history, we are simply unprepared to fight a modern war in space, cyberspace, in the air, on land, and at sea. I served in uniform under the past five Presidents and witnessed this ero-sion of battle readiness firsthand. For me, this is personal. This NDAA repairs the damage. The additional funding authorized in this bill makes a credible down payment in preserving the common defense and sends a message to both our adver-saries and our military of peace through strength. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for this conference report. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLAGHER ), who is an-other valuable member of our com-mittee. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues in the House to support the 2018 NDAA con-ference report. This body has no higher or more ur-gent priority than providing for the common defense and restoring our military readiness. I am proud of the final text that my colleagues in the House and Senate worked together on so diligently. Not only does this legislation author-ize a total of nearly $700 billion in de-fense spending, a $26 billion increase above the President’s budget request, but it also provides the largest pay raise for our troops in 8 years. This NDAA also gets us closer to the critical goal of a 355-ship Navy and in-cludes funding for three littoral com-bat ships, helping to meet the Navy’s urgent and enduring requirement for more small surface combatants. I want to thank Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY for his leadership and my col-leagues in the House and Senate who fought tooth and nail to give our warfighters the resources they need to deter threats, support our allies, and, above all, keep the American people safe. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.051 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9208 November 14, 2017 
Pennsylvania (Mr. R OTHFUS ), who is a strong proponent of a strong national defense. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , and the committee for their diligent work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this NDAA conference report. I ap-plaud this bill’s goal to improve the readiness level of our military which has been depleted of critical resources after many years of defending this country. Not only does this legislation begin to rebuild our forces, it includes a long overdue pay raise for our troops. I applaud the bill’s reforms to im-prove the military healthcare system and make sure taxpayer resources are used appropriately. I especially want to highlight the current situation in Afghanistan, which needs drastic improvement. Shoring up Afghani security forces is only part of a short-term solution. We need a long-term strategy that brings stability to Afghanistan as well as the entire region. The NDAA directs Sec-retary Mattis to develop such a 5-year strategy. This is a good step, and I urge the military to continue thinking long term. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this report. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ), who is a valu-able member of our committee. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his great work throughout this whole process leading the committee and getting this to the finish line, but we need to push it over the finish line. Mr. Speaker, for 56 years, this bill has been the primary way in which Congress executes its Article I con-stitutional duty to provide for the common defense. This year’s bill fi-nally begins to rebuild our military after a half decade of cuts which slashed nearly one-quarter of the de-fense budget. For 6 years, we have just been barely getting by: cutting re-sources as the world becomes more dangerous, asking more and more of those who serve, and putting off tough choices. We are at a key decision point. This bill will continue to save bil-lions of taxpayer dollars while cutting wasteful bureaucracy and streamlining acquisition, but it will also strengthen missile defense and, in many ways, make our military more focused on its core mission of preparing to fight and win wars. There are so many good things in the bill, I can’t go over all of them. I sin-cerely ask my fellow Members to sup-port this NDAA. b1500 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself the balance of my time. As has been mentioned, this is an ex-cellent bill that a lot of people did very good work on. I thank them for that. The only issue I want to raise in clos-ing is the money. That is the sticking point and the difficulty that we have. This bill, as it is currently con-structed, is $80 billion above the budget caps. In the 6 years since the budget caps passed, we have been unwilling to raise those. But we have a larger problem. We have a $20 trillion debt. Our deficit is close to $700 billion. It has no prospect of going down anytime soon. At the same time, we have other needs. During this debate, we focused like a laser on armed services and the needs of national security and our troops, as well we should. Those needs are incred-ibly important. I don’t doubt that for a second. But you have to look at the whole or we are not going to be able to meet the needs of our national security and our troops. The amount of revenue that we take in as a country, unsurprisingly, impacts—or should im-pact—the amount of money that we can spend. We are having this debate now. We are talking about how underfunded the military is and how badly we need to shore up our readiness. I agree with all that. The rest of this week we are going to figure out how to make sure that our government takes in trillions of dollars in less money. That is wildly inconsistent. If we believe we have these needs, we ought to be able to pay for them. Then there are the other aspects of the budget. I know we are not supposed to talk about that during the Armed Services Committee debate on the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, but the needs for infracture and education are things that also make our country strong, not to mention the Department of Homeland Security, the intelligence agencies, and other aspects of our na-tional security, which are all part of the same whole. If we are going to get to a fiscally re-sponsible place, we can’t just say de-fense gets whatever it wants and then let the chips fall where they may else-where. On the Armed Services Committee, if we truly care about making sure that our troops have enough money, we need to do two more things in addition to this bill. Number one, we need to argue that we shouldn’t do a massive tax cut to undermine our ability to fund defense and national security. Number two, we need to take a hard look at our national security strategy and figure out where we can save money. If we keep looking at every single section—it is too short here; it is too short here—we do not have enough money. Even if we had a fit of fiscal re-sponsibility and decided to make cuts elsewhere—which hasn’t happened, by the way—and we decided to raise rev-enue instead of cutting it, even if we did that, we are still looking at needs within the national security budget. When you look at the programs that people want to fund over the next 10 years, they are wildly beyond the amount of money that we have. We need a national security strategy that has an honest look at how much money we are going to have. Other-wise, we are not serving our troops. I know the comeback is: How can you put a price on national security? They should get whatever they need. The only problem with that is that they don’t. If we have a national secu-rity strategy that exceeds the amount of money we have, the ones left holding the bag are our troops. They are the ones who are asked to do missions that they are not adequately trained to per-form. They are the ones who are asked to train without the adequate re-sources to train properly. That is what we must fund. To do that, we need to do more than just pass this bill. We need to have a fiscally re-sponsible approach to the overall budg-et. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I, again, want to thank all the Members who have participated in this debate, and even more impor-tantly, all the Members who have con-tributed to this product, especially the members of the Armed Services Com-mittee. Truthfully, Members from both sides of the aisle throughout the House have contributed to it. We have spent several moments here talking about a lot of the details that are in this bill. Mr. Speaker, it is a rather large bill. It covers everything from how much we pay our troops to how many ships and tanks and planes and bullets we buy, as well as what we research and various policies of the De-partment of Defense. So there is a lot in here. Let me take a moment just to step back and remind everybody what this is all about. Our Constitution says one of the reasons we have a Federal Gov-ernment is to provide for the common defense. As a matter of fact, I think that is the first job of the Federal Gov-ernment: to defend the country, to de-fend our lives, and to defend our free-doms. As a matter of fact, Article I, section 8 of the Constitution says specifically it is this Congress’ responsibility to build and support, provide and main-tain the military forces of the United States of America. That is our job. By passing this bill, that is how we fulfill that job. But as we have talked about, what has happened in recent years is the world has grown more dan-gerous. Yet we have cut the defense budget. As a matter of fact, we are spending 18 percent less now on defense than was spent in 2010, if you measure it in real terms, apples to apples. I cannot think of another significant Federal program that has been cut nearly 20 percent over the last 7 years, yet that is what has happened in defense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.053 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9209 November 14, 2017 
What has happened as a result of that? Our troops have borne the burden. We are 2,000 pilots short in the Air Force today. Sixty percent of the F–18s in the Navy and Marine Corps cannot fly today. As Mr. W
ILSON said, we have just seen tragic accidents in the Pacific, where 17 soldiers have lost their lives. We have had other accidents where others have lost their lives and other accidents where they have not. The point I am trying to make is that part of the responsibility for all of that happening rests here with the Congress of the United States not ful-filling adequately, in my view, its job under the Constitution. I would say one more thing, Mr. Speaker. I agree with virtually all of what the ranking member said about the importance of having a strategy and then resourcing that strategy. It is true. We have not had—and there is some responsibility with administrations of both parties—a coherent strategy that holds together and resources that flow from that. We should. The fundamental issue is that it is morally wrong to send men and women out on missions with our military for which they are not fully supported, fully trained, and equipped with the best equipment our country can pro-vide. It is wrong for us to do it, and that is exactly what has been hap-pening. As I mentioned at the beginning, we are not going to turn this around in a single bill or a single year, but we can make a start. This bill makes a start. I will absolutely agree with the gen-tleman from Washington and others that we can’t really start to turn this around without an appropriations bill that follows it, that matches it, and that really does repair our ships and planes, increases our end-strength, and provides the training that I believe we deserve to give to the men and women who serve. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would just re-mind everyone that there are really two reasons we do this bill. One is that we owe it to the people who risk their lives to defend us. Secondly, for the na-tional security of the United States. The challenges to our Nation’s secu-rity have grown more ominous in re-cent years, certainly more complex than at any time in our lifetimes. This is, I believe, a real opportunity on a bi-partisan basis to show the troops that we support them and to show adver-saries and allies alike that the United States is going to stand up and defend ourselves by passing this piece of legis-lation and by following it up with a budget agreement and an appropria-tions bill that follows. That is what I think the Constitution requires of us. I hope my colleagues will agree and support this conference report. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I am out-raged that for the third consecutive year, an amendment to create a service medal for our Atomic Veterans has been dropped from the NDAA Conference Report. I find this particu-larly shocking as this amendment, which I of-fered with my Republican colleague, Con-gressman T
OMEMMER , was approved by the House unanimously by a vote of 424–0. It is unclear to me why our colleagues in the Senate are determined to deprive our Atomic Veterans this most basic recognition of their honorable service. Between 1945 and 1962, about 225,000 members of our Armed Forces participated in hundreds of nuclear weapons tests. These GIs were placed in extremely dangerous areas and were constantly exposed to potentially dangerous levels of radiation in performance of their duties. They were sworn to secrecy, unable to even talk to their doctors about their past exposure to radiation. Thankfully, Presidents Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush recognized the Atomic Vet-erans’ valiant service, and acted to provide specialized care and compensation for their harrowing duty. In 2007, our allies Great Britain, New Zea-land and Australia enacted their versions of this amendment by authorizing a medal to honor their Atomic Veterans who served with the United States. Regrettably, the Pentagon remains silent on honoring the service of our Atomic Veterans, arguing that to do so would diminish the serv-ice of other military personnel who are tasked with dangerous missions. Mr. Speaker, this is a pitiful excuse. Tragically, more than 75 percent of Atomic Veterans have already passed away, never having received this recognition. They served honorably and kept a code of silence that most certainly led to many of these veterans passing away prematurely. Past Administrations and Congresses have dealt with the thornier issues of legality and compensation. What remains is recognizing these veterans’ duty, honor and faithful service to our nation. And time is running out. I thank my colleagues here in the House for supporting this amendment. With their contin-ued support, I hope we can convince the Sen-ate or the Pentagon to finally do the right thing, before it’s too late. We owe it to our vet-erans to honor them for their selfless service to our nation. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). All time for de-bate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 616, the previous question is ordered on the conference report. The question is on the conference re-port. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
21ST CENTURY FLOOD REFORM ACT Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 616, I call up the bill (H.R. 2874) to achieve reforms to improve the financial stability of the National Flood Insurance Program, to enhance the development of more accurate estimates of flood risk through new technology and better maps, to increase the role of private markets in the management of flood insurance risks, and to provide for al-ternative methods to insure against flood peril, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 616, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Financial Services printed in the bill, the amendment printed in part A of House Report 115–408, modified by the amendment printed in part B of the report, is adopted and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 2874 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled. 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE AND TABLE OF CON-TENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘21st Century Flood Reform Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title and table of contents. TITLE I—POLICYHOLDER PROTECTIONS AND INFORMATION Sec. 101. Extension of National Flood Insur-ance Program. Sec. 102. Annual limitation on premium in-creases. Sec. 103. Flood insurance affordability pro-gram. Sec. 104. Disclosure of premium method-ology. Sec. 105. Consideration of coastal and inland locations in premium rates. Sec. 106. Monthly installment payment of premiums. Sec. 107. Enhanced clear communication of flood risks. Sec. 108. Availability of flood insurance in-formation upon request. Sec. 109. Disclosure of flood risk informa-tion upon transfer of property. Sec. 110. Voluntary community-based flood insurance pilot program. Sec. 111. Use of replacement cost in deter-mining premium rates. Sec. 112. Cap on premiums. Sec. 113. Premium rates for certain miti-gated properties. Sec. 114. Study of flood insurance coverage for units in cooperative hous-ing. Sec. 115. Pilot program for properties with preexisting conditions. Sec. 116. Federal Flood Insurance Advisory Committee. Sec. 117. Interagency guidance on compli-ance. Sec. 118. GAO study of claims adjustment practices. Sec. 119. GAO study of flood insurance cov-erage treatment of earth move-ment. Sec. 120. Definitions. TITLE II—INCREASING CONSUMER CHOICE THROUGH PRIVATE MARKET DEVELOPMENT Sec. 201. Private flood insurance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.054 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9210 November 14, 2017 
Sec. 202. Opt-out of mandatory coverage re-quirement for commercial prop-erties. Sec. 203. Elimination of non-compete re-quirement. Sec. 204. Public availability of program in-formation. Sec. 205. Refund of premiums upon cancella-tion of policy because of re-placement with private flood insurance. Sec. 206. GAO study of flood damage savings accounts. Sec. 207. Demonstration program for flood damage savings accounts. TITLE III—MAPPING FAIRNESS Sec. 301. Use of other risk assessment tools in determining premium rates. Sec. 302. Appeals regarding existing flood maps. Sec. 303. Appeals and publication of pro-jected special flood hazard areas. Sec. 304. Communication and outreach re-garding map changes. Sec. 305. Sharing and use of maps and data. Sec. 306. Community flood maps. TITLE IV—PROTECTING CONSUMERS AND INDIVIDUALS THROUGH IM-PROVED MITIGATION Sec. 401. Provision of Community Rating System premium credits to maximum number of commu-nities practicable. Sec. 402. Community accountability for re-petitively flooded areas. Sec. 403. Increased cost of compliance cov-erage. TITLE V—PROGRAM INTEGRITY Sec. 501. Independent actuarial review. Sec. 502. Adjustments to homeowner flood insurance affordability sur-charge. Sec. 503. National Flood Insurance Reserve Fund compliance. Sec. 504. Designation and treatment of mul-tiple-loss properties. Sec. 505. Elimination of coverage for prop-erties with excessive lifetime claims. Sec. 506. Prohibition of new coverage for structures with high-value re-placement costs. Sec. 507. Pay for performance and stream-lining costs and reimburse-ment. Sec. 508. Enforcement of mandatory pur-chase requirements. Sec. 509. Satisfaction of mandatory purchase requirement in States allowing all-perils policies. Sec. 510. Flood insurance purchase require-ments. Sec. 511. Clarifications; deadline for ap-proval of claims. Sec. 512. Risk transfer requirement. Sec. 513. GAO study of simplification of Na-tional Flood Insurance Pro-gram. Sec. 514. GAO study on enforcement of man-datory purchase requirements. TITLE VI—ADMINISTRATIVE REFORMS Sec. 601. Penalties for fraud and false state-ments in the National Flood In-surance Program. Sec. 602. Enhanced policyholder appeals process rights. Sec. 603. Deadline for approval of claims. Sec. 604. Litigation process oversight and re-form. Sec. 605. Prohibition on hiring disbarred at-torneys. Sec. 606. Technical assistance reports. Sec. 607. Improved disclosure requirement for standard flood insurance policies. Sec. 608. Reserve Fund amounts. Sec. 609. Sufficient staffing for Office of Flood Insurance Advocate. Sec. 610. Limited exemption for disaster or catastrophe claims adjusters. TITLE I—POLICYHOLDER PROTECTIONS AND INFORMATION 
SEC. 101. EXTENSION OF NATIONAL FLOOD IN-SURANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) F INANCING .—Section 1309(a) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’. (b) P
ROGRAM EXPIRATION .—Section 1319 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4026) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’. 
SEC. 102. ANNUAL LIMITATION ON PREMIUM IN-CREASES. 
Section 1308(e) of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(e)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘18 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘15 percent’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘5 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘6.5 percent’’; and (B) by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, except that (A) dur-ing the 12-month period on the date of the enactment of the 21st Century Flood Reform Act this paragraph shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘5 percent’ for ‘6.5 percent’, (B) dur-ing the 12-month period beginning upon the expiration of the period referred to in clause (A), this paragraph shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘5.5 percent’ for ‘6.5 percent’, and (C) during the 12-month period beginning upon the expiration of the period referred to in clause (B), this paragraph shall be applied by substituting ‘6.0 percent’ for ‘6.5 per-cent’’’. 
SEC. 103. FLOOD INSURANCE AFFORDABILITY PROGRAM. 
Chapter I of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4011 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘SEC. 1326. FLOOD INSURANCE AFFORDABILITY PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY .—The Administrator shall carry out a program under this section to provide financial assistance, through State programs carried out by participating States, for eligible low-income households residing in eligible properties to purchase policies for flood insurance coverage made available under this title. ‘‘(b) P
ARTICIPATION .—Participation in the program under this section shall be vol-untary on the part of a State or consortium of States. ‘‘(c) S
TATE ADMINISTRATION .—Each partici-pating State shall delegate to a State agency or nonprofit organization the responsibilities for administrating the State’s program under this section. ‘‘(d) E
LIGIBLE HOUSEHOLDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—During any fiscal year, assistance under the program under this sec-tion may be provided only for a household that has an income, as determined for such fiscal year by the participating State in which such household resides, that is less than the income limitation established for such fiscal year for purposes of the State program by the participating State, except that— ‘‘(A) assistance under the program under this section may not be provided for a house-hold having a income that exceeds the great-er of— ‘‘(i) the amount equal to 150 percent of the poverty level for such State; or ‘‘(ii) the amount equal to 60 percent of the median income of households residing in such State; and ‘‘(B) a State may not exclude a household from eligibility in a fiscal year solely on the basis of household income if such income is less than 110 percent of the poverty level for the State in which such household resides. ‘‘(2) STATE VERIFICATION OF INCOME ELIGI -
BILITY .—In verifying income eligibility for purposes of paragraph (1), the participating State may apply procedures and policies con-sistent with procedures and policies used by the State agency administering programs under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), under title XX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397 et seq.), under subtitle B of title VI of the Om-nibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981 (42 U.S.C. 9901 et seq.; relating to community services block grant program), under any other provision of law that carries out pro-grams which were administered under the Economic Opportunity Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.) before August 13, 1981, or under other income assistance or service programs (as determined by the State). ‘‘(3) C
ERTIFICATION BY STATE OF ELIGIBILITY  
HOUSEHOLDS .—For each fiscal year, each par-ticipating State shall certify to the Adminis-trator compliance of households who are to be provided assistance under the State pro-gram during such fiscal year with the in-come requirements under paragraph (1). ‘‘(e) E
LIGIBLE PROPERTIES .—Assistance under the program under this section may be provided only for a residential property— ‘‘(1) that has 4 or fewer residences; ‘‘(2) that is owned and occupied by an eligi-ble household; ‘‘(3) for which a base flood elevation is identified on a flood insurance rate map of the Administrator that is in effect; ‘‘(4) for which such other information is available as the Administrator considers necessary to determine the flood risk associ-ated with such property; and ‘‘(5) that is located in a community that is participating in the national flood insurance program. ‘‘(f) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE .—Under the pro-gram under this section, a participating State shall elect to provide financial assist-ance for eligible households in one of the fol-lowing forms: ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION ON RATE INCREASES .—By es- tablishing a limitation on the rate of in-creases in the amount of chargeable pre-miums paid by eligible households for flood insurance coverage made available under this title. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON RATES .—By establishing a limitation on the amount of chargeable premiums paid by eligible households for flood insurance coverage made available under this title. ‘‘(g) N
OTIFICATION TO FEMA.—Under the program under this section, a participating State shall, on a fiscal year basis and at the time and in the manner provided by the Ad-ministrator— ‘‘(1) identify for the Administrator the eli-gible households residing in the State who are to be provided assistance under the State program during such fiscal year; and ‘‘(2) notify the Administrator of the type and levels of assistance elected under sub-section (f) to be provided under the State program with respect to such eligible house-holds residing in the State. ‘‘(h) A
MOUNT OF ASSISTANCE .—Under the program under this section, in each fiscal year the Administrator shall, notwith-standing section 1308, make flood insurance coverage available for purchase by house-holds identified as eligible households for such fiscal year by a participating State pur-suant to subsection (e) at chargeable pre-mium rates that are discounted by an amount that is based on the type and levels of assistance elected pursuant to subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9211 November 14, 2017 
(f) by the participating State for such fiscal year. ‘‘(i) B
ILLING STATEMENT .—In the case of an eligible household for which assistance under the program under this section is provided with respect to a policy for flood insurance coverage, the annual billing statement for such policy shall include statements of the following amounts: ‘‘(1) The estimated risk premium rate for the property under section 1307(a)(1). ‘‘(2) If applicable, the estimated risk pre-mium rate for the property under section 1307(a)(2). ‘‘(3) The chargeable risk premium rate for the property taking into consideration the discount pursuant to subsection (h). ‘‘(4) The amount of the discount pursuant to subsection (h) for the property. ‘‘(5) The number and dollar value of claims filed for the property, over the life of the property, under a flood insurance policy made available under the Program and the effect, under this Act, of filing any further claims under a flood insurance policy with respect to that property. ‘‘(j) F
UNDING THROUGH STATE AFFORD -
ABILITY SURCHARGES .— ‘‘(1) I
MPOSITION AND COLLECTION .—Notwith- standing section 1308, for each fiscal year in which flood insurance coverage under this title is made available for properties in a participating State at chargeable premium rates that are discounted pursuant to sub-section (f), the Administrator shall impose and collect a State affordability surcharge on each policy for flood insurance coverage for a property located in such participating State that is (A) not a residential property having 4 or fewer residences, or (B) is such a residential property but is owned by a house-hold that is not an eligible household for purposes of such fiscal year. ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT .—The amount of the State af-fordability surcharge imposed during a fiscal year on each such policy for a property in a participating State shall be— ‘‘(A) sufficient such that the aggregate amount of all such State affordability sur-charges imposed on properties in such par-ticipating State during such fiscal year is equal to the aggregate amount by which all policies for flood insurance coverage under this title sold during such fiscal year for properties owned by eligible households in the participating State are discounted pursu-ant to subsection (f); and ‘‘(B) the same amount for each property in the participating State being charged such a surplus. ‘‘(k) T
REATMENT OF OTHER SURCHARGES .— The provision of assistance under the pro-gram under this section with respect to any property and any limitation on premiums or premium increases pursuant to subsection (f) for the property shall not affect the applica-bility or amount of any surcharge under sec-tion 1308A for the property, of any increase in premiums charged for the property pursu-ant to section 1310A(c), or of any equivalency fee under section 1308B for the property. ‘‘(l) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the following definitions shall apply: ‘‘(1) P
ARTICIPATING STATE .—The term ‘par-ticipating State’ means, with respect to a fiscal year, a State that is participating in the program under this section for such fis-cal year. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE HOUSEHOLD .—The term ‘eligi-ble household’ means, with respect to a fiscal year and a participating State, a household that has an income that is less than the amount of the income limitation for the fis-cal year established for purposes of the State program of such participating State pursu-ant to subsection (g)(1). ‘‘(3) P
OVERTY LEVEL .—The term ‘poverty level’’ means, with respect to a household in any State, the income poverty line as pre-scribed and revised at least annually pursu-ant to section 673(2) of the Community Serv-ices Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902(2)), as applicable to such State. ‘‘(4) STATE .—The term ‘State’ shall include a consortium of States established for pur-poses of administrating the program under this section with respect to the member States of the consortium. ‘‘(5) S
TATE PROGRAM .—The term ‘State pro-gram’ means a program carried out in com-pliance with this section by a participating State in conjunction with the program under this section of the Administrator. ‘‘(m) R
EGULATIONS .—The Administrator shall issue such regulations as may be nec-essary to carry out the program under this section.’’. 
SEC. 104. DISCLOSURE OF PREMIUM METHOD-OLOGY. 
Section 1308 of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(n) D
ISCLOSURE OF PREMIUM METHOD -
OLOGY .— ‘‘(1) D
ISCLOSURE .—Six months prior to the effective date of risk premium rates, the Ad-ministrator shall cause to be published in the Federal Register an explanation of the bases for, and methodology used to deter-mine, the chargeable premium rates to be ef-fective for flood insurance coverage under this title. ‘‘(2) A
LIGNMENT WITH INDUSTRY PRAC -
TICES .—The disclosure required under para-graph (1) shall, to the extent practicable, be aligned with industry patterns and practices and shall include information and data rec-ommended by the State insurance commis-sioners guidelines on rate filings. ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC MEETINGS .—The Administrator shall, on an annual basis, hold at least one public meeting in each of the geographical regions of the United States, as defined by the Administrator for purposes of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program, for the pur-pose of explaining the methodology de-scribed in paragraph (1) and answering ques-tions and receiving comments regarding such methodology. The Administrator shall pro-vide notice of each such public meeting in advance, in such manner, and in using such means as are reasonably designed to notify interested parties and members of the public of the date and time, location, and purpose of such meeting, and of how to submit ques-tions or comments.’’. 
SEC. 105. CONSIDERATION OF COASTAL AND IN-LAND LOCATIONS IN PREMIUM RATES. 
(a) E STIMATES OF PREMIUM RATES .—Sub- paragraph (A) of section 1307(a)(1) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4014(a)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) the differences in flood risk for prop-erties impacted by coastal flood risk and properties impacted by riverine, or inland flood risk; and’’. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF CHARGEABLE PRE-
MIUM RATES .—Paragraph (1) of section 1308(b) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(b)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘due to differences in flood risk resulting from coastal flood hazards and riverine, or inland flood hazards and’’ after ‘‘including differences in risks’’. (c) R
EVISED RATES .—Not later than the ex-piration of the two-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall revise risk pre-mium rates under the National Flood Insur-ance Program to implement the amendments made by this section. SEC. 106. MONTHLY INSTALLMENT PAYMENT OF PREMIUMS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Subsection (g) of section 1308 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(g)) is amended— (1) by striking the subsection designation and all that follows through ‘‘With respect’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(g) F
REQUENCY OF PREMIUM COLLECTION .— ‘‘(1) O
PTIONS .—With respect’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) M
ONTHLY INSTALLMENT PAYMENT OF  
PREMIUMS .— ‘‘(A) E
XEMPTION FROM RULEMAKING .—Until such time as the Administrator promulgates regulations implementing paragraph (1) of this subsection, the Administrator may adopt policies and procedures, notwith-standing any other provisions of law and in alignment and consistent with existing in-dustry escrow and servicing standards, nec-essary to implement such paragraph without undergoing notice and comment rulemaking and without conducting regulatory analyses otherwise required by statute, regulation, or Executive order. ‘‘(B) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—The Administrator may initially implement paragraph (1) of this subsection as a pilot program that pro-vides for a gradual phase-in of implementa-tion. ‘‘(C) P
OLICYHOLDER PROTECTION .—The Ad- ministrator may— ‘‘(i) during the 12-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this subpara-graph, charge policyholders choosing to pay premiums in monthly installments a fee for the total cost of the monthly collection of premiums not to exceed $25 annually; and ‘‘(ii) after the expiration of the 12-month period referred to in clause (i), adjust the fee charged annually to cover the total cost of the monthly collection of premiums as de-termined by the report submitted pursuant to subparagraph (D). ‘‘(D) R
EPORT .—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit a re-port to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, that sets forth all of the costs associated with the monthly pay-ment of premiums, including any up-front costs associated with infrastructure develop-ment, the impact on all policyholders includ-ing those that exercise the option to pay monthly and those that do not, options for minimizing the costs, particularly the costs to policyholders, and the feasibility of adopt-ing practices that serve to minimize costs to policyholders such as automatic payments and electronic payments. ‘‘(E) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—On an annual basis, the Administrator shall report to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate the ongoing costs associated with the monthly payment of premiums.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Clause (ii) of section 1307(a)(1)(B) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4014(a)(1)(B)(ii)) is amended by inserting before ‘‘any adminis-trative expenses’’ the following: ‘‘the costs associated with the monthly collection of premiums provided for in section 1308(g) (42 U.S.C. 4015(g)), but only if such costs exceed the operating costs and allowances set forth in clause (i) of this subparagraph, and’’. 
SEC. 107. ENHANCED CLEAR COMMUNICATION OF FLOOD RISKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (l) of section 1308 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(l)) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9212 November 14, 2017 
‘‘(l) C LEAR COMMUNICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) N
EWLY ISSUED AND RENEWED POLI -
CIES.—For all policies for flood insurance coverage under the National Flood Insurance Program that are newly issued or renewed, the Administrator shall clearly commu-nicate to policyholders— ‘‘(A) their full flood risk determinations, regardless of whether their premium rates are full actuarial rates; and ‘‘(B) the number and dollar value of claims filed for the property, over the life of the property, under a flood insurance policy made available under the Program and the effect, under this Act, of filing any further claims under a flood insurance policy with respect to that property.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (l) of sec-tion 1308 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, as added by subsection (a) of this sec-tion, shall take effect beginning upon the ex-piration of the 12-month period that begins on the date of the enactment of this Act. Such subsection (l), as in effect immediately before the amendment made by paragraph (1), shall apply during such 12-month period. 
SEC. 108. AVAILABILITY OF FLOOD INSURANCE INFORMATION UPON REQUEST. 
Section 1313 of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4020) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) P
UBLIC INFORMATION  
ANDDATA.—’’ after ‘‘S EC. 1313.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) A
VAILABILITY OF FLOOD INSURANCE IN-
FORMATION UPONREQUEST .—Not later than 30 days after a request for such information by the current owner of a property, the Admin-istrator shall provide to the owner any infor-mation, including historical information, available to the Administrator on flood in-surance program coverage, payment of claims, and flood damages for the property at issue, and any information the Adminis-trator has on whether the property owner may be required to purchase coverage under the National Flood Insurance Program due to previous receipt of Federal disaster assist-ance, including assistance provided by the Small Business Administration, the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, or the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy, or any other type of assistance that sub-jects the property to the mandatory pur-chase requirement under section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a).’’. 
SEC. 109. DISCLOSURE OF FLOOD RISK INFORMA-TION UPON TRANSFER OF PROP-ERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4011 et seq.), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1327. DISCLOSURE OF FLOOD RISK INFOR-MATION UPON TRANSFER OF PROP-ERTY. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR PARTICIPATION IN  P
ROGRAM .—After September 30, 2022, no new flood insurance coverage may be provided under this title for any real property located in any area (or subdivision thereof) unless an appropriate body has imposed, by statute or regulation, a duty on any seller or lessor of improved real estate located in such area to provide to any purchaser or lessee of such property a property flood hazard disclosure which the Administrator has determined meets the requirements of subsection (b). ‘‘(b) D
ISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS .—A prop- erty flood hazard disclosure for a property shall meet the requirements of this sub-section only if the disclosure— ‘‘(1) is made in writing; ‘‘(2) discloses any actual knowledge of the seller or lessor of— ‘‘(A) prior physical damage caused by flood to any building located on the property; ‘‘(B) prior insurance claims for losses cov-ered under the National Flood Insurance Program or private flood insurance with re-spect to such property; ‘‘(C) any previous notification regarding the designation of the property as a multiple loss property; and ‘‘(D) any Federal legal obligation to obtain and maintain flood insurance running with the property, such as any obligation due to a previous form of disaster assistance under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act received by any owner of the property; and ‘‘(3) is delivered by or on behalf of the sell-er or lessor to the purchaser or lessee before such purchaser or lessee becomes obligated under any contract for purchase or lease of the property.’’. (b) AVAILABILITY OF FLOOD INSURANCE COV-
ERAGE .—Subsection (c) of section 1305 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4012(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) given satisfactory assurance that by September 30, 2022, property flood hazard dis-closure requirements will have been adopted for the area that meet the requirements of section 1326.’’. 
SEC. 110. VOLUNTARY COMMUNITY-BASED FLOOD INSURANCE PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Adminis-trator’’) may carry out a community-based flood insurance pilot program to make avail-able, for purchase by participating commu-nities, a single, community-wide flood insur-ance policy under the National Flood Insur-ance Program that— (1) covers all residential and non-residen-tial properties within the community; and (2) satisfies, for all such properties within the community, the mandatory purchase re-quirements under section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a). (b) P
ARTICIPATION .—Participation by a community in the pilot program under this section shall be entirely voluntary on the part of the community. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR COMMUNITY -WIDE P
OLICIES .—The Administrator shall ensure that a community-wide flood insurance pol-icy made available under the pilot program under this section incorporates the following requirements: (1) A mapping requirement for properties covered by the policy. (2) A cap on premiums. (3) A deductible. (4) Certification or accreditation of mitiga-tion infrastructure when available and ap-propriate. (5) A community audit. (6) The Community Rating System under section 1315(b) of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4022(b)). (7) A method of preventing redundant claims payments by the National Flood In-surance Program in the case of a claim by an individual property owner who is covered by a community-wide flood insurance policy and an individual policy obtained through the Program. (8) Coverage for damage arising from flood-ing that complies with the standards under the National Flood Insurance Program ap-propriate to the nature and type of property covered. (d) T
IMING .—The Administrator may estab-lish the demonstration program under this section not later than the expiration of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and the program shall terminate on September 30, 2022. (e) DEFINITION OF COMMUNITY .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘‘community’’ means any unit of local government, within the meaning given such term under the laws of the applicable State. 
SEC. 111. USE OF REPLACEMENT COST IN DETER-MINING PREMIUM RATES. 
(a) S TUDY OF RISKRATING REDESIGN FLOOD  I
NSURANCE PREMIUM RATING OPTIONS .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency shall conduct a study to— (A) evaluate insurance industry best prac-tices for risk rating and classification, in-cluding practices related to replacement cost value in premium rate estimations; (B) assess options, methods, and strategies for including replacement cost value in the Administrator’s estimates under section 1307(a)(1) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4014(a)(1)); (C) provide recommendations for including replacement cost value in the estimate of the risk premium rates for flood insurance under such section 1307(a)(1); (D) identify an appropriate methodology to incorporate replacement cost value into the Administrator’s estimates under such sec-tion 1307(a)(1); (E) develop a feasible implementation plan and projected timeline for including replace-ment cost value in the estimates of risk pre-mium rates for flood insurance made avail-able under the National Flood Insurance Program. (2) R
EPORT .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than the expi-ration of the 12-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report that contains the results and conclusions of the study required under para-graph (1). (B) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall include— (i) an analysis of the recommendations re-sulting from the study under paragraph (1) and any potential impacts on the National Flood Insurance Program, including cost considerations; (ii) a description of any actions taken by the Administrator to implement the study recommendations; and (iii) a description of any study rec-ommendations that have been deferred or not acted upon, together with a statement explaining the reasons for such deferral or inaction. (b) U
SE OF REPLACEMENT COST VALUE IN  P
REMIUM RATES ; IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) E
STIMATED RATES .—Paragraph (1) of section 1307(a) of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4014(a)(1)) is amended, in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A), by inserting after ‘‘flood insur-ance’’ the following: ‘‘, which shall incor-porate replacement cost value, and’’. (2) C
HARGEABLE RATES .—Subsection (b) of section 1308 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(b)) is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by in-serting after ‘‘Such rates’’ the following: ‘‘shall incorporate replacement cost value and’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments under paragraphs (1) and (2) of this sub-section shall be made upon the expiration of the 12-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (4) A
PPLICABILITY AND PHASE -IN.—The Ad- ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency shall apply the amendments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9213 November 14, 2017 
under paragraphs (1) and (2) to flood insur-ance coverage made available under the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 for prop-erties located in various geographic regions in the United States such that— (A) over the period beginning upon the ex-piration of the period referred to in para-graph (3) of this subsection and ending on December 31, 2020, the requirement under such amendments shall be gradually phased in geographically throughout the United States as sufficient information for such im-plementation becomes available; and (B) after the expiration of such period re-ferred to in subparagraph (A), such amend-ments shall apply to all flood insurance cov-erage made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968. 
SEC. 112. CAP ON PREMIUMS. 
Paragraph (1) of section 1308(e) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(e)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘except —’’ and inserting ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (4); and’’; (2) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B); (3) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in clause (ii), by redesignating sub-clauses (I) and (II) as items (aa) and (bb), re-spectively; (B) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iii) as subclauses (I) through (III), respec-tively; and (C) by striking ‘‘(C) in the case of a prop-erty that—’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) The limitations under clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A) shall not apply in the case of— ‘‘(i) a property identified under section 1307(g); or ‘‘(ii) a property that—’’; (4) by striking ‘‘under this title for any property’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘under this title— ‘‘(i) for any property’’; (5) by inserting ‘‘(A) subject to subpara-graph (B),’’ after the paragraph designation; and (6) by inserting before subparagraph (B), as so redesignated by the amendment made by paragraph (3)(C) of this section, the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) for any residential property having 4 or fewer residences and for which there is elevation data meeting standards of the Ad-ministrator, may not exceed $10,000 in any single year, except that such amount (as it may have been previously adjusted) shall be adjusted for inflation by the Administrator upon the expiration of the 5-year period be-ginning upon the date of the enactment of the 21st Century Flood Reform Act and upon the expiration of each successive 5-year pe-riod thereafter, in accordance with an infla-tionary index selected by the Adminis-trator.’’. 
SEC. 113. PREMIUM RATES FOR CERTAIN MITI-GATED PROPERTIES. 
(a) M ITIGATION STRATEGIES .—Paragraph (1) of section 1361(d) of the National Flood In-surance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4102(d)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(C) with respect to buildings in dense urban environments, methods that can be de-ployed on a block or neighborhood scale; and ‘‘(D) elevation of mechanical systems; and’’. (b) M
ITIGATION CREDIT .—Subsection (k) of section 1308 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(k)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall take into account’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘shall— ‘‘(1) take into account’’; (2) in paragraph (1), as so designated by the amendment made by paragraph (1) of this subsection, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) offer a reduction of the risk premium rate charged to a policyholder, as deter-mined by the Administrator, if the policy-holder implements any mitigation method described in paragraph (1).’’. SEC. 114. STUDY OF FLOOD INSURANCE COV-ERAGE FOR UNITS IN COOPERATIVE HOUSING. 
The Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency shall conduct a study to analyze and determine the feasi-bility of providing flood insurance coverage under the National Flood Insurance Program under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.) for individual dwelling units in cooperative housing projects. Not later than the expiration of the 24-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate re-garding the findings and conclusions of the study conducted pursuant to this section, which shall include a plan setting forth spe-cific actions to implement the development of such flood insurance coverage. 
SEC. 115. PILOT PROGRAM FOR PROPERTIES WITH PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. 
Section 1311 of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4018) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(c) P
ILOT PROGRAM FOR INVESTIGATION OF  P
REEXISTING STRUCTURAL CONDITIONS .— ‘‘(1) V
OLUNTARY PROGRAM .—The Adminis-trator shall carry out a pilot program under this subsection to provide for companies par-ticipating in the Write Your Own program (as such term is defined in section 1370(a) (42 U.S.C. 4121(a))) to investigate preexisting structural conditions of insured properties and potentially insured properties that could result in the denial of a claim under a policy for flood insurance coverage under this title in the event of a flood loss to such property. Participation in the pilot program shall be voluntary on the part of Write Your Own companies. ‘‘(2) I
NVESTIGATION OF PROPERTIES .—Under the pilot program under this subsection, a Write Your Own company participating in the program shall— ‘‘(A) provide in policies for flood insurance coverage under this title covered by the pro-gram that, upon the request of the policy-holder, the company shall provide for— ‘‘(i) an investigation of the property cov-ered by such policy, using common methods, to determine whether preexisting structural conditions are present that could result in the denial of a claim under such policy for flood losses; and ‘‘(ii) if such investigation is not determina-tive, an on-site inspection of the property to determine whether such preexisting struc-tural conditions are present; ‘‘(B) upon completion of an investigation or inspection pursuant to subparagraph (A) that determines that such a preexisting structural condition is present or absent, submit a report to the policyholder and Ad-ministrator describing the condition; and ‘‘(C) impose a surcharge on each policy de-scribed in subparagraph (A) in such amount that the Administrator determines is appro-priate to cover the costs of investigations and inspections performed pursuant to such policies and reimburse Write Your Own com-panies participating in the program under this subsection for such costs. ‘‘(3) INTERIM REPORT .—Not later than De-cember 31, 2021, the Administrator shall sub-mit a report to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate describing the operation of the pilot program to that date. ‘‘(4) S
UNSET .—The Administrator may not provide any policy for flood insurance de-scribed in paragraph (2)(A) after December 31, 2022. ‘‘(5) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than March 31, 2023, the Administrator shall submit a final report regarding the pilot program under this section to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. The re-port shall include any findings and rec-ommendations of the Administrator regard-ing the pilot program.’’. 
SEC. 116. FEDERAL FLOOD INSURANCE ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established an advisory committee to be known as the Federal Flood Insurance Advisory Com-mittee (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’). (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) M
EMBERS .—The Committee shall con-sist of— (A) the Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Administrator’’), or the designee thereof; (B) the Secretary of the Treasury, or the designee thereof; and (C) additional members appointed by the Administrator or the designee of the Admin-istrator, who shall be— (i) two representatives of the property and casualty insurance sector; (ii) one individual who served in the past, or is currently serving, as an insurance regu-lator of a State, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, or any federally-recognized Indian tribe; (iii) one representative of the financial or insurance sectors who is involved in risk transfers, including reinsurance, resilience bonds, and other insurance-linked securities; (iv) one actuary with demonstrated high- level knowledge of catastrophic risk insur-ance; (v) two insurance professionals with dem-onstrated experience with the sale of flood insurance under the National Flood Insur-ance Program; (vi) two representatives of catastrophic risk insurance programs; (vii) one insurance claims specialist; (viii) one representative of a recognized consumer advocacy organization; (ix) one individual having demonstrated expertise in the challenges in insuring low- income communities; (x) one representative from an academic institution who has demonstrated expertise in insurance; and (xi) such other recognized experts in the field of insurance as the Administrator con-siders necessary. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—In appointing mem-bers under paragraph (1)(C), the Adminis-trator shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, ensure the membership of the Com-mittee has a balance of members reflecting geographic diversity, including representa-tion from areas inland or with coastline identified by the Administrator as at high risk for flooding or as areas having special flood hazards. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9214 November 14, 2017 
(c) D UTIES .—The Committee shall review, and make recommendations to the Adminis-trator, upon request, on matters related to the insurance aspects of the National Flood Insurance Program, including ratemaking, technology to administer insurance, risk as-sessment, actuarial practices, claims prac-tices, sales and insurance delivery, com-pensation and allowances, generally and based on the complexities of the program, and best insurance practices. (d) C
HAIRPERSON .—The members of the Committee shall elect one member to serve as the chairperson of the Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Chairperson’’). (e) C
OMPENSATION .—Members of the Com-mittee shall receive no additional compensa-tion by reason of their service on the Com-mittee. (f) M
EETINGS AND ACTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall meet not less frequently than twice each year at the request of the Chairperson or a majority of its members, and may take ac-tion by a vote of the majority of the mem-bers in accordance with the Committee’s charter. (2) I
NITIAL MEETING .—The Administrator, or a person designated by the Administrator, shall request and coordinate the initial meeting of the Committee. (g) S
TAFF OF FEMA.—Upon the request of the Chairperson, the Administrator may de-tail, on a nonreimbursable basis, personnel of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to assist the Committee in carrying out its duties. (h) P
OWERS .—In carrying out this section, the Committee may hold hearings, receive evidence and assistance, provide informa-tion, and conduct research, as it considers appropriate. (i) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—The Adminis-trator, on an annual basis, shall report to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, and the Office of Management and Budget on— (1) the recommendations made by the Com-mittee; (2) actions taken by the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency to address such recommendations to improve the insurance aspects of the national flood insurance pro-gram; and (3) any recommendations made by the Committee that have been deferred or not acted upon, together with an explanatory statement. 
SEC. 117. INTERAGENCY GUIDANCE ON COMPLI-ANCE. 
The Federal entities for lending regulation (as such term is defined in section 3(a) of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4003(a))), in consultation with the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency, shall update and reissue the document entitled ‘‘Interagency Ques-tions and Answers Regarding Flood Insur-ance’’ not later than the expiration of the 12- month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and not less fre-quently than biennially thereafter. 
SEC. 118. GAO STUDY OF CLAIMS ADJUSTMENT PRACTICES. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the policies and practices for adjustment of claims for losses under flood insurance coverage made available under the National Flood Insur-ance Act, which shall include— (1) a comparison of such policies and prac-tices with the policies and practices for ad-justment of claims for losses under other in-surance coverage; (2) an assessment of the quality of the ad-justments conducted and the effects of such policies and practices on such quality; (3) identification of any incentives under such policies and practices that affect the speed with which such adjustments are con-ducted; and (4) identification of the affects of such poli-cies and practices on insureds submitting such claims for losses. SEC. 119. GAO STUDY OF FLOOD INSURANCE COV-ERAGE TREATMENT OF EARTH MOVEMENT. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the treat-ment, under flood insurance coverage made available under the National Flood Insur-ance Act, of earth movement and subsidence, including earth movement and subsidence caused by flooding, which shall include— (1) identification and analysis of the ef-fects of such treatment on the National Flood Insurance Program and insureds under the program; (2) an assessment of the availability and affordability of coverage in the private in-surance market for earth movement and sub-sidence caused by flooding; (3) an assessment of the effects on the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program of covering earth movement and subsidence caused by flooding; and (4) a projection of the increased premiums that would be required to make coverage for earth movement losses actuarially sound and not fiscally detrimental to the continuation of the National Flood Insurance Program. 
SEC. 120. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) N ATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE ACT OF  1968.—Subsection (a) of section 1370 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4121(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (14), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (15), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(16) the term ‘Write Your Own Program’ means the program under which the Federal Emergency Management Agency enters into a standard arrangement with private prop-erty insurance companies to sell contracts for flood insurance coverage under this title under their own business lines of insurance, and to adjust and pay claims arising under such contracts; and ‘‘(17) the term ‘Write Your Own company’ means a private property insurance company that participates in the Write Your Own Pro-gram.’’. (b) B
IGGERT -WATERS FLOOD INSURANCE RE-
FORM ACT OF 2012.—Subsection (a) of section 100202 of the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (42 U.S.C. 4004(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (5) and in-serting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) W
RITE YOUR OWN .—The terms ‘Write Your Own Program’ and ‘Write Your Own company’ have the meanings given such terms in section 1370(a) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4121(a)).’’. TITLE II—INCREASING CONSUMER CHOICE THROUGH PRIVATE MARKET DEVELOPMENT 
SEC. 201. PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE. 
(a) M ANDATORY PURCHASE REQUIREMENT .— (1) A
MOUNT AND TERM OF COVERAGE .—Sec- tion 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Sec. 102. (a)’’ and all that follows through the end of subsection (a) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘S
EC. 102. (a) A MOUNT AND TERM OF COV-
ERAGE .—After the expiration of sixty days following the date of the enactment of this Act, no Federal officer or agency shall ap-prove any financial assistance for acquisi-tion or construction purposes for use in any area that has been identified by the Adminis-trator as an area having special flood haz-ards and in which the sale of flood insurance has been made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, unless the build-ing or mobile home and any personal prop-erty to which such financial assistance re-lates is covered by flood insurance: Provided, That the amount of flood insurance (1) in the case of Federal flood insurance, is at least equal to the development or project cost of the building, mobile home, or personal prop-erty (less estimated land cost), the out-standing principal balance of the loan, or the maximum limit of Federal flood insurance coverage made available with respect to the particular type of property, whichever is less; or (2) in the case of private flood insur-ance, is at least equal to the development or project cost of the building, mobile home, or personal property (less estimated land cost), the outstanding principal balance of the loan, or the maximum limit of Federal flood insurance coverage made available with re-spect to the particular type of property, whichever is less: Provided further, That if the financial assistance provided is in the form of a loan or an insurance or guaranty of a loan, the amount of flood insurance re-quired need not exceed the outstanding prin-cipal balance of the loan and need not be re-quired beyond the term of the loan. The re-quirement of maintaining flood insurance shall apply during the life of the property, regardless of transfer of ownership of such property.’’. (2) REQUIREMENT FOR MORTGAGE LOANS .— Subsection (b) of section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a(b)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (7); (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (7); (C) by striking the subsection designation and all that follows through the end of para-graph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR MORTGAGE LOANS .— ‘‘(1) R
EGULATED LENDING INSTITUTIONS .— Each Federal entity for lending regulation (after consultation and coordination with the Financial Institutions Examination Council established under the Federal Finan-cial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1974) shall by regulation direct regulated lending institutions not to make, increase, extend, or renew any loan secured by im-proved real estate or a mobile home located or to be located in an area that has been identified by the Administrator as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance has been made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, unless the building or mobile home and any personal property securing such loan is covered for the term of the loan by flood in-surance: Provided, That the amount of flood insurance (A) in the case of Federal flood in-surance, is at least equal to the outstanding principal balance of the loan or the max-imum limit of Federal flood insurance cov-erage made available with respect to the par-ticular type of property, whichever is less; or (B) in the case of private flood insurance, is at least equal to the outstanding principal balance of the loan or the maximum limit of Federal flood insurance coverage made avail-able with respect to the particular type of property, whichever is less. ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL AGENCY LENDERS AND MORT -
GAGE INSURANCE AND GUARANTEE AGENCIES .— ‘‘(A) F
EDERAL AGENCY LENDERS .—A Federal agency lender may not make, increase, ex-tend, or renew any loan secured by improved real estate or a mobile home located or to be located in an area that has been identified by the Administrator as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance has been made available under the National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9215 November 14, 2017 
Flood Insurance Act of 1968, unless the build-ing or mobile home and any personal prop-erty securing such loan is covered for the term of the loan by flood insurance in ac-cordance with paragraph (1). Each Federal agency lender may issue any regulations necessary to carry out this paragraph. Such regulations shall be consistent with and sub-stantially identical to the regulations issued under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) O
THER FEDERAL MORTGAGE ENTITIES .— ‘‘(i) C
OVERAGE REQUIREMENTS .—Each cov-ered Federal mortgage entity shall imple-ment procedures reasonably designed to en-sure that, for any loan that— ‘‘(I) is secured by improved real estate or a mobile home located in an area that has been identified, at the time of the origina-tion of the loan or at any time during the term of the loan, by the Administrator as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance is available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, and ‘‘(II) is made, insured, held, or guaranteed by such entity, or backs or on which is based any trust certificate or other security for which such entity guarantees the timely payment of principal and interest, the building or mobile home and any per-sonal property securing the loan is covered for the term of the loan by flood insurance in the amount provided in paragraph (1). ‘‘(ii) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sub-paragraph, the term ‘covered Federal mort-gage entity’ means— ‘‘(I) the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, with respect to mortgages in-sured under the National Housing Act; ‘‘(II) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-spect to loans made, insured, or guaranteed under title V of the Housing Act of 1949; and ‘‘(III) the Government National Mortgage Association. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENT TO ACCEPT FLOOD INSUR -
ANCE .—Each Federal agency lender and each covered Federal mortgage entity shall ac-cept flood insurance as satisfaction of the flood insurance coverage requirement under subparagraph (A) or (B), respectively, if the flood insurance coverage meets the require-ments for coverage under such subparagraph and the requirements relating to financial strength issued pursuant to paragraph (4). ‘‘(3) G
OVERNMENT -SPONSORED ENTERPRISES  
FOR HOUSING .—The Federal National Mort-gage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation shall implement pro-cedures reasonably designed to ensure that, for any loan that is— ‘‘(A) secured by improved real estate or a mobile home located in an area that has been identified, at the time of the origina-tion of the loan or at any time during the term of the loan, by the Administrator as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance is available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, and ‘‘(B) purchased or guaranteed by such enti-ty, the building or mobile home and any per-sonal property securing the loan is covered for the term of the loan by flood insurance in the amount provided in paragraph (1). The Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corpora-tion shall accept flood insurance as satisfac-tion of the flood insurance coverage require-ment under paragraph (1) if the flood insur-ance coverage provided meets the require-ments for coverage under that paragraph and the requirements relating to financial strength issued pursuant to paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS REGARDING FINANCIAL  
STRENGTH .—The Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, in consultation with the Federal National Mortgage Associa-tion, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Cor-poration, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, the Government Na-tional Mortgage Association, and the Sec-retary of Agriculture shall develop and im-plement requirements relating to the finan-cial strength of private insurance companies from which such entities and agencies will accept private flood insurance, provided that such requirements shall not affect or conflict with any State law, regulation, or procedure concerning the regulation of the business of insurance. ‘‘(5) APPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(A) E
XISTING COVERAGE .—Except as pro-vided in subparagraph (B), paragraph (1) shall apply on the date of enactment of the Riegle Community Development and Regu-latory Improvement Act of 1994. ‘‘(B) N
EW COVERAGE .—Paragraphs (2) and (3) shall apply only with respect to any loan made, increased, extended, or renewed after the expiration of the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of the Riegle Com-munity Development and Regulatory Im-provement Act of 1994. Paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to any loan made, in-creased, extended, or renewed by any lender supervised by the Farm Credit Administra-tion only after the expiration of the period under this subparagraph. ‘‘(C) C
ONTINUED EFFECT OF REGULATIONS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, the regulations to carry out paragraph (1), as in effect immediately be-fore the date of enactment of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994, shall continue to apply until the regulations issued to carry out paragraph (1) as amended by section 522(a) of such Act take effect. ‘‘(6) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Except as otherwise specified, any reference to flood insurance in this section shall be considered to include Federal flood insurance and pri-vate flood insurance. Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed to supersede or limit the authority of a Federal entity for lending regulation, the Federal Housing Fi-nance Agency, a Federal agency lender, a covered Federal mortgage entity (as such term is defined in paragraph (2)(B)(ii)), the Federal National Mortgage Association, or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corpora-tion to establish requirements relating to the financial strength of private insurance companies from which the entity or agency will accept private flood insurance, provided that such requirements shall not affect or conflict with any State law, regulation, or procedure concerning the regulation of the business of insurance.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(8) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(A) F
LOOD INSURANCE .—The term ‘flood insurance’ means— ‘‘(i) Federal flood insurance; and ‘‘(ii) private flood insurance. ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL FLOOD INSURANCE .—The term ‘Federal flood insurance’ means an insurance policy made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.). ‘‘(C) M
UTUAL AID SOCIETY .—The term ‘mu-tual aid society’ means an organization— ‘‘(i) the members of which— ‘‘(I) share a common set of ethical or reli-gious beliefs; and ‘‘(II) in accordance with the beliefs de-scribed in subclause (I), agree to cover ex-penses arising from damage to property of the members of the organization, including damage caused by flooding; and ‘‘(ii) that has a demonstrated history of fulfilling the terms of agreements to cover expenses arising from damage to property of the members of the organization caused by flooding. ‘‘(D) PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE .—The term ‘private flood insurance’ means— ‘‘(i) an insurance policy that— ‘‘(I) is issued by an insurance company that is— ‘‘(aa) licensed, admitted, or otherwise ap-proved to engage in the business of insurance in the State in which the insured building is located, by the insurance regulator of that State; or ‘‘(bb) eligible as a nonadmitted insurer to provide insurance in the home State of the insured, in accordance with sections 521 through 527 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 8201 through 8206); ‘‘(II) is issued by an insurance company that is not otherwise disapproved as a sur-plus lines insurer by the insurance regulator of the State in which the property to be in-sured is located; and ‘‘(III) provides flood insurance coverage that complies with the laws and regulations of that State; or ‘‘(ii) an agreement with a mutual aid soci-ety for such society to cover expenses arising from damage to property of the members of such society caused by flooding, unless the State in which the property to be insured is located has— ‘‘(I) determined that the specific mutual aid society may not provide such coverage or provide such coverage in such manner; or ‘‘(II) specifically provided through law or regulation that mutual aid societies may not provide such coverage or provide such cov-erage in such manner. ‘‘(E) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands, and American Samoa.’’. (b) E
FFECT OF PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE  C
OVERAGE ON CONTINUOUS COVERAGE RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Section 1308 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) E
FFECT OF PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE  C
OVERAGE ON CONTINUOUS COVERAGE RE-
QUIREMENTS .—For purposes of applying any statutory, regulatory, or administrative con-tinuous coverage requirement, including under section 1307(g)(1), the Administrator shall consider any period during which a property was continuously covered by pri-vate flood insurance (as defined in section 102(b)(8) of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a(b)(8))) to be a period of continuous coverage.’’. 
SEC. 202. OPT-OUT OF MANDATORY COVERAGE REQUIREMENT FOR COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO FLOOD DISASTER PRO-
TECTION ACT OF 1973.—Effective on January 1, 2019, the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended— (1) in section 3(a) (42 U.S.C. 4003(a))— (A) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (11), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) ‘residential improved real estate’ means improved real estate that— ‘‘(A) is primarily used for residential pur-poses, as defined by the Federal entities for lending regulation; and ‘‘(B) secures financing or financial assist-ance provided through a federally related single family loan program, as defined by the Federal entities for lending regulation.’’; and (2) in section 102 (42 U.S.C. 4012a)— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9216 November 14, 2017 
(I) by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘im-proved real estate’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘building or mobile home’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘im-proved real estate’’ each place such term ap-pears; and (II) by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘building or mobile home’’ each place such term appears; and (iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘resi-dential’’ before ‘‘improved real estate’’; and (II) in the matter after and below subpara-graph (B), by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘building or mobile home’’; (B) in subsection (c)(3), by striking ‘‘, in the case of any residential property, for any structure that is a part of such property’’ and inserting ‘‘for any structure that is a part of a residential property’’; (C) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘im-proved real estate’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘building or mobile home’’ each place such term appears; and (ii) in paragraph (5)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘im-proved real estate’’ each place such term ap-pears; and (bb) by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘building or mobile home’’ each place such term appears; (II) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘resi-dential’’ before ‘‘building or mobile home’’ each place such term appears; and (III) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘res-idential’’ before ‘‘building or mobile home’’; and (D) in subsection (h)— (i) by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘im-proved real estate’’ each place such term ap-pears; and (ii) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘building or mobile home’’. (b) A
MENDMENTS TO NATIONAL FLOOD IN-
SURANCE ACT OF 1968.—Effective on January 1, 2019, the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended— (1) in section 1364(a) (42 U.S.C. 4104a(a))— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘residen-tial’’ before ‘‘improved real estate’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘residen-tial’’ before ‘‘improved real estate’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)(A), by inserting ‘‘resi-dential’’ before ‘‘building’’; (2) in section 1365 (42 U.S.C. 4104b)— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘im-proved real estate’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘building’’; (B) in subsection (b)(2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘build-ing’’ each place such term appears; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘im-proved real estate’’ each place such term ap-pears; (C) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘residen-tial’’ before ‘‘improved real estate’’ each place such term appears; and (D) in subsection (e)— (i) by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘im-proved real estate’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘residential’’ before ‘‘building’’ each place such term appears; and (3) in section 1370 (42 U.S.C. 4121)— (A) in paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘residen-tial’’ before ‘‘improved real estate’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (14) through (17) as paragraphs (15) through (18), respectively; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (13) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(14) the term ‘residential improved real estate’ means improved real estate that— ‘‘(A) is primarily used for residential pur-poses, as defined by the Federal entities for lending regulation; and ‘‘(B) secures financing or financial assist-ance provided through a federally related single family loan program, as defined by the Federal entities for lending regulation;’’. (c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—This section and the amendments made by this section may not be construed to prohibit the Admin-istrator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency from offering flood insurance coverage under the National Flood Insurance Program for eligible non-residential prop-erties, other residential multifamily prop-erties, or structures financed with commer-cial loans, or to prohibit the purchase of such coverage for such eligible properties. 
SEC. 203. ELIMINATION OF NON-COMPETE RE-QUIREMENT. 
Section 1345 of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4081) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(f) A
UTHORITY TOPROVIDE OTHER FLOOD  C
OVERAGE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may not, as a condition of participating in the Write Your Own Program (as such term is defined in section 1370(a)) or in otherwise participating in the utilization by the Ad-ministrator of the facilities and services of insurance companies, insurers, insurance agents and brokers, and insurance adjust-ment organizations pursuant to the author-ity in this section, nor as a condition of eli-gibility to engage in any other activities under the National Flood Insurance Program under this title, restrict any such company, insurer, agent, broker, or organization from offering and selling private flood insurance (as such term is defined in section 102(b)(9) of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a(b)(9))). ‘‘(2) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE /SUBSIDY AR -
RANGEMENT .—After the date of the enact-ment of this subsection— ‘‘(A) the Administrator may not include in any agreement entered into with any insurer for participation in the Write Your Own Pro-gram any provision establishing a condition prohibited by paragraph (1), including the provisions of Article XIII of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Federal In-surance Administration, Financial Assist-ance/Subsidy Arrangement, as adopted pur-suant to section 62.23(a) of title 44 of the Code of Federal Regulations; and ‘‘(B) any such provision in any such agree-ment entered into before such date of enact-ment shall not have any force or effect, and the Administrator may not take any action to enforce such provision.’’. 
SEC. 204. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF PROGRAM IN-FORMATION. 
Part C of chapter II of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4081 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1349. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF PROGRAM INFORMATION. 
‘‘(a) F LOOD RISKINFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), to facilitate the National Flood Insurance Program becoming a source of information and data for research and de-velopment of technology that better under-stands flooding, the risk of flooding, and the predictability of perils of flooding, the Ad-ministrator shall make publicly available all data, models, assessments, analytical tools, and other information in the possession of the Administrator relating to the National Flood Insurance Program under this title that is used in assessing flood risk or identi-fying and establishing flood elevations and premiums, including— ‘‘(A) data relating to risk on individual properties and loss ratio information and other information identifying losses under the program; ‘‘(B) current and historical policy informa-tion, limited to the amount and term only, for properties currently covered by flood in-surance and for properties that are no longer covered by flood insurance; ‘‘(C) current and historical claims informa-tion, limited to the date and amount paid only, for properties currently covered by flood insurance and for properties that are no longer covered by flood insurance; ‘‘(D) identification of whether a property was constructed before or after the effective date of the first flood insurance rate map for a community; ‘‘(E) identification of properties that have been mitigated through elevation, a buyout, or any other mitigation action; and ‘‘(F) identification of unmitigated mul-tiple-loss properties. ‘‘(2) OPEN SOURCE DATA SYSTEM .—In car- rying out paragraph (1), the Administrator shall establish an open source data system by which all information required to be made publicly available by such subsection may be accessed by the public on an immediate basis by electronic means. ‘‘(b) C
OMMUNITY INFORMATION .—Not later than the expiration of the 12-month period beginning upon the date of the enactment of this section, the Administrator shall estab-lish and maintain a publicly searchable data-base that provides information about each community participating in the National Flood Insurance Program, which shall in-clude the following information: ‘‘(1) The status of the community’s compli-ance with the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram, including any findings of noncompli-ance, the status of any enforcement actions initiated by a State or by the Administrator, and the number of days of any such con-tinuing noncompliance. ‘‘(2) The number of properties located in the community’s special flood hazard areas that were built before the effective date of the first flood insurance rate map for the community. ‘‘(3) The number of properties located in the community’s special flood hazard areas that were built after the effective date of the first flood insurance rate map for the com-munity. ‘‘(4) The total number of current and his-torical claims located outside the commu-nity’s special flood hazard areas. ‘‘(5) The total number of multiple-loss properties in the community. ‘‘(6) The portion of the community, stated as a percentage and in terms of square miles, that is located within special flood hazard areas. ‘‘(c) I
DENTIFICATION OF PROPERTIES .—The information provided pursuant to sub-sections (a) and (b) shall be based on data that identifies properties at the zip code or census block level, and shall include the name of the community and State in which a property is located. ‘‘(d) P
ROTECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFI -
ABLE INFORMATION .—The information pro-vided pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) shall be disclosed in a format that does not reveal individually identifiable information about property owners in accordance with the section 552a of title 5, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9217 November 14, 2017 
‘‘(e) D EFINITION OF LOSSRATIO.—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘loss ratio’ means, with respect to the National Flood Insurance Program, the ratio of the amount of claims paid under the Program to the amount of premiums paid under the Pro-gram.’’. 
SEC. 205. REFUND OF PREMIUMS UPON CAN-CELLATION OF POLICY BECAUSE OF REPLACEMENT WITH PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE. 
Section 1306 of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4013) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(e) R
EFUND OF UNEARNED PREMIUMS FOR  P
OLICIES CANCELED BECAUSE OF REPLACE -
MENT WITHPRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIRED REFUND .—Subject to sub-section (c), if at any time an insured under a policy for flood insurance coverage for a property that is made available under this title cancels such policy because other dupli-cate flood insurance coverage for the same property has been obtained from a source other than the National Flood Insurance Program under this title, the Administrator shall refund to the former insured a portion of the premiums paid for the coverage made available under this title, as determined con-sistent with industry practice according to the portion of the term of the policy that such coverage was in effect, but only if a copy of declarations page of the new policy obtained from a source other than the pro-gram under this title is provided to the Ad-ministrator. ‘‘(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF CANCELLATION .— For purposes of this subsection, a cancella-tion of a policy for coverage made available under the national flood insurance program under this title, for the reason specified in paragraph (1), shall be effective— ‘‘(A) on the effective date of the new policy obtained from a source other than the pro-gram under this title, if the request for such cancellation was received by the Adminis-trator before the expiration of the 6-month period beginning on the effective date of the new policy; or ‘‘(B) on the date of the receipt by the Ad-ministrator of the request for cancellation, if the request for such cancellation was re-ceived by the Administrator after the expira-tion of the 6-month period beginning on the effective date of the new policy. ‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION OF REFUNDS FOR PROP -
ERTIES RECEIVING INCREASED COST OF COMPLI -
ANCE CLAIMS .—No premium amounts paid for coverage made available under this title may be refunded pursuant to this subsection— ‘‘(A) with respect to coverage for any prop-erty for which measures have been imple-mented using amounts received pursuant to a claim under increased cost of compliance coverage made available pursuant to section 1304(b); or ‘‘(B) if a claim has been paid or is pending under the policy term for which the refund is sought.’’. 
SEC. 206. GAO STUDY OF FLOOD DAMAGE SAV-INGS ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to analyze the feasibility and effectiveness, and problems involved, in reducing flood insur-ance premiums and eliminating the need for purchase of flood insurance coverage by au-thorizing owners of residential properties to establish flood damage savings accounts de-scribed in subsection (b) in lieu of complying with the mandatory requirements under sec-tion 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a) to purchase flood in-surance for such properties. (b) F
LOOD DAMAGE SAVINGS ACCOUNT .—A flood damage savings account described in this subsection is a savings account— (1) that would be established by an owner of residential property with respect to such property in accordance with requirements established by the Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency; and (2) the proceeds of which would be avail-able for use only to cover losses to such properties resulting from flooding, pursuant to adjustment of a claim for such losses in the same manner and according to the same procedures as apply to claims for losses under flood insurance coverage made avail-able under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968. (c) ISSUES .—Such study shall include an analysis of, and recommendation regarding, each of the following issues: (1) Whether authorizing the establishment of such flood damage savings accounts would be effective and efficient in reducing flood insurance premiums, eliminating the need for purchase of flood insurance coverage made available under the National Flood In-surance Program, and reducing risks to the financial safety and soundness of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Fund. (2) Possible options for structuring such flood damage savings accounts, including— (A) what types of institutions could hold such accounts and the benefits and problems with each such type of institution; (B) considerations affecting the amounts required to be held in such accounts; and (C) options regarding considerations the conditions under which such an account may be terminated. (3) The feasibility and effectiveness, and problems involved in, authorizing the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency to make secondary flood in-surance coverage available under the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program to cover the portion of flood losses or damages to prop-erties for which such flood damage savings accounts have been established that exceed the amounts held in such accounts. (4) The benefits and problems involved in authorizing the establishment of such ac-counts for non-residential properties. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than the expiration of the 12-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit a report to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, and the Administrator that sets forth the analysis, conclusions, and rec-ommendations resulting from the study under this section. Such report shall identify elements that should be taken into consider-ation by the Administrator in designing and carrying out the demonstration program under section 207. 
SEC. 207. DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM FOR FLOOD DAMAGE SAVINGS AC-COUNTS. 
(a) P LAN.—If the Comptroller General of the United States concludes in the report re-quired under section 206 that a demonstra-tion program under this section is feasible and should be considered, then the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency shall, not later than the expi-ration of the 12-month period beginning upon the submission of the report under section 206(d), submit to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a plan and guide-lines for a demonstration program, to be car-ried out by the Administrator, to dem-onstrate the feasibility and effectiveness of authorizing the establishment of flood dam-age savings accounts, taking into consider-ation the analysis, conclusions, and rec-ommendations included in such report. (b) A
UTHORITY .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall carry out a program to demonstrate the feasibility and effectiveness of author-izing the establishment of flood damage sav-ings accounts in the manner provided in plan and guidelines for the demonstration pro-gram submitted pursuant to subsection (a). (c) SCOPE.—The demonstration program under this section shall provide for the es-tablishment of flood damage savings ac-counts with respect to not more than 5 per-cent of the residential properties that have 4 or fewer residences and that are covered by flood insurance coverage made available under the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram. (d) T
IMING .—The Administrator shall com-mence the demonstration program under this section not later than the expiration of the 12-month period beginning upon the sub-mission of the plan and guidelines for the demonstration pursuant to subsection (a). (e) G
EOGRAPHICAL DIVERSITY .—The Admin-istrator shall ensure that properties for which flood damage savings accounts are es-tablished under the demonstration are lo-cated in diverse geographical areas through-out the United States. (f) R
EPORT .—Upon the expiration of the 2- year period beginning upon the date of the commencement of the demonstration pro-gram under this section, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate de-scribing and assessing the demonstration, and setting forth conclusions and rec-ommendations regarding continuing and ex-panding the demonstration. (g) F
EASIBILITY .—The Administrator shall implement this section only after deter-mining that implementation is supported by the Comptroller’s conclusions and rec-ommendations contained in the report re-quired under section 206. TITLE III—MAPPING FAIRNESS 
SEC. 301. USE OF OTHER RISK ASSESSMENT TOOLS IN DETERMINING PREMIUM RATES. 
(a) E STIMATES OF PREMIUM RATES .—Sub- paragraph (A) of section 1307(a)(1) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4014(a)(1)(A)), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended— (1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) both the risk identified by the appli-cable flood insurance rate maps and by other risk assessment data and tools, including risk assessment models and scores from ap-propriate sources; and’’. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF CHARGEABLE PRE-
MIUM RATES .—Paragraph (1) of section 1308(b) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(b)(1)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘, taking into account both the risk identified by the applicable flood insurance rate maps and by other risk assessment data and tools, including risk assessment models and scores from appropriate sources’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND REGULATIONS .— (1) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall be made, and shall take effect, upon the expira-tion of the 36-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) R
EGULATIONS .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall issue regulations necessary to imple-ment the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b), which shall identify risk assess-ment data and tools to be used in identifying flood risk and appropriate sources for risk assessment models and scores to be so used. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9218 November 14, 2017 
Such regulations shall be issued not later than the expiration of the 36-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall take effect upon the expi-ration of such period. 
SEC. 302. APPEALS REGARDING EXISTING FLOOD MAPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1360 of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4101) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(k) A
PPEALS OF EXISTING MAPS.— ‘‘(1) R
IGHT TO APPEAL .—Subject to para-graph (6), a State or local government, or the owner or lessee of real property, who has made a formal request to the Administrator to update a flood map that the Adminis-trator has denied may at any time appeal such a denial as provided in this subsection. ‘‘(2) B
ASIS FOR APPEAL .—The basis for ap-peal under this subsection shall be the pos-session of knowledge or information that— ‘‘(A) the base flood elevation level or des-ignation of any aspect of a flood map is sci-entifically or technically inaccurate; or ‘‘(B) factors exist that mitigate the risk of flooding, including ditches, banks, walls, vegetation, levees, lakes, dams, reservoirs, basin, retention ponds, and other natural or manmade topographical features. ‘‘(3) A
PPEALS PROCESS .— ‘‘(A) A
DMINISTRATIVE ADJUDICATION .—An appeal under this subsection shall be deter-mined by a final adjudication on the record, and after opportunity for an administrative hearing. ‘‘(B) R
IGHTS UPON ADVERSE DECISION .—If an appeal pursuant to subparagraph (A) does not result in a decision in favor of the State, local government, owner, or lessee, such party may appeal the adverse decision to the Scientific Resolution Panel provided for in section 1363A, which shall recommend a non- binding decision to the Administrator. ‘‘(4) R
ELIEF .— ‘‘(A) W
HOLLY SUCCESSFUL APPEALS .—In the case of a successful appeal resulting in a pol-icyholder’s property being removed from a special flood hazard area, such policyholder may cancel the policy at any time within the current policy year, and the Administrator shall provide such policyholder a refund in the amount of any premiums paid for such policy year, plus any premiums paid for flood insurance coverage that the policyholder was required to purchase or maintain during the 2-year period preceding such policy year. ‘‘(B) P
ARTIALLY SUCCESSFUL APPEALS .—In the case of any appeal in which mitigating factors were determined to have reduced, but not eliminated, the risk of flooding, the Ad-ministrator shall reduce the amount of flood insurance coverage required to be main-tained for the property concerned by the ratio of the successful portion of the appeal as compared to the entire appeal. The Ad-ministrator shall refund to the policyholder any payments made in excess of the amount necessary for such new coverage amount, ef-fective from the time when the mitigating factor was created or the beginning of the second policy year preceding the determina-tion of the appeal, whichever occurred later. ‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL RELIEF .—The Adminis-trator may provide additional refunds in ex-cess of the amounts specified in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) if the Administrator de-termines that such additional amounts are warranted. ‘‘(5) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS .—When, incident to any appeal which is successful in whole or part regarding the designation of the base flood elevation or any aspect of the flood map, including elevation or designation of a special flood hazard area, the community, or the owner or lessee of real property, as the case may be, incurs expense in connection with the appeal, including services provided by surveyors, engineers, and scientific ex-perts, the Administrator shall reimburse such individual or community for reasonable expenses to an extent measured by the ratio of the successful portion of the appeal as compared to the entire appeal, but not in-cluding legal services, in the effecting of an appeal based on a scientific or technical error on the part of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. No reimbursement shall be made by the Administrator in re-spect to any fee or expense payment, the payment of which was agreed to be contin-gent upon the result of the appeal. The Ad-ministrator may use such amounts from the National Flood Insurance Fund established under section 1310 as may be necessary to carry out this paragraph. ‘‘(6) INAPPLICABILITY TO COMMUNITY FLOOD  
MAPS .—This subsection shall not apply with respect to any flood map that is in effect pursuant to certification under the stand-ards, guidelines, and procedures established pursuant to section 100215(m)(1)(B) of the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (42 U.S.C. 4101a(m)(1)(B)). ‘‘(7) G
UIDANCE .—The Administrator shall issue guidance to implement this subsection, which shall not be subject to the notice and comment requirements under section 553 of title 5, United States Code.’’. (b) D
EADLINE .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall issue the guidance referred to section 1360(k)(7) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4101(k)(7)), as added by the amendment made by subsection (a) of this section, not later than the expiration of the 6-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 303. APPEALS AND PUBLICATION OF PRO-JECTED SPECIAL FLOOD HAZARD AREAS. 
(a) A PPEALS .—Section 1363 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4104) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking the second sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘Any owner or lessee of real property within the community who believes the owner’s or les-see’s rights to be adversely affected by the Administrator’s proposed determination may appeal such determination to the local gov-ernment no later than 90 days after the date of the second publication.’’; (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘sub-section (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)’’; (3) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), and (g) as subsections (f), (g), and (h), respec-tively; and (4) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(e) D
ETERMINATION BY ADMINISTRATOR IN  
THE ABSENCE OF APPEALS .—If the Adminis-trator has not received any appeals, upon ex-piration of the 90-day appeal period estab-lished under subsection (b) of this section the Administrator’s proposed determination shall become final. The community shall be given a reasonable time after the Adminis-trator’s final determination in which to adopt local land use and control measures consistent with the Administrator’s deter-mination.’’. (b) P
UBLICATION .—Subsection (a) of section 1363 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4104(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘in the Federal Register’’. (c) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO PRIVATE AND COM-
MUNITY FLOOD MAPS.—Section 1363 of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4104), as amended by the preceding provisions of this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO COMMUNITY FLOOD  M
APS.—This section shall not apply with re-spect to any flood map that is in effect pur-suant to certification under the standards, guidelines, and procedures established pursu-ant to section 100215(m)(1) of the Biggert- Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (42 U.S.C. 4101a(m)(1)), which shall include procedures for providing notification and ap-peal rights to individuals within the commu-nities of the proposed flood elevation deter-minations.’’. SEC. 304. COMMUNICATION AND OUTREACH RE-GARDING MAP CHANGES. 
Paragraph (1) of section 100216(d) of the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (42 U.S.C. 4101b(d)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘max-imum’’ before ‘‘30-day period’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘max-imum’’ before ‘‘30-day period’’. 
SEC. 305. SHARING AND USE OF MAPS AND DATA. 
Subsection (b) of section 100216 of the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (42 U.S.C. 4101b(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’ ; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) consult and coordinate with the De-partment of Defense, the United States Geo-logical Survey, and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration for the purpose of obtaining the most-up-to-date maps and other information of such agencies, includ-ing information on topography, water flow, and any other issues, relevant to mapping for flood insurance purposes.’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) any other information relevant to mapping for flood insurance purposes ob-tained pursuant to paragraph (1)(D); and’’. 
SEC. 306. COMMUNITY FLOOD MAPS. 
(a) T ECHNICAL MAPPING ADVISORY COUN-
CIL.—Section 100215 of the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (42 U.S.C. 4101a) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (5)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (9); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) recommend to the Administrator methods or actions to make the flood map-ping processes more efficient; ‘‘(7) recommend to the Administrator methods or actions to minimize any cost, data, and paperwork requirements of the flood mapping processes; ‘‘(8) assist communities, and in particular smaller communities, in locating the re-sources required to participate in the devel-opment of flood elevations and flood hazard area designations; and’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) C
OMMUNITY FLOOD MAPS.— ‘‘(1) S
TANDARDS AND PROCEDURES .—In addi- tion to the other duties of the Council under this section, not later than the expiration of the 12-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Coun-cil shall recommend to the Administrator standards and requirements for chief execu-tive officers, or entities designated by chief executive officers, of States and commu-nities participating in the National Flood In-surance Program to use in mapping flood hazards located in States and communities that choose to develop alternative maps to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9219 November 14, 2017 
the flood insurance rate maps developed by the Agency. The recommended standards and requirements shall include procedures for providing notification and appeal rights to individuals within the communities of the proposed flood elevation determinations. ‘‘(2) E
XEMPTION FROM RULEMAKING .—Until such time as the Administrator promulgates regulations implementing paragraph (1) of this subsection, the Administrator may, not-withstanding any other provision of law, adopt policies and procedures necessary to implement such paragraphs without under-going notice and comment rulemaking and without conducting regulatory analyses oth-erwise required by statute, regulation, or ex-ecutive order.’’. (b) FEMA I
DENTIFICATION OF FLOOD -PRONE  A
REAS .—Subsection (a) of section 1360 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4101(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A), and (B), respectively, and realigning such subparagraphs so as to be indented 4 ems from the left margin; (3) by striking ‘‘is authorized to consult’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘is authorized— ‘‘(1) to consult’’; (4) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) to receive proposed alternative maps from communities developed pursuant to standards and requirements recommended by the Technical Mapping Advisory Council, as required by section 100215(m) of the Biggert- Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (42 U.S.C. 4101a(m)) and adopted by the Ad-ministrator as required by section 100216(c)(3) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4101b(c)(3)), so that the Administrator may— ‘‘(A) publish information with respect to all flood plain areas, including coastal areas located in the United States, which have spe-cial flood hazards, and ‘‘(B) establish or update flood-risk zone data in all such areas, and make estimates with respect to the rates of probable flood caused loss for the various flood risk zones for each of these areas until the date speci-fied in section 1319.’’. (c) N
ATIONAL FLOOD MAPPING PROGRAM .— Section 100216 of the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (42 U.S.C. 4101b) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘prepared by the Administrator, or by a community pursuant to section 1360(a)(2) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968,’’ after ‘‘Program rate maps’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) establish and adopt standards and re-quirements for development by States and communities of alternative flood insurance rate maps to be submitted to the Adminis-trator pursuant to section 1360(a)(2) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, taking into consideration the recommendations of the Technical Mapping Advisory Council made pursuant to section 100215(m) of this Act (42 U.S.C. 4101a(m)); and ‘‘(4) in the case of proposed alternative maps received by the Administrator pursu-ant to such section 1360(a)(2), not later than the expiration of the 6-month period begin-ning upon receipt of such proposed alter-native maps— ‘‘(A) determine whether such maps were developed in accordance with the standards and requirements adopted pursuant to para-graph (3) of this subsection; and ‘‘(B) approve or disapprove such proposed maps for use under National Flood Insurance Program.’’. TITLE IV—PROTECTING CONSUMERS AND INDIVIDUALS THROUGH IMPROVED MITIGATION SEC. 401. PROVISION OF COMMUNITY RATING SYSTEM PREMIUM CREDITS TO MAX-IMUM NUMBER OF COMMUNITIES PRACTICABLE. 
Subsection (b) of section 1315 of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4022(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, and the Administrator shall provide credits to the maximum number of communities prac-ticable’’ after ‘‘under this program’’. 
SEC. 402. COMMUNITY ACCOUNTABILITY FOR RE-PETITIVELY FLOODED AREAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1361 of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4102) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(e) C
OMMUNITY ACCOUNTABILITY FOR RE-
PETITIVELY DAMAGED AREAS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall, by regulation, require any covered commu-nity (as such term is defined in paragraph (5))— ‘‘(A) to identify the areas within the com-munity where properties described in para-graph (5)(B) or flood-damaged facilities are located to determine areas repeatedly dam-aged by floods and to assess, with assistance from the Administrator, the continuing risks to such areas; ‘‘(B) to develop a community-specific plan for mitigating continuing flood risks to such repetitively flooded areas and to submit such plan and plan updates to the Administrator at appropriate intervals; ‘‘(C) to implement such plans; ‘‘(D) to make such plan, plan updates, and reports on progress in reducing flood risk available to the public, subject to section 552a of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) I
NCORPORATION INTO EXISTING PLANS .— Plans developed pursuant to paragraph (1) may be incorporated into mitigation plans developed under section 1366 of this Act (42 U.S.C. 4104c) and hazard mitigation plans de-veloped under section 322 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5165). ‘‘(3) A
SSISTANCE TO COMMUNITIES .— ‘‘(A) D
ATA.—To assist communities in preparation of plans required under para-graph (1), the Administrator shall, upon re-quest, provide covered communities with ap-propriate data regarding the property ad-dresses and dates of claims associated with insured properties within the community. ‘‘(B) M
ITIGATION GRANTS .—In making deter-minations regarding financial assistance under the authorities of this Act, the Admin-istrator may consider the extent to which a community has complied with this sub-section and is working to remedy problems with addressing repeatedly flooded areas. ‘‘(4) S
ANCTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall, by regulations issued in accordance with the procedures established under sec-tion 553 of title 5, United States Code, re-garding substantive rules, provide appro-priate sanctions for covered communities that fail to comply with the requirements under this subsection or to make sufficient progress in reducing the flood risks to areas in the community that are repeatedly dam-aged by floods. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE .—Before imposing any sanc-tion pursuant to this paragraph, the Admin-istrator shall provide the covered commu-nity involved with notice of the non-compli-ance that could result in the imposition of sanctions, which shall include recommenda-tions for actions to bring the covered com-munity into compliance. ‘‘(C) CONSIDERATIONS .—In determining ap-propriate sanctions to impose under this paragraph, the Administrator shall consider the resources available to the covered com-munity involved, including Federal funding, the portion of the covered community that lies within an area having special flood haz-ards, and other factors that make it difficult for the covered community to conduct miti-gation activities for existing flood-prone structures. ‘‘(5) C
OVERED COMMUNITY .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘covered commu-nity’ means a community— ‘‘(A) that is participating, pursuant to sec-tion 1315, in the national flood insurance pro-gram; and ‘‘(B) within which are located— ‘‘(i) 50 or more repetitive loss structures for each of which, during any 10-year period, two or more claims for payments under flood insurance coverage have been made with a cumulative amount exceeding $1,000; ‘‘(ii) 5 or more severe repetitive loss struc-tures (as such term is defined in section 1366(h)) for which mitigation activities meet-ing the standards for approval under section 1366(c)(2)(A) have not been conducted; or ‘‘(iii) a public facility or a private non-profit facility (as such terms are as defined in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122)), that has received assistance for repair, restoration, reconstruction, or re-placement under section 406 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172) in connection with more than one flooding event in the most recent 10-year period. ‘‘(6) R
EPETITIVE -LOSS STRUCTURE .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘repetitive loss structure’ has the meaning given such term in section 1370 (42 U.S.C. 4121). ‘‘(7) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Not later than the expiration of the 6-year period beginning upon the date of the enactment of this sub-section, and not less than every 2 years thereafter, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Congress regarding the progress in implementing plans developed pursuant to paragraph (1)(B).’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall issue regulations necessary to carry out subsection (e) of section 1361 of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968, as added by the amendment made by subsection (a) of this section, not later than the expiration of the 12-month period that begins on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 403. INCREASED COST OF COMPLIANCE COVERAGE. 
(a) C OVERAGE OF PROPERTIES AT HIGHRISK 
OFFUTURE FLOOD DAMAGE .—Subsection (b) of section 1304 of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4011(b)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (4), by redesignating sub-paragraphs (A) through (D) as clauses (i) through (iv), respectively, and realigning such clauses, as so redesignated, so as to be indented 6 ems from the left margin; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respec-tively, and realigning such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, so as to be indented 4 ems from the left margin; (3) by striking the subsection designation and all that follows through ‘‘The national’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL COVERAGE FOR COMPLIANCE  W
ITHLANDUSE AND CONTROL MEASURES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9220 November 14, 2017 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY ; ELIGIBLE PROPERTIES .—The national’’; (4) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesignated by paragraph (2) of this subsection), by strik-ing ‘‘Fund’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘Fund to require the implementation of such measures;’’; (5) in subparagraph (D)(iv) (as so redesig-nated by paragraphs (1) and (2) of this sub-section), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (6) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(E) properties that have been identified by the Administrator, or by a community in accordance with such requirements as the Administrator shall establish, as at a high risk of future flood damage; and ‘‘(F) properties that are located within an area identified pursuant to section 1361(e)(1)(A) (42 U.S.C. 4102(e)(1)(A)) by a cov-ered community (as such term is defined in paragraph (3) of such section 1361(e)).’’. (b) C
OVERAGE AMOUNT .—Section 1304(b) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4011(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) (as so designated by subsection (a)(3) of this section), by striking the last sentence (relating to a surcharge); and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) C
OVERAGE AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) P
RIMARY COVERAGE .—Each policy for flood insurance coverage made available under this title shall provide coverage under this subsection having an aggregate liability for any single property of $30,000. ‘‘(B) E
NHANCED COVERAGE .—The Adminis-trator shall make additional coverage avail-able under this subsection, in excess of the limit specified in subparagraph (A), having an aggregate liability for any single property of up to $60,000.’’. (c) A
MOUNT OF SURCHARGE .—Subsection (b) of section 1304 of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4011(b)), as amend-ed by the preceding provisions of this sec-tion, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) S
URCHARGE FOR COVERAGE .— ‘‘(A) P
RIMARY COVERAGE .—The Adminis-trator shall impose a surcharge on each in-sured of such amount per policy as the Ad-ministrator determines is appropriate to pro-vide cost of compliance coverage in accord-ance with paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(B) E
NHANCED COVERAGE .—For each flood policy for flood insurance coverage under this title under which additional cost of compliance coverage is provided pursuant to paragraph (2)(B), the Administrator shall im-pose a surcharge, in addition to the sur-charge under subparagraph (A) of this para-graph, in such amount as the Administrator determines is appropriate for the amount of such coverage provided.’’. (d) U
SE OF CERTAIN MATERIALS .—Sub- section (b) of section 1304 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4011(b)), as amended by the preceding provi-sions of this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) U
SE OF CERTAIN MATERIALS .—The Ad- ministrator shall require that any measures implemented using amounts made available from coverage provided pursuant to this sub-section be carried out using materials, iden-tified by the Administrator, that minimize the impact of flooding on the usability of the covered property and reduce the duration that flooding renders the property unusable or uninhabitable.’’. (e) C
ONTINUED FLOOD INSURANCE REQUIRE -
MENT .—Subsection (b) of section 1304 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4011(b)), as amended by the preceding provisions of this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(5) CONTINUED FLOOD INSURANCE REQUIRE -
MENT .—The Administrator may require, as a condition of providing cost of compliance coverage under this subsection for a prop-erty, that the owner of the property enter into such binding agreements as the Admin-istrator considers necessary to ensure that the owner of the property (and any subse-quent owners) will maintain flood insurance coverage under this title for the property in such amount, and at all times during a pe-riod having such duration, as the Adminis-trator considers appropriate to carry out the purposes of this subsection.’’. TITLE V—PROGRAM INTEGRITY 
SEC. 501. INDEPENDENT ACTUARIAL REVIEW. 
Section 1309 of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(e) I
NDEPENDENT ACTUARIAL REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) F
IDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY .—The Ad- ministrator has a responsibility to ensure that the National Flood Insurance Program remains financially sound. Pursuant to this responsibility, the Administrator shall from time to time review and eliminate non-essential costs and positions within the Pro-gram, unless otherwise authorized or re-quired by law, as the Administrator deter-mines to be necessary. ‘‘(2) A
NNUAL INDEPENDENT ACTUARIAL  
STUDY .—The Administrator shall provide for an independent actuarial study of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program to be con-ducted annually, which shall analyze the fi-nancial position of the program based on the long-term estimated losses of the program. The Administrator shall submit a report (to-gether with the independent actuarial study) annually to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate describing the results of such study, including a determina-tion of whether the Program has collected revenue sufficient to cover the administra-tive expenses of carrying out the flood insur-ance program, which are reflected in the risk premium rates, cost of capital, all other costs associated with the transfer of risks, and expected claims payments during the re-porting period, and an overall assessment of the financial status of the Program. ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATION OF ACTUARIAL BUDGET  
DEFICIT .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT .—Within the report sub-mitted under paragraph (2), the Adminis-trator shall issue a determination of whether there exists an actuarial budget deficit for the Program for the year covered in the re-port. The report shall recommend any changes to the Program, if necessary, to en-sure that the program remains financially sound. ‘‘(B) B
ASIS OF DETERMINATION .—The deter-mination required by subparagraph (A) shall be based solely upon whether the portion of premiums estimated and collected by the Program during the reporting period is suffi-cient to cover the administrative expenses of carrying out the flood insurance program, which are reflected in the risk premium rates, cost of capital, all other costs associ-ated with the transfer of risk, and expected claims payments for the reporting period. ‘‘(4) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—During each fis-cal year, on a calendar quarterly basis, the Secretary shall cause to be published in the Federal Register or comparable method, with notice to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, information which shall specify— ‘‘(A) the cumulative volume of policies that have been underwritten under the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program during such fiscal year through the end of the quarter for which the report is submitted; ‘‘(B) the types of policies insured, cat-egorized by risk; ‘‘(C) any significant changes between ac-tual and projected claim activity; ‘‘(D) projected versus actual loss rates; ‘‘(E) the cumulative number of currently insured repetitive-loss properties, severe re-petitive-loss properties, and extreme repet-itive-loss properties that have been identi-fied during such fiscal year through the end of the quarter for which the report is sub-mitted; ‘‘(F) the cumulative number of properties that have undergone mitigation assistance, through the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram, during such fiscal year through the end of the quarter for which the report is submitted; and ‘‘(G) the number and location, by State or territory, of each policyholder that has been identified for such fiscal year as an eligible household for purposes of the flood insurance affordability program under section 1326. The first quarterly report under this para-graph shall be submitted on the last day of the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, or on the last day of the first full calendar quarter fol-lowing the enactment of the 21st Century Flood Reform Act, whichever occurs later.’’. SEC. 502. ADJUSTMENTS TO HOMEOWNER FLOOD INSURANCE AFFORDABILITY SUR-CHARGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1308A of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking the first sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘The Administrator shall impose and collect a non-refundable annual surcharge, in the amount provided in subsection (b), on all policies for flood insurance coverage under the National Flood Insurance Program that are newly issued or renewed after the date of the enactment of this section.’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT .—The amount of the sur-charge under subsection (a) shall be $40, ex-cept as follows: ‘‘(1) N
ON-PRIMARY RESIDENCES ELIGIBLE FOR  
PRP.—The amount of the surcharge under subsection (a) shall be $125 in the case of in the case of a policy for any property that is— ‘‘(A) a residential property that is not the primary residence of an individual, and ‘‘(B) eligible for preferred risk rate method premiums. ‘‘(2) N
ON-RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES AND NON - 
PRIMARY RESIDENCES NOT ELIGIBLE FOR PRP .— The amount of the surcharge under sub-section (a) shall be $275 in case of in the case of a policy for any property that is— ‘‘(A) a non-residential property; or ‘‘(B) a residential property that is— ‘‘(i) not the primary residence of an indi-vidual; and ‘‘(ii) not eligible for preferred risk rate method premiums.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to policies for flood insurance coverage under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 that are newly issued or renewed after the expiration of the 12-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 503. NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE RE-SERVE FUND COMPLIANCE. 
Section 1310A of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4017A) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (c)(2)(D), by inserting be-fore the period at the end the following: ‘‘, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9221 November 14, 2017 
including any provisions relating to charge-able premium rates or annual increases of such rates’’; (2) in subsection (c)(3), by striking subpara-graph (A) and inserting the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(A) P
ARITY .—In exercising the authority granted under paragraph (1) to increase pre-miums, the Administrator shall institute a single annual, uniform rate of assessment for all individual policyholders.’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning in fiscal year 2018 and not ending until the fiscal year in which the ratio required under subsection (b) is achieved— ‘‘(A) in each fiscal year the Administrator shall place in the Reserve Fund an amount equal to not less than 7.5 percent of the re-serve ratio required under subsection (b); and ‘‘(B) if in any given fiscal year the Admin-istrator fails to comply with subparagraph (A), for the following fiscal year the Admin-istrator shall increase the rate of the annual assessment pursuant to subsection (c)(3)(A) by at least one percentage point over the rate of the annual assessment pursuant to subsection (c)(3)(A) in effect on the first day of such given fiscal year.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘nor to in-crease assessments pursuant to paragraph (1)(B)’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and para-graph (1)(B) shall apply until the fiscal year in which the ratio required under subsection (b) is achieved’’. 
SEC. 504. DESIGNATION AND TREATMENT OF MULTIPLE-LOSS PROPERTIES. 
(a) D EFINITION .—Section 1370 of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4121), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (7); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (8) through (18) as paragraphs (7) through (17), respectively; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) M
ULTIPLE -LOSSPROPERTIES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this title: ‘‘(A) M
ULTIPLE -LOSS PROPERTY .—The term ‘multiple-loss property’ means any property that is a repetitive-loss property, a severe re-petitive-loss property, or an extreme repet-itive-loss property. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED CLAIMS PAYMENT .—The term ‘qualified claims payment’ means a claims payment of any amount made under flood insurance coverage under this title in connection with loss resulting from a flood event that occurred after the date of the en-actment of the 21st Century Flood Reform Act, but not including any claim that oc-curred before a structure was made compli-ant with State and local floodplain manage-ment requirements. ‘‘(C) R
EPETITIVE -LOSS PROPERTY .—The term ‘repetitive-loss property’ means a structure that has incurred flood damage for which two or more separate claims payments of any amount have been made under flood in-surance coverage under this title. ‘‘(D) S
EVERE REPETITIVE -LOSS PROPERTY .— The term ‘severe repetitive-loss property’ means a structure that has incurred flood damage for which— ‘‘(i) 4 or more separate claims payments have been made under flood insurance cov-erage under this title, with the amount of each such claim exceeding $5,000, and with the cumulative amount of such claims pay-ments exceeding $20,000; or ‘‘(ii) at least 2 separate claims payments have been made under flood insurance cov-erage under this title, with the cumulative amount of such claims payments exceeding the value of the structure. ‘‘(E) EXTREME REPETITIVE -LOSS PROP -
ERTY .—The term ‘extreme repetitive-loss property’ means a structure that has in-curred flood damage for which at least 2 sep-arate claims have been made under flood in-surance coverage under this title, with the cumulative amount of such claims payments exceeding 150 percent of the maximum cov-erage amount available for the structure. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF CLAIMS BEFORE COMPLI -
ANCE WITH STATE AND LOCAL REQUIREMENTS .— The Administrator shall not consider claims that occurred before a structure was made compliant with State and local floodplain management requirements for purposes of determining a structure’s status as a mul-tiple-loss property.’’. (b) P
REMIUM ADJUSTMENT TO REFLECT CUR-
RENT FLOOD RISK.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1308 of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(p) P
REMIUM ADJUSTMENT TO REFLECT  C
URRENT FLOOD RISK.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Administrator shall rate a property for which two or more qualified claims payments have been made and that is charged a risk premium rate estimated under section 1307(a)(1) (42 U.S.C. 4014(a)(1)) based on the current risk of flood reflected in the flood insurance rate map in effect at the time of rating. ‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENT FOR EXISTING POLICIES .— Notwithstanding subsection (e) of this sec-tion, for policies for flood insurance under this title in force on the date of the enact-ment of this Act for properties described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) for any property for which two quali-fied claims payments have been made, the Administrator shall increase risk premium rates by 10 percent each year until such rates comply with paragraph (1) of this subsection; and ‘‘(B) for any property for which three or more qualified claims payments have been made, the Administrator shall increase risk premium rates by 15 percent each year until such rates comply with paragraph (1) of this subsection.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1307(g)(2) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4014(g)(2)) is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) in connection with a multiple-loss property.’’. (c) P
RE-FIRM M ULTIPLE -LOSS PROPERTY .— (1) T
ERMINATION OF SUBSIDY .—Section 1307 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4014) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(2)— (i) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-ing the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) any extreme repetitive-loss prop-erty;’’; (ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’; (iii) in subparagraph (E)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘fair’’; and (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘fair’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘and’’ and inserting ‘‘or’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) any property for which two or more qualified claims payments have been made; and’’; and (B) by striking subsection (h). (2) ANNUAL LIMITATION ON PREMIUM IN -
CREASES .—Subsection (e) of section 1308 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(e)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘the chargeable risk’’ and inserting ‘‘notwithstanding paragraph (5), the chargeable risk’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘described under paragraph (3).’’ and inserting ‘‘estimated under section 1307(a)(1); and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) the chargeable risk premium rates for flood insurance under this title for any prop-erties described in subparagraph (F) of sec-tion 1307(a)(2) shall be increased— ‘‘(A) for any property for which two quali-fied claims payments have been made, by 10 percent each year, until the average risk pre-mium rate for such property is equal to the average of the risk premium rates for prop-erties estimated under section 1307(a)(1); and ‘‘(B) for any property for which three or more qualified claims payments have been made, by 15 percent each year, until the av-erage risk premium rate for such property is equal to the average of the risk premium rates for properties estimated under section 1307(a)(1).’’. (d) M
INIMUM DEDUCTIBLES FOR CERTAIN  M
ULTIPLE -LOSS PROPERTIES .— (1) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is fur-ther amended— (A) by transferring subsection (b) of sec-tion 1312 (42 U.S.C. 4019(b)) to section 1306 (42 U.S.C. 4013), inserting such subsection at the end of such section, and redesignating such subsection as subsection (f); and (B) in section 1312 (42 U.S.C. 4019), by redes-ignating subsection (c) as subsection (b). (2) C
ERTAIN MULTIPLE -LOSS PROPERTIES .— Subsection (f) of section 1306 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4013(e)), as so transferred and redesignated by paragraph (1) of this subsection, is amend-ed adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(3) C
ERTAIN MULTIPLE -LOSS PROPERTIES .— Notwithstanding paragraph (1) or (2), the minimum annual deductible for damage to any severe repetitive-loss property or ex-treme repetitive-loss property shall be not less than $5,000.’’. (e) C
LAIM HISTORY VALIDATION .—Beginning not later than the expiration of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall undertake efforts to validate the rea-sonable accuracy of claim history data main-tained pursuant to the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.). (f) I
NCREASED COST OF COMPLIANCE COV-
ERAGE .—Subparagraph (A) of section 1304(b)(1) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4011(b)(1)(A)), as amend-ed by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by striking ‘‘repetitive loss structures’’ and inserting ‘‘multiple-loss properties’’. (g) A
VAILABILITY OF INSURANCE FOR MUL-
TIPLE -LOSSPROPERTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 is amended by inserting after section 1304 (42 U.S.C. 4011) the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1304A. AVAILABILITY OF INSURANCE FOR MULTIPLE-LOSS PROPERTIES. 
‘‘(a) D ATE AND INFORMATION IDENTIFYING  C
URRENT FLOOD RISK.—The Administrator may provide flood insurance coverage under this title for a multiple-loss property only if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9222 November 14, 2017 
the owner of the property submits to the Ad-ministrator such data and information nec-essary to determine such property’s current risk of flood, as determined by the Adminis-trator, at the time of application for or re-newal of such coverage. ‘‘(b) R
EFUSAL TOMITIGATE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided pur-suant to paragraph (2), the Administrator may not make flood insurance coverage available under this title for any extreme re-petitive-loss property for which a claim pay-ment for flood loss was made under coverage made available under this title that occurred after the date of enactment of the 21st Cen-tury Flood Reform Act if the property owner refuses an offer of mitigation for the prop-erty under section 1366(a)(2) (42 U.S.C. 4104c(a)(2)). ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS ; APPEALS .—The Director shall develop guidance to provide appro-priate exceptions to the prohibition under paragraph (1) and to allow for appeals to such prohibition.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Section 1304A of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, as added by paragraph (1) of this subsection, shall apply beginning upon the expiration of the 12-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (h) R
ATES FOR PROPERTIES NEWLY MAPPED  I
NTOAREAS WITHSPECIAL FLOOD HAZARDS .— Subsection (i) of section 1308 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(i)) is amended— (1) by striking the subsection designation and all that follows through ‘‘Notwith-standing’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) R
ATES FOR PROPERTIES NEWLY MAPPED  I
NTOAREAS WITHSPECIAL FLOOD HAZARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2) and notwithstanding’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and moving the left margins of such subpara-graphs, as so redesignated, and the matter following subparagraph (B), 2 ems to the right; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO MULTIPLE -LOSS 
PROPERTIES .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to multiple-loss properties.’’. (i) C
LEAR COMMUNICATION OF MULTIPLE - 
LOSS PROPERTY STATUS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (l) of section 1308 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(l)), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) M
ULTIPLE -LOSS PROPERTIES .—Pursuant to paragraph (1), the Administrator shall clearly communicate to all policyholders for multiple-loss properties before the effective-ness of any such new or renewed coverage and after each qualified claims payment for the property— ‘‘(A) the availability of flood mitigation assistance under section 1366; and ‘‘(B) the effect on the premium rates charged for such a property of filing any fur-ther claims under a flood insurance policy with respect to that property.’’. (j) M
ITIGATION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 1366 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4104c) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting after the period at the end of the first sentence the following: ‘‘Priority under the program shall be given to pro-viding assistance with respect to multiple- loss properties.’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; and (C) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) to property owners, in coordination with the State and community, in the form of direct grants under this section for car-rying out mitigation activities that reduce flood damage to extreme repetitive-loss properties. The Administrator shall take such actions as may be necessary to ensure that grants under this subsection are provided in a man-ner that is consistent with the delivery of coverage for increased cost of compliance provided under section 1304(b).’’; (2) in subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘severe repetitive loss structures’’ and in-serting ‘‘multiple-loss properties’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘SEVERE REPETITIVE LOSS  
STRUCTURES ’’ and inserting ‘‘E XTREME REPET -
ITIVE -LOSS PROPERTIES ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘severe repetitive loss structures’’ and inserting ‘‘extreme repet-itive-loss properties’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘R
EPETITIVE LOSS STRUC -
TURES ’’ and inserting ‘‘S EVERE REPETITIVE - 
LOSS PROPERTIES ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘repetitive loss structures’’ and inserting ‘‘severe repetitive-loss prop-erties’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘90 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘100 percent’’; (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) R
EPETITIVE -LOSS PROPERTY .—In the case of mitigation activities to repetitive- loss properties, in an amount up to 100 per-cent of all eligible costs.’’; (4) in subsection (h)— (A) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); (B) by striking the subsection designation and all that follows through ‘‘shall apply:’’; and (C) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘C
OMMUNITY ’’ and inserting ‘‘D
EFINITION OF COMMUNITY ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘For purposes of this section, the’’; (iii) by redesignating such paragraph as subsection (j); (iv) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-paragraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; (v) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; (vi) in paragraph (1), as so redesignated by clause (v) of this subparagraph, by redesig-nating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively (and moving the margins two ems to the left); and (vii) by moving the left margins of sub-section (j) (as so redesignated) and para-graphs (1) and (2), all as so redesignated, two ems to the left; and (5) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(h) A
LIGNMENT WITHINCREASED COST OF  C
OMPLIANCE .—Notwithstanding any provi-sion of law, any funds appropriated for as-sistance under this title may be transferred to the National Flood Insurance Fund estab-lished under section 1310 (42 U.S.C. 4017) for the payment of claims to enable the Admin-istrator to deliver grants under subsection (a)(2) of this section to align with the deliv-ery of coverage for increased cost of compli-ance for extreme repetitive-loss properties. ‘‘(i) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, assistance provided under this section shall be funded by— ‘‘(A) $225,000,000 in each fiscal year, subject to offsetting collections, through risk pre-mium rates for flood insurance coverage under this title, and shall be available sub-ject to section 1310(f); ‘‘(B) any penalties collected under section 102(f) the Flood Disaster Protect Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a(f); and ‘‘(C) any amounts recaptured under sub-section (e) of this section. The Administrator may not use more than 5 percent of amounts made available under this subsection to cover salaries, expenses, and other administrative costs incurred by the Administrator to make grants and pro-vide assistance under this section. ‘‘(2) AVAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated pursuant to this subsection for any fiscal year may remain available for obligation until expended.’’. (k) R
EPEAL .—Section 1367 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4104d) is repealed. 
SEC. 505. ELIMINATION OF COVERAGE FOR PROP-ERTIES WITH EXCESSIVE LIFETIME CLAIMS. 
Section 1305 of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4012) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION OF COVERAGE FOR PROP-
ERTIES WITHEXCESSIVE LIFETIME CLAIMS .— The Administrator may not make available any new or renewed coverage for flood insur-ance under this title for any multiple-loss property for which the aggregate amount in claims payments that have been made after the expiration of the 18-month period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this subsection under flood insurance coverage under this title exceeds three times the amount of the replacement value of the structure.’’. 
SEC. 507. PAY FOR PERFORMANCE AND STREAM-LINING COSTS AND REIMBURSE-MENT. 
Section 1345 of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4081), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following subsection: ‘‘(g) W
RITE YOUROWNALLOWANCE AND PRO-
GRAM SAVINGS .— ‘‘(1) A
LLOWANCE RATE .— ‘‘(A) L
IMITATION .—The allowance paid to companies participating in the Write Your Own Program (as such term is defined in sec-tion 1370 (42 U.S.C. 4004)) with respect to a policy for flood insurance coverage made available under this title shall not be greater than 27.9 percent of the chargeable premium for such coverage. ‘‘(B) I
NAPPLICABILITY .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to actual and necessary costs related to section 1312(a) (42 U.S.C, 4019(a)), or to payments deemed necessary by the Ad-ministrator. ‘‘(C) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The limitation in subparagraph (A) shall be imposed by equal reductions over the 3-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this sub-section. ‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM SAVINGS .— ‘‘(A) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Adminis-trator, within three years of the date of the enactment of this Act, shall reduce the costs and unnecessary burdens for the companies participating in the Write Your Own pro-gram by at least half of the amount by which the limitation under paragraph (1)(A) re-duced costs compared to the costs as of the date of the enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATION OF SAVINGS .—In meet- ing the requirement of subparagraph (A), the Administrator shall consider savings includ-ing— ‘‘(i) indirect payments by the Adminis-trator of premium; ‘‘(ii) eliminating unnecessary communica-tions requirements; ‘‘(iii) reducing the frequency of National Flood Insurance Program changes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9223 November 14, 2017 
‘‘(iv) simplifying the flood rating system; and ‘‘(v) other ways of streamlining the Pro-gram to reduce costs while maintaining cus-tomer service and distribution.’’. 
SEC. 508. ENFORCEMENT OF MANDATORY PUR-CHASE REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) P ENALTIES .—Paragraph (5) of section 102(f) of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a(f)(5)) is amended by striking ‘‘$2,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000’’. (b) I
NSURED DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS .— Subparagraph (A) of section 10(i)(2) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1820(i)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘date of enactment of the Riegle Community Devel-opment and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 and biennially thereafter for the next 4 years’’ and inserting ‘‘date of enactment of the 21st Century Flood Reform Act and bien-nially thereafter’’. (c) C
REDIT UNIONS .—Subparagraph (A) of section 204(e)(2) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1784(e)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘date of enactment of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 and biennially thereafter for the next 4 years’’ and inserting ‘‘date of enactment of the 21st Century Flood Reform Act and annually thereafter’’. (d) G
OVERNMENT -SPONSORED ENTER -
PRISES .—Paragraph (4) of section 1319B(a) of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4521(a)(4)) is amended, in the matter after and below subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘first, third, and fifth annual reports under this subsection required to be submitted after the expiration of the 1-year period be-ginning on the date of enactment of the Rie-gle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994’’ and inserting ‘‘first annual report under this subsection re-quired to be submitted after the expiration of the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of the 21st Century Flood Reform Act and every such second annual report thereafter’’. (e) G
UIDELINES .—The Federal entities for lending regulation (as such term is defined in section 3(a) of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4003(a))), in consulta-tion with the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, shall joint-ly update and reissue the rescinded docu-ment of the Administrator entitled ‘‘Manda-tory Purchase of Flood Insurance Guide-lines’’ (lasted updated on October 29, 2014). The updated document shall incorporate rec-ommendations made by the Comptroller General pursuant to the study conducted under section 514 of this Act. 
SEC. 509. SATISFACTION OF MANDATORY PUR-CHASE REQUIREMENT IN STATES ALLOWING ALL-PERILS POLICIES. 
Section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protec-tion Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘After’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (i) of this section, after’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Each’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (i) of this section, each’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘A’’ the first place such term appears and insert-ing ‘‘Subject to subsection (i) of this section, a’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘Each’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (i) of this section, each’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘The’’ the first place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (i) of this section, the’’; (3) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘If’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (i) of this section, if’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) SATISFACTION OF MANDATORY PUR-
CHASE REQUIREMENT IN STATES ALLOWING  A
LL-PERILS POLICIES .— ‘‘(1) W
AIVERS .—Subsections (a) and (b) of this section shall not apply with respect to residential properties in any State that al-lows any property insurance coverage that covers ‘all-perils’ except specifically ex-cluded perils and that includes coverage for flood perils in an amount at least equal to the outstanding principal balance of the loan or the maximum limit of flood insurance coverage made available under this title with respect to such type of residential prop-erty, whichever is less. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS , PROCEDURES , STAND -
ARDS .—The Administrator may establish such definitions, procedures, and standards as the Administrator considers necessary for making determinations under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 510. FLOOD INSURANCE PURCHASE RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protec-tion Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘$5,000 or less’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘$25,000 or less, except that such amount (as it may have been previously adjusted) shall be adjusted for inflation by the Adminis-trator upon the expiration of the 5-year pe-riod beginning upon the enactment of the 21st Century Flood Reform Act and upon the expiration of each successive 5-year period thereafter, in accordance with an infla-tionary index selected by the Adminis-trator’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) F
LOOD INSURANCE PURCHASE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, a State or local government or private lender may require the purchase of flood insurance coverage for a structure that is located outside of an area having special flood hazards.’’. 
SEC. 511. CLARIFICATIONS; DEADLINE FOR AP-PROVAL OF CLAIMS. 
(a) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Part C of chapter II of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4081 et seq.), as amend-ed by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1350. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘A policyholder of a policy for flood insur-ance coverage made available under this title must exhaust all administrative rem-edies, including submission of disputed claims to appeal under any appeal process made available by the Administrator, prior to commencing legal action on any disputed claim under such a policy.’’. (b) D
EADLINE FOR APPROVAL OF CLAIMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1312 of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4019), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to the other provisions of this section, the Adminis-trator’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) D
EADLINE FOR APPROVAL OF CLAIMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall provide that, in the case of any claim for damage to or loss of property under flood in-surance coverage made available under this title, an initial determination regarding ap-proval of a claim for payment or disapproval of the claim be made, and notification of such determination be provided to the in-sured making such claim, not later than the expiration of the 120-day period (as such pe-riod may be extended pursuant to paragraph (2)) beginning upon the day on which the pol-icyholder submits a signed proof of loss de-tailing the damage and amount of the loss. Payment of approved claims shall be made as soon as possible after such approval. ‘‘(2) EXTENSION OF DEADLINE .—The Admin-istrator shall provide that the period re-ferred to in paragraph (1) may be extended by a single additional period of 15 days in cases where extraordinary circumstances are demonstrated. The Administrator shall, by regulation, establish criteria for dem-onstrating such extraordinary circumstances and for determining to which claims such ex-traordinary circumstances apply.’’. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall apply to any claim under flood insurance coverage made avail-able under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.) pending on the date of the enactment of this Act and any claims made after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 512. RISK TRANSFER REQUIREMENT. 
Subsection (e) of section 1345 of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4081(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(e) R
ISKTRANSFER .—The Administrator’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) R
ISKTRANSFER .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—The Administrator’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED RISK TRANSFER COVERAGE .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than the ex-piration of the 18-month period beginning upon the date of the enactment of this para-graph and at all times thereafter, the Ad-ministrator shall annually cede a portion of the risk of the flood insurance program under this title to the private reinsurance or capital markets, or any combination thereof, and at rates and terms that the Adminis-trator determines to be reasonable and ap-propriate, in an amount that— ‘‘(i) is sufficient to maintain the ability of the program to pay claims; and ‘‘(ii) manages and limits the annual expo-sure of the flood insurance program to flood losses in accordance with the probable max-imum loss target established for such year under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) P
ROBABLE MAXIMUM LOSS TARGET .— The Administrator shall for each fiscal year, establish a probable maximum loss target for the national flood insurance program that shall be the maximum probable loss under the national flood insurance program that is expected to occur in such fiscal year. ‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In establishing the probable maximum loss target under sub-paragraph (B) for each fiscal year and car-rying out subparagraph (A), the Adminis-trator shall consider— ‘‘(i) the probable maximum loss targets for other United States public natural catas-trophe insurance programs, including as State wind pools and earthquake programs; ‘‘(ii) the probable maximum loss targets of other risk management organizations, in-cluding the Federal National Mortgage Asso-ciation and the Federal Home Loan Mort-gage Corporation; ‘‘(iii) catastrophic, actuarial, and other ap-propriate data modeling results of the na-tional flood insurance program portfolio; ‘‘(iv) the availability of funds in the Na-tional Flood Insurance Fund established under section 1310 (42 U.S.C. 4017); ‘‘(v) the availability of funds in the Na-tional Flood Insurance Reserve Fund estab-lished under section 1310A (42 U.S.C. 4017a); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9224 November 14, 2017 
‘‘(vi) the availability of borrowing author-ity under section 1309 (42 U.S.C. 4016); ‘‘(vii) the ability of the Administrator to repay outstanding debt; ‘‘(viii) amounts appropriated to the Admin-istrator to carry out the national flood in-surance program; ‘‘(ix) reinsurance, capital markets, catas-trophe bonds, collateralized reinsurance, re-silience bonds, and other insurance-linked securities, and other risk transfer opportuni-ties; and ‘‘(x) any other factor the Administrator de-termines appropriate. ‘‘(D) M
ULTI-YEAR CONTRACTS .—Nothing in this paragraph may be construed to prevent or prohibit the Administrator from com-plying with the requirement under subpara-graph (A) regarding ceding risk through con-tracts having a duration longer than one year.’’. 
SEC. 513. GAO STUDY OF SIMPLIFICATION OF NA-TIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PRO-GRAM. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of options for simplifying flood insurance cov-erage made available under the National Flood Insurance Act, which shall include the following: (1) An analysis of how the administration of the National Flood Insurance Program can be simplified—statutorily, regulatorily, and administratively—for private flood in-surance policyholders, companies, agents, mortgage lenders, and flood insurance ven-dors. (2) An assessment of ways in which flood insurance coverage made available under the National Flood Insurance Act and the pro-gram for providing and administrating such coverage may be harmonized with private in-surance industry standards. (3) Identification and analysis of ways in which the structure of the National Flood Insurance Program may be simplified, in-cluding analysis of the efficacy and effects each of the following actions: (A) Eliminating the use of two deductibles under the Program. (B) Including in claims for flood-damages full replacement cost for property not dam-aged, but rendered unusable, by the flooding. (C) Using umbrella policies that allow mul-tiple structures on a property to be insured under the same policy. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than the expiration of the 18-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit a report to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate regarding the findings and con-clusions of the study conducted pursuant to this section. 
SEC. 514. GAO STUDY ON ENFORCEMENT OF MAN-DATORY PURCHASE REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the implementation and efficacy of the re-quirements of section 102 of the Flood Dis-aster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a). Such study shall at minimum consider the following questions: (1) How effectively do Federal agencies, regulated lending institutions, and Federal entities for lending regulation implement the requirements of section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973? (2) Does the current implementation of Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 align with the congressional findings and purposes described in section 2(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4002)? (3) What is the current level of compliance with section 102? (4) What are the estimated historical im-pacts on revenue to the National Flood In-surance Program based on the current level of compliance of section 102? (5) Is the current monitoring and tracking framework in place sufficient to ensure com-pliance with section 102? (6) What is the best way to establish a con-solidated, comprehensive, and accurate re-pository of data on compliance with section 102? (7) What, if any, unintended consequences have resulted from the requirements and im-plementation of section 102? (8) How can Federal agencies and regulated lending institutions improve compliance with section 102? (b) REPORT .—Not later than the expiration of the 18-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit a report to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate regarding the findings and con-clusions of the study conducted pursuant to this section. TITLE VI—ADMINISTRATIVE REFORMS 
SEC. 601. PENALTIES FOR FRAUD AND FALSE STATEMENTS IN THE NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM. 
Part C of chapter 2 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4081 et seq.), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1351. PENALTIES FOR FRAUD AND FALSE STATEMENTS IN THE NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) P ROHIBITED ACTS.—A person shall not knowingly make a false or misleading state-ment, production, or submission in connec-tion with the proving or adjusting of a claim for flood insurance coverage made available under this Act. Such prohibited acts in-clude— ‘‘(1) knowingly forging an engineering re-port, claims adjustment report or technical assistance report used to support a claim de-termination; ‘‘(2) knowingly making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or representation in an engineering report, claims adjustment report, or technical as-sistance report to support a claim deter-mination; ‘‘(3) knowingly submitting a materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent claim. ‘‘(b) C
IVIL ENFORCEMENT .—The Attorney General may bring a civil action for such re-lief as may be appropriate whenever it ap-pears that any person has violated or is about to violate any provision of this sec-tion. Such action may be brought in an ap-propriate United States district court. ‘‘(c) R
EFERRAL TO ATTORNEY GENERAL .— The Administrator shall expeditiously refer to the Attorney General for appropriate ac-tion any evidence developed in the perform-ance of functions under this Act that may warrant consideration for criminal or civil prosecution. ‘‘(d) P
ENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) C
IVIL MONETARY PENALTY .—Any person who violates subsection (a) shall be subject to a civil penalty of not more than $10,000 for each violation, which shall be deposited into the National Flood Insurance Fund estab-lished under section 1310 (42 U.S.C. 4017). ‘‘(2) S
USPENSION AND DEBARMENT .—Any per- son who violates subsection (a) shall not be eligible, for a period of not less than 2 years and not to exceed 5 years, to— ‘‘(A) receive flood insurance coverage pur-suant to this title; or ‘‘(B) provide services in connection with the selling, servicing, or handling of claims for flood insurance policies provided pursu-ant to this title. ‘‘(3) OTHER PENALTIES .—The penalties pro-vided for in this subsection shall be in addi-tion to any other civil or criminal penalty available under law.’’. 
SEC. 602. ENHANCED POLICYHOLDER APPEALS PROCESS RIGHTS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Part C of chapter II of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4081 et seq.), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1352. APPROVAL OF DECISIONS RELATING TO FLOOD INSURANCE COVERAGE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish an appeals process to enable hold-ers of a flood insurance policy provided under this title to appeal the decisions of their insurer, with respect to the disallow-ance, in whole or in part, of any claims for proved and approved losses covered by flood insurance. Such appeals shall be limited to the claim or portion of the claim disallowed by the insurer. ‘‘(b) A
PPEAL DECISION .—Upon a decision in an appeal under subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall provide the policyholder with a written appeal decision. The appeal decision shall explain the Administrator’s determina-tion to uphold or overturn the decision of the flood insurer. The Administrator may di-rect the flood insurer to take action nec-essary to resolve the appeal, to include re-in-spection, re-adjustment, or payment, as ap-propriate. ‘‘(c) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—This section shall not be construed as— ‘‘(1) making the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency or the Administrator a party to the flood insurance contract; or ‘‘(2) creating any action or remedy not oth-erwise provided by this title.’’. (b) R
EPEAL .—Section 205 of the Bunning- Blumenauer-Bereuter Flood Insurance Re-form Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 4011 note) is here-by repealed. 
SEC. 603. DEADLINE FOR APPROVAL OF CLAIMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1312 of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4019), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EADLINE FOR APPROVAL OF CLAIMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall provide that, in the case of any claim for damage to or loss of property under flood in-surance coverage made available under this title, a final determination regarding ap-proval of a claim for payment or disapproval of the claim be made, and notification of such determination be provided to the in-sured making such claim, not later than the expiration of the 90-day period (as such pe-riod may be extended pursuant to paragraph (2)) beginning upon the day on which such claim was made. Payment of approved claims shall be made as soon as possible after such approval. ‘‘(2) E
XTENSION OF DEADLINE .—The Admin-istrator shall provide that the period re-ferred to in paragraph (1) may be extended by a single additional period of 15 days in cases where extraordinary circumstances are demonstrated. The Administrator shall, by regulation, establish criteria for dem-onstrating such extraordinary circumstances and for determining to which claims such ex-traordinary circumstances apply.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to any claim under flood insurance coverage made avail-able under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.) pending on the date of the enactment of this Act and any claims made after such date of enactment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9225 November 14, 2017 
SEC. 604. LITIGATION PROCESS OVERSIGHT AND REFORM. 
Part C of chapter II of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4081 et seq.), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1353. OVERSIGHT OF LITIGATION. 
‘‘(a) O VERSIGHT .—The Administrator shall monitor and oversee litigation conducted by Write Your Own companies arising under contracts for flood insurance sold pursuant to this title, to ensure that— ‘‘(1) litigation expenses are reasonable, ap-propriate, and cost-effective; and ‘‘(2) Write Your Own companies comply with guidance and procedures established by the Administrator regarding the conduct of litigation. ‘‘(b) D
ENIAL OF REIMBURSEMENT FOR EX-
PENSES .—The Administrator may deny reim-bursement for litigation expenses that are determined to be unreasonable, excessive, contrary to guidance issued by the Adminis-trator, or outside the scope of any arrange-ment entered into with a Write Your Own company. ‘‘(c) L
ITIGATION STRATEGY .—The Adminis-trator may direct litigation strategy for claims arising under a contract for flood in-surance sold by a Write Your Own com-pany.’’. 
SEC. 605. PROHIBITION ON HIRING DISBARRED ATTORNEYS. 
Part C of chapter II of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4081 et seq.), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1354. PROHIBITION ON HIRING DISBARRED ATTORNEYS. 
‘‘The Administrator may not at any time newly employ in connection with the flood insurance program under this title any at-torney who has been suspended or disbarred by any court, bar, or Federal or State agency to which the individual was previously ad-mitted to practice.’’. 
SEC. 606. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE REPORTS. 
(a) U SE.—Section 1312 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4019), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) U
SE OF TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE RE-
PORTS .—When adjusting claims for any dam-age to or loss of property which is covered by flood insurance made available under this title, the Administrator may rely upon tech-nical assistance reports, as such term is de-fined in section 1312A, only if such reports are final and are prepared in compliance with applicable State and Federal laws re-garding professional licensure and conduct.’’. (b) D
ISCLOSURE .—The National Flood In-surance Act of 1968 is amended by inserting after section 1312 (42 U.S.C. 4019) the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1312A. DISCLOSURE OF TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE REPORTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 552a of title 5, United States Code, upon re-quest by a policyholder, the Administrator shall provide a true, complete, and unredacted copy of any technical assistance report that the Administrator relied upon in adjusting and paying for any damage to or loss of property insured by the policyholder and covered by flood insurance made avail-able under this title. Such disclosures shall be in addition to any other right of disclo-sure otherwise made available pursuant such section 552a or any other provision of law. ‘‘(b) D
IRECT DISCLOSURE BY WRITE YOUR O
WN COMPANIES AND DIRECT SERVICING  A
GENTS .—A Write Your Own company or di-rect servicing agent in possession of a tech-nical assistance report subject to disclosure under subsection (a) may disclose such tech-nical assistance report without further re-view or approval by the Administrator. ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the following definitions shall apply: ‘‘(1) P
OLICYHOLDER .—The term ‘policy-holder’ means a person or persons shown as an insured on the declarations page of a pol-icy for flood insurance coverage sold pursu-ant to this title. ‘‘(2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE REPORT .—The term ‘technical assistance report’ means a report created for the purpose of furnishing technical assistance to an insurance claims adjuster assigned by the National Flood In-surance Program, including by engineers, surveyors, salvors, architects, and certified public accounts.’’. 
SEC. 607. IMPROVED DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT FOR STANDARD FLOOD INSURANCE POLICIES. 
Section 100234 of the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (42 U.S.C. 4013a) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) D
ISCLOSURE OF COVERAGE .— ‘‘(1) D
ISCLOSURE SHEET .—Each policy under the National Flood Insurance Program shall include a disclosure sheet that sets forth, in plain language— ‘‘(A) the definition of the term ‘flood’ for purposes of coverage under the policy; ‘‘(B) a description of what type of flood forces are necessary so that losses from an event are covered under the policy, including overflow of inland or tidal waves, unusual and rapid accumulation or runoff of a surface any source, and mudflow; ‘‘(C) a statement of the types and charac-teristics of losses that are not covered under the policy; ‘‘(D) a summary of total cost and amount of insurance coverage, and any other infor-mation relating to such coverage required to be disclosed under section 1308(l) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(l)); ‘‘(E) a statement that the disclosure sheet provides general information about the pol-icyholder’s standard flood insurance policy; ‘‘(F) a statement that the standard flood insurance policy, together with the endorse-ments and declarations page, make up the official contract and are controlling in the event that there is any difference between the information on the disclosure sheet and the information in the policy; and ‘‘(G) a statement that if the policyholder has any questions regarding information in the disclosure sheet or policy he or she should contact the entity selling the policy on behalf of the Program, together with con-tact information sufficient to allow the pol-icyholder to contact such entity. ‘‘(2) A
CKNOWLEDGMENT SHEET .—Each policy under the National Flood Insurance Program shall include an acknowledgment sheet that sets forth, in plain language— ‘‘(A) a statement of whether or not there is a basement in the property to be covered by the policy; ‘‘(B) a statement of whether or not the pol-icy provides coverage for the contents of the property covered by the policy; ‘‘(C) a statement that the standard flood insurance policy, together with the endorse-ments and declarations page, make up the official contract and are controlling in the event that there is any difference between the information on the acknowledgment sheet and the information in the policy; and ‘‘(D) a statement that if the policyholder has any questions regarding information in the acknowledgment sheet or policy he or she should contact the entity selling the pol-icy on behalf of the Program, together with contact information sufficient to allow the policyholder to contact such entity. ‘‘(3) REQUIRED SIGNATURES .—Notwith- standing section 1306(c) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4013(c)), a policy for flood insurance coverage under the National Flood Insurance Program may not take effect unless the disclosure sheet required under paragraph (1) and the acknowledgment sheet required under para-graph (2), with respect to the policy, are signed and dated by the policyholder and the seller of the policy who is acting on behalf of the Program.’’. 
SEC. 608. RESERVE FUND AMOUNTS. 
Section 1310 of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4017) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(g) C
REDITING OF RESERVE FUND A
MOUNTS .—Funds collected pursuant to sec-tion 1310A may be credited to the Fund under this section to be available for the purpose described in subsection (d)(1).’’. 
SEC. 609. SUFFICIENT STAFFING FOR OFFICE OF FLOOD INSURANCE ADVOCATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24 of the Home-owner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (42 U.S.C. 4033) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) S
TAFF .—The Administrator shall en-sure that the Flood Insurance Advocate has sufficient staff to carry out all of the duties and responsibilities of the Advocate under this section.’’. (b) T
IMING .—The Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency shall take such actions as may be necessary to provide for full compliance with section 24(c) of the Homeowner Flood Insurance Afford-ability Act of 2014, as added by the amend-ment made by subsection (a) of this section, not later than the expiration of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 610. LIMITED EXEMPTION FOR DISASTER OR CATASTROPHE CLAIMS ADJUSTERS. 
Section 7 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 207) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s)(1) The provisions of this section shall not apply for a period of 2 years after the oc-currence of a major disaster to any em-ployee— ‘‘(A) employed to adjust or evaluate claims resulting from or relating to such major dis-aster, by an employer not engaged, directly or through an affiliate, in underwriting, sell-ing, or marketing property, casualty, or li-ability insurance policies or contracts; ‘‘(B) who receives from such employer on average weekly compensation of not less than $591.00 per week or any minimum week-ly amount established by the Secretary, whichever is greater, for the number of weeks such employee is engaged in any of the activities described in subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(C) whose duties include any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) interviewing insured individuals, indi-viduals who suffered injuries or other dam-ages or losses arising from or relating to a disaster, witnesses, or physicians; ‘‘(ii) inspecting property damage or review-ing factual information to prepare damage estimates; ‘‘(iii) evaluating and making recommenda-tions regarding coverage or compensability of claims or determining liability or value aspects of claims; ‘‘(iv) negotiating settlements; or ‘‘(v) making recommendations regarding litigation. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of section 18, in the event of a major dis-aster, this Act exclusively shall govern all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9226 November 14, 2017 
such employers in lieu of any State or other Federal law or regulation or local law or reg-ulation, with respect to the employees de-scribed in paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) The exemption in this subsection shall not affect the exemption provided by section 13(a)(1). ‘‘(4) For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘major disaster’ means any natural catastrophe, including any hurri-cane, tornado, storm, high water, wind driv-en water, tidal wave, tsunami, earthquake, volcanic eruption, landslide, mudslide, snow-storm, or drought, or, regardless of cause, any other catastrophe, including fire, flood, explosion, land collapse, avalanche, or pol-lutant or chemical release; ‘‘(B) the term ‘employee employed to ad-just or evaluate claims resulting from or re-lating to such major disaster’ means an indi-vidual who timely secured or secures a li-cense required by applicable law to engage in and perform the activities described in clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph (1)(C) re-lating to a major disaster, and is employed by an employer that maintains worker com-pensation insurance coverage or protection for its employees, if required by applicable law, and withholds applicable Federal, State, and local income and payroll taxes from the wages, salaries and any benefits of such em-ployees; and ‘‘(C) the term ‘affiliate’ means a company that, by reason of ownership or control of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the out-standing shares of any class of voting securi-ties of one or more companies, directly or in-directly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, another com-pany.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, Maria: the images of the human misery and the economic devastation are still clearly imprinted on our minds. Unfortunately, we know that part of this is a result of a failed National Flood Insurance Program, which, Mr. Speaker, faced three important chal-lenges. First, it is a bankrupt program. It is unsustainable. Taxpayers are on the hook for $1.2 trillion, running an an-nual actuarial deficit of $1.5 billion. It has already received two different bail-outs, for a combined total of about $25 billion. Also, it incents and subsidizes people to actually live in harm’s way. Finally, Mr. Speaker, it is a govern-ment monopoly that, notwithstanding subsidized rates, still, unfortunately, has unaffordable premiums for many. Today is a good day, Mr. Speaker, be-cause today the House gets to vote on the 21st Century Flood Reform Act. I thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ) for his leadership on the mapping reforms and reinsur-ance. I want to thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS) for his reforms on opening up the market. I certainly want to thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ) for his tireless effort and leadership in bringing this bill to the floor. There are a lot of good reforms in this bill, Mr. Speaker, for both tax-payers and ratepayers. Let me just briefly touch upon two. It is an absolutely revolutionary re-form, Mr. Speaker, that we can break open the government monopoly and bring in market competition, innova-tion competition, and more affordable rates for so many. Milliman, one of the actuarial ex-perts within the marketplace, released a study a couple of months ago talking about the market competition, saying: ‘‘Based on our estimates, this would hold for 77 percent of all single families in Florida, 69 percent in Louisiana, and 92 percent in Texas,’’ who all would see cheaper premiums. We know that is not theory. It is ac-tually happening in the market today. In the nascent part of the market that is open, people are getting hundreds, if not thousands, of dollars of savings. One of the great tragedies that I saw in my native State of Texas, in Hous-ton, was how few people actually took up flood insurance. Think, Mr. Speak-er, if we had competition, if we had ad-vertising, if people could roll that into their homeowner rates, how many more people would have been protected by the ravages of these hurricanes. One more reform, briefly. We have these repetitive loss properties where people live in areas that flood over and over and over. I met a couple of fami-lies in Houston. They had three floods in 8 years. We have got to help them. This bill provides more money for re-location, for flood-proofing, and for mitigation, than any other flood re-form bill, all by 25 percent. We would prioritize these areas. We also have to realize that if we are going to make this program sustain-able, we cannot have 1 percent of the properties causing 25 percent of the losses. b1515 Ultimately, if all we do is rebuild the same properties in the same fashion in the same location, that is neither wise nor compassionate. We have an oppor-tunity to enact historic reforms. We should do it today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-tion to H.R. 2874, legislation that will make flood insurance more expensive, less available, and less fair for con-sumers. At the outset, let me just say that I appreciate the time and effort that Chairman HENSARLING and Mr. D UFFY  spent in responding to my calls for bi-partisanship. We sat down multiple times to discuss areas where we could find compromise and a path forward. Although our discussions were ulti-mately not successful and I strongly oppose this bill, I continue to believe that flood insurance really can be a bi-partisan issue. In fact, I have a long history of working across the aisle on the National Flood Insurance Program. In 2012, I coauthored the Biggert- Waters Act with former Representative Judy Biggert, and in 2014, when FEMA’s botched implementation of the premium increases called for in that law led to unintended consequences, lawmakers from across the aisle joined me once again to pass the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act. Unfortunately, despite the best ef-forts of Members from both sides of the aisle, I cannot support H.R. 2874 be-cause it contains many provisions that will harm American families and busi-nesses. First and most importantly, the bill makes flood insurance more expensive. This bill will punish low and middle class Americans with increased pre-miums, surcharges, and reserve fund assessments. In the wake of a historic hurricane season that devastated so many communities, it is unconscion-able that we are considering a bill that would make flood insurance less afford-able. We should be focussing on pro-viding additional disaster relief and re-covery after these devastating storms, not punishing these communities with higher premiums and surcharges. It is clear that there are those who choose to live near the coast as a lux-ury, but there are also those who live in floodplains who are low- and middle- income families with modest homes, including some neighborhoods that are predominantly minority. This is be-cause of the sad history of government- endorsed racism in access to credit and in neighborhood planning that pushed minorities into the bad parts of town, which, in some cases, were bad because they were prone to flooding. These communities also often lack the resources to make upgrades to their homes and infrastructure to guard against future flood risk and are the least able to recover after a flood. The Lower Ninth Ward in New Orleans is a prime example. Another example is Greenspoint, a business district in Houston that was one of the hardest hit by Harvey. One in three residents in Greenspoint lives below the poverty line. Families in Greenspoint were still living in water- damaged and moldy units from flood-ing last year when they were hit again by Harvey. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.013 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9227 November 14, 2017 
There is no simple answer to our Na-tion’s flooding problems, but I do know that raising the premiums and racking these up on policyholders will only hurt families as well as our economy. Second, the bill makes flood insur-ance less available by allowing busi-nesses to opt out of the requirement to purchase flood insurance, even if they are a high-risk property in a flood zone. What is more, the bill kicks out cer-tain low-value homes from the NFIP by prohibiting coverage for any home with claims that, over the entire history of the property, following enactment, even if it changes hands, exceed three times the replacement value of the structure. This provision is so ill-conceived that the American Bankers Association wrote: ‘‘Cutting off such properties from NFIP coverage will likely lead to significant hardship for homeowners, lenders, and communities. As bor-rowers lose NFIP coverage, and espe-cially if alternative private coverage is not available or affordable, these prop-erties will lose value, and the risk of abandonment and/or foreclosure in-creases dramatically. In some flood- prone communities, this could lead to a local or regional foreclosure crisis.’’ Third, the bill makes flood insurance less fair for policyholders. In the wake of this historic hurricane season, it is astounding to me that the bill does nothing to fund flood maps so that we can better protect families. Often-times, communities are unaware of their true flood risk; and by not pro-viding any funding for flood maps, building in areas with no information about flood risk will only continue. Climate change will only make these storms more frequent, stronger, and more devastating than ever before, and we must make sure that the NFIP re-mains available and affordable to all Americans, not make it worse. For all of these reasons, I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 2874, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee and respected member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in strong support of the 21st Century Flood Reform Act. I think what Chairman J
EBHEN-
SARLING was able to do here, and Chair-man D
UFFY , is put forward a bill that has really brought together the Mon-tagues and the Capulets, I mean, when you think about the fact that, on one hand, you have got the environmental community supporting this and you have got taxpayers’ advocates; you have got conservative think tanks and you have got affordable housing groups; you have the reinsurers and you have the insurers. We talked about two priorities that at least I was pushing to reauthorize in the National Flood Insurance Program. One of those was to provide better dis-closure to consumers about flood risk. We wanted them to know. And the sec-ond was to decrease the number of re-peatedly flooded properties. This bill accomplishes both of those things. Section 108 of the bill includes lan-guage that I authored, which will pro-vide information to home buyers about past flood events, about the damage, about insurance claims, about any obli-gation they might have to carry flood insurance; and the National Associa-tion of Realtors supports this common-sense approach. Section 402 of the bill includes the bi-partisan Repeatedly Flooded Commu-nities Preparation Act, sponsored by Representative EARLBLUMENAUER and me. This means that repeatedly flooded properties, which comprise less than 2 percent of NFIP policies but account for one-third of all claims, are dealt with. Responsible, community-driven miti-gation is a win-win proposal, one which will help our neighborhoods become stronger in the face of floods and ad-dress the fiscal footing of the overall program by decreasing the cost as this is addressed to community level. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would par-ticularly like to thank the Pew Chari-table Trusts, their flood-prepared com-munities initiative, for their support of our reform efforts. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LEAVER ), the ranking member of the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee on the Financial Services Committee. Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2874, the 21st Cen-tury Flood Reform Act. When the Financial Services Com-mittee began the process to reauthor-ize the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram, I was very hopeful that we could work across the aisle in a bipartisan manner. Unfortunately, the bill we see here today is not reflective of that ap-proach. Though a number of changes have, in fact, been made to H.R. 2874 since leav-ing committee, the new provisions still fail to incorporate many of our prior-ities for reauthorization or address our concerns with the NFIP. Most significantly, Mr. Speaker, in H.R. 2874 is the fact that it will in-crease cost for policyholders. The bill raises costs on pre-FIRM structures from 5 percent to 6.5 percent. Additionally, the bill will require a $40 surcharge on primary residences and seeks to increase the reserve fund by charging policyholders an addi-tional 1 percent every year. The bill also changes the fee to pol-icyholders who opt to pay their policy monthly. Many of our constituents who live in flood-prone areas are not wealthy. These are hardworking Amer-icans who rely on the NFIP to help off-set costs and protect their homes from disastrous flooding. Instead of working to find ways to truly address affordability within the NFIP, the bill proposes to set up a vol-untary State affordability program. This proposal then fails to provide States with the administrative costs to set up a program, a cost that may be far too burdensome for many already- struggling States. Even worse, the program would offset discounts for eligible policyholders by charging policyholders who are not able to take advantage of the afford-ability program—yet again increasing costs for homeowners. Importantly, H.R. 2874 makes no ef-fort to address the debt. Though the NFIP had been self-sustaining for many years, extreme unexpected dam-age following Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy left the NFIP with over $20 billion in debt. Though some of the debt was, in fact, recently forgiven, the NFIP needed to borrow more from the Treasury following Hurricanes Har-vey, Irma, and Maria. The NFIP pays over $400 million a year in interest, money that could go towards making improvements in the program or helping enhance afford-ability. We need to wipe the slate clean and give the NFIP a fresh start. H.R. 2874 fails to provide additional funding for flood maps, maps that, in many jurisdictions, are desperately needed if we are going to have updated maps. This bill also lacks funding for new mapping technology that could help improve the accuracy of the flood maps. In conclusion, the short-term reau-thorization of the NFIP expires early next month. I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill and support a long-term NFIP strategy that pro-motes affordability, stability for stake-holders, and necessary funding for mapping and mitigation. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), chairman of the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee and one of the coauthors of H.R. 2874. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the 21st Cen-tury Flood Reform Act. Chairman H
ENSARLING and Chairman D
UFFY have crafted a great substitute amendment that will bring about meaningful reform of NFIP and protect taxpayers and policyholders alike. The amendment includes H.R. 2246, my Taxpayer Exposure Mitigation Act of 2017. Included in that bill is a re-quirement that the FEMA Adminis-trator purchase reinsurance or a cap-ital market alternative in an effort to guard taxpayers against losses. I know of no major insurance com-pany in the private sector that does not purchase coverage to protect itself against loss of this kind. These prod-ucts function well. There is no reason that FEMA should not be following this best practice as well. The amendment also grants States and local governments and our con-stituents the ability to play a more proactive role in the FEMA floodplain mapping process. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.058 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9228 November 14, 2017 
I represent the Lake of the Ozarks with its 27,000 pieces of property along its shoreline, which has dealt with tre-mendous mapping issues over the past several years. Hundreds of letters of map amendments were granted to my constituents, and there were multiple attempts by the community to engage with FEMA to fix their mapping proc-ess, but my constituents never felt their concerns were taken seriously. The Lake of the Ozarks is not unique. FEMA processes 25,000 LOMA letters each year at a cost of $13 million. This should tell all of us something about the mapping process. Under this bill, areas like the Lake of the Ozarks would be able to improve the accuracy of the maps themselves, no longer be-holden to Washington, D.C. This amendment would also create an opt-out from the mandatory cov-erage required for commercial prop-erties, allowing banks and businesses more flexibility to secure flood insur-ance coverage that meets an entity’s unique risks and needs. b1530 It is important to note that this leg-islation does not preclude any business from securing NFIP policy. Policies will remain available to all businesses. Also, this provision should not be misconstrued as a caveat to avoid the purchase of flood insurance. Businesses operating in flood plains should have flood insurance, and I am confident that lenders will insist upon reasonable coverage. I believe this should be a business decision between the lender and the business customer. Lastly, this amendment would re-quire FEMA to use actual replacement cost in determining premium rates for NFIP policies—language originally in-cluded in my H.R. 2565. Pricing for private policies fre-quently takes into account the actual replacement cost of a structure. It makes sense. Any insurance policy should factor in the amount of money that would be needed to replace a structure. FEMA doesn’t adhere to this funda-mental of insurance. Rather, the agen-cy effectively uses a fixed national av-erage for insured value and replace-ment costs when determining customer premiums. The result of FEMA’s current prac-tice is that lower-income policyholders subsidize wealthier homeowners. The substitute amendment we con-sider today gives FEMA the flexibility it needs to stop this practice and move toward a replacement cost pricing structure. I also want to thank my colleague from Wisconsin for including this pro-vision in his substitute amendment. I am confident this package will allow the private sector to flourish and take risk off the backs of taxpayers while protecting NFIP policyholders. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the measure. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets of the Financial Services Committee. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman for yielding and for her leader-ship. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-tion to H.R. 2874. There are some good things in this bill, including the Zeldin-Maloney bill, that would allow policyholders to re-ceive mitigation credit for elevating boilers and other mechanical systems to higher floors instead of in easily flooded basements, which is a huge deal for the city of New York and other big cities. But there are too many provisions that would make flood insurance in my district either unavailable or unaffordable. For this reason, the city of New York opposes this bill. The bill would raise premiums on homeowners by increasing the floor on premium increases that Congress just set 3 years ago. Currently, FEMA has to increase premiums by a minimum of 5 percent per year. Under this bill, FEMA would have to increase pre-miums by a minimum of 6.5 percent per year. When you add up the mandatory in-creases in premiums required to fund FEMA’s reserve fund and all of the other surcharges in the bill, the effect would be to significantly increase flood insurance premiums for homeowners. Finally, I am concerned about elimi-nating the noncompete clause for so- called write-your-own private insurers. This would allow the private insurers that administer the National Flood In-surance Program to exploit their ac-cess to FEMA’s database in order to cherry-pick the safest properties. This would leave FEMA with only the riskiest properties, and would under-mine the solvency of the National Flood Insurance Program. So, while there are many thoughtful good provisions in this bill, there are too many provisions that would dra-matically increase premiums for my constituents. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS), the vice chairman of the Housing and Insurance Sub-committee and the author of the pro- consumer competition title of the bill. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 21st Century Flood Reform Act, which would give communities in the Tampa Bay area and all of our constituents a National Flood Insurance Program that serves as a lifeboat when disaster strikes. Right now, the NFIP is more like an anchor tied around our neck, dragging this country deeper and deeper into debt as the waters rise. With a $1.4 billion annual deficit and debt that continues to grow, this pro-gram desperately needs reform, and H.R. 2874 is our opportunity. We should all recognize that the NFIP is not a relief program. It is an insurance program. It is supposed to insure against losses, which entails far more than simply paying for damages. Insurance is not about relief. It is about responsibly managing risk. In-surance means mitigating risks before disaster strikes, making investments in resiliency measures, telling people when the risk they face is simply too great, and providing service that makes people thankful for choosing your product. No one knows this better than the professionals in the insurance industry who work day in and day out to help Americans protect their lives, their loved ones, and their belongings against all types of threats—car crash-es, earthquakes, and wildfires. Regrettably, Federal policy has made it extremely difficult for private insur-ers to write policies that cover flood risk. We have created a virtual monop-oly for the NFIP at the expense of pol-icyholders and taxpayers alike, yet we are still $30 billion in debt. H.R. 2874, which includes my bipar-tisan Private Flood Insurance Market Development Act, will allow the pri-vate sector to compete to help home-owners manage their exposure to floods. Competition can lower costs, provide more affordable options for consumers, and reduce the unacceptable number of uninsured homes by helping people un-derstand their risk. As it stands now, the NFIP is the worst of all worlds: It is too big to fail. It is also bound to fail. With this legislation, we can make substantial progress in turning around a program that has found itself on the GAO’s high-risk list for the last dec-ade. Under this bill, consumers will fi-nally have an opportunity to select among a menu of options a plan that would fit their needs. As a result, they will be more likely to buy insurance than ever before. That is not the case today with the NFIP. Our constituents are severely limited. $250,000 maximum coverage on an NFIP policy. If you own a business, you are not going to get business inter-ruption coverage. What good is the insurance, then? Thankfully, the private sector is ca-pable of offering more robust policies that also provide more incentives for property owners to invest in mitiga-tion and resiliency. Ultimately, this in-creased emphasis on mitigation will benefit homeowners and taxpayers alike. This legislation will help us end the absurd practice of paying to rebuild a home that has been destroyed by flood-ing on more than three occasions. Further, it strengthens the NFIP by directing FEMA to spread the NFIP’s risk onto the global marketplace. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.060 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9229 November 14, 2017 
This bill also contains more funding for mitigation and recovery than has ever been authorized by Congress. Over $1 billion will be made available by this bill to help manage our constituents’ exposure to floods and improve the safety of a home after a catastrophe. Mr. Speaker, let’s support the free-dom to insure against obvious danger that imperils people’s homes and their wallets. Let’s support informed deci-sionmaking. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ), the ranking member of the Small Business Committee and a senior member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2874. This bill makes flood insurance more expensive, less available, and less fair for millions of working families. This bill all but abandons Hurricane Sandy victims. Hurricane Sandy made landfall in New York and New Jersey 5 years ago, causing approximately $60 billion in damage. More than 50 people lost their lives. Today—half a decade later—more than 1,000 homeowners still have not obtained proper resolution of their flood insurance claim. That is why I have worked for almost 1
1⁄2years on legislation to improve FEMA’s claims processing system and to bring proper oversight and manage-ment to the write-your-own program. While some of my recommended changes were included in this bill, lan-guage was also included that blows a direct hole in these reforms. This bill requires policyholders to exhaust all administrative remedies on any dis-puted claim before having their day in court. However, we have already seen that FEMA’s administrative system is bro-ken—and this bill will enable dishonest insurance providers to continue hiding behind an unreachable threshold— meaning policyholders will never be made whole. After more than 5 years, with more than 1,000 families still awaiting reso-lution of their Hurricane Sandy claim, we must seek to meaningfully reform the claims process, not make it harder for families to return to their home. A vote for this bill is a vote to aban-don Hurricane Sandy victims. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), the vice chairman of our Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for the 21st Century Flood Reform Act. I commend my colleagues on the Fi-nancial Services Committee for their hard work on this important bill, and I urge all Members to support its pas-sage. As we all know, this hurricane season brought flooding and devastation to many parts of the country. Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria added even more debt to the National Flood Insur-ance Program, leading to a taxpayer bailout of $16 billion. That is $16 billion taken from the pockets of hardworking Americans. Unless Congress passes the 21st Century Flood Reform Act, we will, once again, have to bail out this program. The NFIP, as it currently operates, is structurally unsound. This bill will help to prevent future bailouts by au-thorizing the NFIP to build up its re-serves. It will also prioritize mitiga-tion efforts and encourage the NFIP to engage in actuarially sound practices. Of course, this effort is not solely fo-cused on taxpayer protection. Home-owners, too, will benefit from the 21st Century Flood Reform Act. This bill crucially fosters the devel-opment of a private market for flood insurance. This will provide consumers with better options and more competi-tive prices. My own State’s former insurance commissioner testified in front of our committee last year in support of this idea after seeing benefits of private sector involvement. Commissioner Mil-ler said: ‘‘In Pennsylvania, competition is proving to be good for consumers. . . .’’ ‘‘We are finding in many cases that private carriers are willing to offer comparable coverage at substantially lower cost than the NFIP.’’ Mr. Speaker, this is good for the peo-ple of western Pennsylvania and it is the right policy for homeowners across the country. I also want to thank Chairman DUFFY for incorporating my amend-ment concerning Amish communities into the final bill. The Amish and simi-lar religious communities have a tradi-tion, informed by their religious obli-gations, of paying for community losses through mutual aid societies. My amendment to this bill accommo-dates those communities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID S
COTT), a senior member of the Finan-cial Services Committee. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member W
ATERS for yielding. First, it is very important for us to understand that flooding, Mr. Speaker, is no longer just a coastal lawmaker’s problem. Flooding is now running rampant in every part of our country. So I think that every Member on the floor today and every Member of Con-gress needs to ask themselves a ques-tion, and that is: Are you really willing to put your name on this bill? Are you really willing to vote for this bill that will drastically raise premiums on your constituents without putting the nec-essary guardrails in place so those who can’t afford the high costs can still buy flood insurance? Now, one example I am talking about is this, Mr. Speaker—and I want to make this clear. I hope that there are listeners on C–SPAN who will tune in. Call your neighbors, call somebody. So you listen to this: This bill, H.R. 2874, will require policyholders to pay for any assistance they get when their States create affordability programs. Here is an example: Mr. DUFFY ’s bill allows for the creation of a voluntary State-run affordability program. But here is the catch, Mr. Speaker: there isn’t one dime of funding provided in this bill to set up and implement this program. Instead, Mr. D
UFFY ’s bill says the cost of any discount given to policy-holders will have to be offset by fee in-creases on other policyholders within the same State. Now, Mr. Speaker, this is the Achil-les’ heel in this flood insurance busi-ness. I can guarantee you that this would have a gravely negative impact on all of us who are low to middle in-come. Mr. Speaker, I made it clear to Mr. J
EBHENSARLING , our distinguished chairman; and to Mr. D
UFFY that we are willing to walk across party lines. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. But we offered this, as the ranking member said, as an excellent opportunity. This summer, we spent week after week on this bill so that we could move this bill forward in a way that would address af-fordability, which was a major concern of mine, of the ranking member’s, and those of us on our side of the aisle. b1545 There is no affordability in here. It is very important for us to point out that this plan will put an overburden on the States, and then they have to pass it on in fees to the others. Unfortunately, it is a terrible bill. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my chairman. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill sponsored by my friend, Representative S
EANDUFFY . He has worked tirelessly in crafting a solution here, along with Representa-tive L
UETKEMEYER , Representative R
OSS, and our full committee chair-man, Mr. H
ENSARLING . While the National Flood Insurance Program provides needed insurance coverage, it has numerous problems as currently constructed, and the 21st Century Flood Reform Act seeks to im-plement much-needed reforms in this program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.062 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9230 November 14, 2017 
In addition to reauthorizing the flood program for 5 years, this bill provides increased transparency to the public, provides more information to people living in harm’s way about past dam-ages and the risk of flooding, ensures mapping is timely and accurate, ties rates to risk, gives consumers greater choice in flood insurance options, and incentivizes mitigation and risk reduc-tion. Currently, in Arkansas, we have one private insurer that offers flood insur-ance. A second underwriter is near ap-proval by our Insurance Commissioner Allen Kerr. The benefits to the consumer through private insurance are signifi-cant, as noted by the Milliman study. For example, one private insurer in Arkansas covers up to $2 million in coverage per occurrence, Mr. Speaker, as opposed to the NFIP, which limits coverage to $250,000, across all rating categories at premiums substantially below the NFIP. Further, this private insurer can offer replacement value, reimburse-ment for living expenses if an indi-vidual or family is displaced by a flood. The NFIP does not. For almost 50 years, the experiment in government-provided flood insur-ance has proven to be ineffective, inef-ficient, and indisputably costly to hardworking taxpayers. The time for action is now. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  USA Today, Washington Post, Wash-ington Times, and Chicago Tribune ar-ticles. 
[From the USA Today, Sept. 7, 2017] M
AKEFLOOD INSURANCE REFLECT ACTUAL  R
ISK 
AFTER HURRICANES , TAXPAYERS CAN ’T ABSORB  
EVER INCREASING TABS : OUR VIEW  In 1968, in the wake of Hurricane Betsy, Congress decided it had enough. Flooding was destroying too many homes, leaving fi-nancial and physical devastation in its wake. So lawmakers created the National Flood Insurance Program, a government-run insur-ance fund for homeowners in flood-prone areas. And that’s when things got really bad. The NFIP has been losing money ever since. The program is nearly $25 billion in the red and is running annual deficits in the range of $1.4 billion. That’s because it’s a creation of Congress and therefore sets its premiums according to what is politically convenient rather than what is actuarially sound. With Hurricane Harvey devastating the Houston area, and Hurricane Irma bearing down on the Southeast coast, the program is certain to take a massive loss this year. What’s worse, the NFIP’s woes are self- generating. Because the premiums are well below what should be charged, this effec-tively subsidizes construction in flood-prone areas. And that means its losses grow as more flood-prone land is developed. Hurricane Katrina, which ravaged the Gulf Coast in 2005, exposed just how costly and counterproductive the program had become. In 2012, after years of debate, Congress en-acted a law that made flood insurance rates more reflective of actual risks and expanded the areas considered flood-prone. This generated Category 3 blowback from homeowners and the real estate lobby, and in 2014 Congress passed another law undoing much of the first. Now, with catastrophic losses mounting and sea levels rising, it’s time to revisit the issue. Making federal flood insurance more re-flective of reality would only go so far in dealing with the problem of building in flood-prone areas. That’s because many homeowners don’t have flood insurance and because much of the damage that the gov-ernment eventually pays for is not covered by the program. (Private insurance typically covers damage from wind but not water.) With Katrina, for instance, the flood insur-ance payout was $16.3 billion. But Congress passed supplementary spending of more than $100 billion to provide intensive relief and temporary housing, as well as fix broken lev-ies. With Harvey and Irma, the federal tab be-yond of flood insurance is likely to be even higher. Only an estimated 20% of home-owners in the area affected by Harvey even bothered with flood insurance, a number that has been dropping in recent years. But making flood insurance reflect actual risks is a vital first step in coming to grips with reality. In the past several decades, Americans have flocked to coastal communities, many of them in parts of the country prone to hur-ricanes. With the hit to taxpayers growing and the danger increasing, restraint—even some reversal—of this trend is needed. While people in the hurricane zones de-serve disaster assistance and the nation’s sympathy, taxpayers can’t simply absorb ever increasing tabs for flood losses. The government needs policies that encourage people to build their homes in safer places. Harvey and Irma are just the latest sobering wake-up calls with that message. [From the Washington Post, Aug. 30, 2017] A
FTER HARVEY , FLOOD INSURANCE NEEDS  R
EFORM  Congress must be generous in helping to repair the damage, to lives and to property, from Hurricane Harvey. The full extent of the destruction may not be known for a long time but is evidently catastrophic, just as the damage wrought by Katrina and Sandy was. Even as they demonstrate that they have a heart, lawmakers must also show that they have some brains. Specifically, the United States is long overdue for smart re-forms to one of the major government insti-tutions designed to help people cope with the risk of natural disaster: the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP), which has under-written a total of 5 million policies providing homeowners and some businesses $1.2 trillion in coverage. Now almost half a century old, the NFIP grew out of what was, at the time, a basic re-ality of the insurance business: Flooding risks were actuarially imponderable, so in-suring against them was uneconomic for the private sector, especially in places such as the hurricane-prone Gulf of Mexico. To fill the gap, the federal government offered cov-erage on two conditions: that local commu-nities would take appropriate land-use and other measures to prevent development in risky low-lying areas; and that homeowners would pay actuarially sound premiums. Elegant in theory, the plan gradually suc-cumbed to real estate interests, with the re-sult that flood insurance enabled rather than managed development along coasts and in other flood-prone areas—ultimately putting more people and property at risk than might otherwise have been the case. As it happens, well-to-do people benefit disproportionately from this program; they’re the ones who tend to build big houses on the beach. The NFIP has spent many millions of dollars to repair properties that have been repeatedly flooded. Prior to Katrina, the NFIP was neverthe-less generally able to pay for coverage through the premiums it collected. Massive losses from that storm and Sandy, however, have driven it into de facto bankruptcy; the program has been forced to borrow more than $24 billion from the treasury to pay claims, a debt that was nearly unpayable even before Harvey hit. At the moment, the program has $1.7 billion on hand, plus $5.8 billion left on its line of credit with the Treasury—and some 373,000 policyholders in the Harvey flood zone who will expect to get paid. Coincidentally, the program is due for re-authorization on Sept. 30. Ideally, this dead-line would galvanize Congress to ensure enough money is available to pay current commitments, while reforming NFIP for the future. What’s needed are tougher flood-risk mitigation requirements, more realistic pre-miums and encouragement for private-sector involvement in the business, based on mod-ern technology that may enable insurance companies to underwrite risks they could not have underwritten in the 1960s. Recent history, alas, doesn’t make us opti-mistic: Congress did reform the program on a bipartisan basis in 2012, only to see much of that undone under pressure from coastal- state lawmakers in 2014, after Sandy. ‘‘There is a tide in the affairs of men, which taken at the flood, leads on to fortune,’’ Shake-speare wrote. Congress, though, tends to go with the political flow. [From the Washington Times, Sept. 6, 2017] F
IXING FLOOD INSURANCE IN HARVEY ’SWAKE 
PRIVATE INSURERS COULD HELP IN MATCHING  
COST AND RISK  Hurricane Harvey took the most dev-astating flooding in the city’s history to Houston, and the cost of repairing the dam-age will be astronomical. Sadly, the federal flood insurance program is already under-water and Harvey will only add to the flood of red ink. It’s clear that Congress must re-form the program so the premiums property owners pay more closely reflect the flood risk. Until that happens, nature’s frequent fury will continue to undermine the finances of everyone. With the angry water from the Category 4 hurricane damaging 200,000 Houston-area homes and business firms, early estimates place the cost of restoration as high as $190 billion. That would eclipse the $108 billion loss in the 2005 Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy in 2012. President Trump expects Congress to quickly approve a $7.9 billion down payment for emergency relief. The National Flood Insurance Program, designed to wield the financial muscle of the federal government to protect flood-prone property, has proved to be a money sieve. It covers about 5 million flood-prone properties nationwide, worth about $1.2 trillion, and collects about $3.5 billion annually in pre-miums. The program was $25 billion in the red before Harvey hit—a clear indicator that overall, property owners who are required to carry flood insurance are not paying for the risk. Among the existing program’s short-comings are its policy of grandfathering older structures built in low-lying regions before accurate floodplain mapping began, encouraging owners to renovate rather than demolish. Between 1978 and 2004, these risky properties comprised 1 percent of the pro-gram’s insured properties but accounted for 38 percent of the damage claims, according to the Government Accountability Office. The federal program is subsidizing insurance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.064 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9231 November 14, 2017 
for expensive waterfront property along the Southeastern coastline, favoring the wealthiest homeowners. Congress has made several attempts to put the insurance on a sustainable financial foot-ing, without success. The program will ex-pire at the end of this month, which offers legislators an opportunity to resolve the un-intended consequences of the program. Several constructive bills were reported out of the House Financial Services Com-mittee in June. Among the proposals are provisions giving more leeway to private in-surers who currently offer only federally ap-proved policies. Doing so would allow insur-ers to set premiums tailored to individual properties, resulting in a closer match of in-surance cost and flood risk. Other provisions would limit claim payments for repeatedly flooded properties and require the use of re-placement cost in setting insurance rates. The House is seeking a five-year reauthor-ization of the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram and the Senate version calls for a 10– year term to ensure continuity. Both versions back provisions to allow a gradual increase of private-sector involvement in flood insurance. It’s an idea endorsed by the free-market Cato Institute, which says ‘‘the ideal ‘reform’ to the [program] would be to fully privatize flood insurance. That would be more likely to fix the system in a way that would limit the long-run government li-ability than any alternative legislative ap-proach.’’ Allowing private insurers to have a larger role in future flood protection is sen-sible. No one could have foreseen the once-in-a- lifetime deluge that swamped Houston, but actuaries make their bones calculating risk, including in their calculations such unpre-dictable natural disasters as tornadoes and earthquakes. Insurance premiums undis-torted by Washington rules would give con-sumers a clearer picture of flood hazards, helping them avoid the mistake of building in the path of storms like Hurricane Harvey. With monster storm Irma bearing down on Florida, the need is urgent for Congress to safeguard Americans from future property loss and new heartbreak. 
[From the Chicago Tribune, Sept. 7, 2017] T
HEFOLLY OF PAYING AMERICANS TOLIVE IN  H
ARM’SWAY In the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey’s hit on Texas, and with Hurricane Irma threat-ening Florida, let’s all acknowledge one rea-son for the vulnerability of Americans who live in low-lying coastal regions of the Sun Belt: The federal government has been pay-ing people to locate there. Not explicitly, of course. But an abundance of inexpensive housing is a big attraction. And a big factor in the low cost of housing in the Houston area is that developers are free to build almost anywhere, including marshy, low-lying areas where land is cheap. The chance of being swamped deters some people, but the government offers flood in-surance to pay for repairing and rebuilding. The owners of a Houston home that flooded 16 times in 18 years got more than $800,000 in payments—for a house worth just $115,000. The folly of the government’s flood insur-ance program has been evident for decades, and some Midwestern communities have been in on the action. We’ve written about how federal flood insurance has serially ben-efited many of those who refuse to move from river flood plains, sometimes to a fault. After the Mississippi River flood of 1993, one Grafton, Ill., resident explained to a reporter that he had collected $24,000 in federal insur-ance for damage to his small house from floods in 1979, 1982, 1986 and 1992. For ’93, he expected an additional $32,000. His total in-surance premiums since buying the house in 1975: $6,000. Houston, according to a new study by the National Wildlife Federation, accounts for more than half of all the properties that are flooded and paid for over and over. It has ‘‘managed to host three ‘500-year floods’ in the past three years,’’ notes Michael Grunwald of Politico. Each one costs tax-payers large sums. Yet development in these precarious spots continues apace. ‘‘Why are we writing flood insurance (poli-cies) for new construction in flood zones?’’ asks Craig Fugate, who headed the Federal Emergency Management Agency in the Obama administration. ‘‘Think about it: If you’re going to build a new structure in the flood zone, the private sector can insure it. And if they can’t insure it, then why is the public subsidizing the risk?’’ It’s a big subsidy. Thanks to past storms, the flood insurance program has a $25 billion deficit. The Congressional Budget Office found that coastal counties at risk from tropical storms make up just 10 percent of all the counties with federal flood insurance policies—but generate 75 percent of the claims and most of the deficit. So why is the public subsidizing the risk in these places? Because the people living there, the politicians they elect, the busi-nesses they patronize and various interest groups (such as homebuilders and the real es-tate industry) have strong stakes in pre-serving this program. They’ve been able to prevent the sort of reforms needed to make it actuarially sounder and closer to self-sus-taining. In 2012, Congress passed a modest package of sensible changes that would have raised costs to the flood-prone. But two years later, feeling the political heat, lawmakers back-tracked. Homeowners located in areas that are ex-pected to flood every 100 years are required to buy flood insurance if they want federally insured mortgages. But they pay rates far lower than the risks warrant. That gap deprives builders of incentives to stay out of low-lying areas that are vulner-able to flooding—or to elevate structures to keep them dry when the waters rise. It also promotes the destruction of wetlands that could reduce flooding. Oh, and it helps to tilt migration toward vulnerable coastal regions like those of Texas and Florida. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ), the ranking member of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee on the Financial Services Committee. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the ranking member, and I thank the chair of the committee as well. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to the leg-islation. I am opposed to it because it does not give hardworking Americans the same consideration that we will ac-cord persons who are making billions and we will accord corporations. Corporations are going to get great tax cuts, billionaires are going to get tax cuts. We will eliminate the estate tax, we will eliminate the AMT for bil-lionaires, but we are not going to give hardworking Americans the oppor-tunity to get the relief that they need with reference to the $20 billion worth of debt that the NFIP currently has. If we don’t eliminate that debt now, premiums will go up on hardworking Americans. Hardworking Americans won’t be able to afford premiums, and many of them won’t be able to afford homes. This is not the way to treat people who work hard and pay their taxes. If we can give tax breaks to corpora-tions and billionaires, we can afford to reduce this debt on the NFIP so that hardworking Americans can afford homes. It really is that simple. Five years without another bill: this is our last chance. We can’t pass this chance up so that we can take care of billionaires and corporations at the ex-pense of hardworking Americans. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ), a hard-working member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 21st Century Flood Re-form Act, which will reauthorize and reform our National Flood Insurance Program. The NFIP provides important relief. Millions of Americans rely on this pro-gram to provide coverage when disaster strikes. The nearly 50-year-old NFIP program, however, is in desperate need of reform. Today’s legislation will not only re-authorize the program for 5 years, it will take steps to better align premium rates to risk, improve FEMA’s mapping and appeals process, and begin to cor-rect the way the NFIP manages what are known as repetitive loss properties. Most importantly, H.R. 2874 lays the groundwork for a private flood insur-ance marketplace to take hold, which will improve the fiscal stability and solvency of the NFIP for future genera-tions to come. This bill is a good start, but these reforms must continue to be built upon in the years ahead. I am thankful for the hard work of Chairman H
ENSARLING , Housing and In-surance Subcommittee Chairman D
UFFY , and the entire Financial Serv-ices Committee staff for working to get this bill to the floor today. As many continue to rebuild their lives following the devastation of Har-vey, Irma, Sandy, and others, we need a National Flood Insurance Program that stimulates choice and encourages proactive behaviors to better protect our citizens. Mr. Speaker, again, this legislation is a good start. I encourage all of my col-leagues to support this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
RIST), a leading voice on flood insurance and climate issues and a member of the Fi-nancial Services Committee. Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member for her leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to this bill. We must get flood insurance right, and that starts with affordability. If families can’t af-ford insurance, they simply will not buy it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.015 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9232 November 14, 2017 
In my home State of Florida, the number of NFIP policies has dropped 15 percent since 2012, when Congress started raising premiums. If you don’t think the government should be in-volved in flood insurance, maybe that is good news, maybe that is the goal here, but not for the good of the tax-payer, when families who can’t afford coverage must turn to FEMA after a disaster. The bottom line is that unaffordable insurance will fail. This bill makes flood insurance less affordable, hiking premiums, surcharges, as well as fees. Beyond that, this bill would decrease access to coverage for vulnerable fami-lies, forcing them into a private mar-ket that does not exist. Yes, we absolutely need 21st century flood reform. Our climate is changing, sea levels are rising, floods are getting worse, and sticking our heads in the sand will only make solutions that much more difficult. This bill leaves behind the best re-form ideas from both political parties, like better mapping, as well as mitiga-tion. Those who have lived through nat-ural disasters know you can’t stop the catastrophic force of Mother Nature, but you can prepare. I urge my colleagues to reject this ideological exercise and put people over politics. Let us come together and pass real, sustainable reform for a strong, affordable National Flood In-surance Program. Mr. Speaker, I include letters of op-position in the R
ECORD from the Pinellas County Board of County Com-missioners and the City of Clearwater. 
PINELLAS COUNTY , B
OARD OF COUNTY COMMISSIONERS , Clearwater, FL, November 8, 2017. Hon. C
HARLIE CRIST, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHARLIE : On behalf of Pinellas Coun-ty, Florida, we urge you to oppose the 21st Century Flood Reform Act, H.R. 2874. This bill, which is the compilation of the seven- bill package approved by the House Finan-cial Services Committee this summer, is det-rimental to Pinellas County residents and local governments. Despite the minor changes proposed in the amendment, the bill will increase costs for National Flood Insur-ance Program (NFIP) policyholders, create unfunded mandates by increasing regulatory burdens and responsibilities for local govern-ments, and lead to fewer participants in the NFIP, which will undermine the integrity of the program. We strongly urge you to oppose the bill. The bill would increase premiums on homes built prior to the first flood map by a minimum of 6.5% each year, with properties that have made two or more claims subject to even higher rate increases. In addition to this increase, all policy holders would be as-sessed new and increased fees and surcharges with some of these fees, such as the reserve fund fee, increasing each year. As these in-creased costs are passed on to policyholders, the bill acknowledges that an affordability assistance program is needed, however it del-egates that authority to states and requires it to be financed through additional charges on the other policyholders in the state, cre-ating an even greater financial burden. These increased costs along with the new re-strictions in the bill on types of properties that can obtain coverage through the NFIP will undermine participation in the program, further destabilizing it. The bill does nothing to invest in new flood mapping and tech-nology, which would result in more accurate maps and does not sufficiently invest in mitigation. We ask for your continued as-sistance in ensuring that this bill does not become law. Additionally, we want to thank you for co-sponsoring H.R. 3285, the Sustainable, Af-fordable, Fair and Efficient (SAFE) NFIP Act. The legislation is significantly more consumer-friendly than the House Financial Services Committee approach. The SAFE NFIP Act includes provisions to limit pre-mium rate increases, create means-tested mitigation and affordability provisions, ex-pand the Increased Cost of Compliance pro-gram, develop accurate flood maps, and em-phasize pre-disaster mitigation programs. Again, thank you for your continued as-sistance in ensuring that legislative efforts detrimental to Pinellas County’s over 130,000 policyholders are not enacted into law. We value your support and thank you for co-sponsoring H.R. 3285. Please do not hesitate to contact me if I can provide additional in-formation or answer questions. Sincerely, JANET C. L ONG, Chair, Pinellas County Commission. 
CITY OF CLEARWATER , Clearwater, FL, November 7, 2017. Hon. C
HARLIE CRIST, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE CRIST: On behalf of the City of Clearwater, Florida, we urge you to oppose the 21st Century Flood Reform Act, H.R. 2874. This bill, which is the com-pilation of the seven-bill package approved by the House Financial Services Committee this summer, is detrimental to Clearwater residents and to Florida local governments. Despite the minor changes proposed in the amendment, the bill will increase costs for National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) policyholders, create unfunded mandates by increasing regulatory burdens and respon-sibilities for local governments, and lead to fewer participants in the NFIP, which will undermine the integrity of the program. We strongly urge you to oppose the bill. The bill would increase premiums on homes built prior to the first flood map by a minimum of 6.5% each year, with properties that have made two or more claims subject to even higher rate increases. In addition to this increase, all policy holders would be as-sessed new and increased fees and surcharges with some of these fees, such as the reserve fund fee, increasing each year. As these in-creased costs are passed on to policyholders, the bill acknowledges that an affordability assistance program is needed, however it del-egates that authority to states and requires it to be financed through additional charges on the other policyholders in the state, cre-ating an even greater financial burden. These increased costs along with the new re-strictions in the bill on types of properties that can obtain coverage through the NFIP will undermine participation in the program, further destabilizing it. The bill does nothing to invest in new flood mapping and tech-nology, which would result in more accurate maps and does not sufficiently invest in mitigation. We ask for your continued as-sistance in ensuring that this bill does not become law. Additionally, we want to thank you for co-sponsoring H.R. 3285, the Sustainable, Af-fordable, Fare and Efficient (SAFE) NFIP Act. The legislation is significantly more consumer-friendly than the House Financial Services Committee approach. The SAFE NFIP Act includes provisions to limit pre-mium rate increases, create means-tested mitigation and affordability provisions, ex-pand the Increased Cost of Compliance pro-gram, develop accurate flood maps, and em-phasize pre-disaster mitigation programs. Again, thank you for your continued as-sistance in ensuring that legislative efforts detrimental to Clearwater’s over 11,000 pol-icyholders are not enacted into law. We value your support and thank you for co-sponsoring H.R. 3285. Please do not hesitate to contact the city should you need addi-tional information, and with warm, personal regards, I am Sincerely, GEORGE N. C RETEKOS . 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this legislation, which contains critical reforms that protect access to affordable insurance, improves the way policyholders are treated when filing a claim, and places the National Flood Insurance Program on the path towards fiscal solvency. Included in this legislation is the bi-partisan bill I introduced with Con-gresswoman C
AROLYN MALONEY that provides a credit to NFIP policyholders who reduce their flood risk through mitigation. Homeowners who do the right thing and invest in mitigation ac-tivities deserve a strong return on their investment in the form of lower NFIP premiums. On Long Island, where the coastal economy is our main economy, pro-tecting life and property from flood damage is a top priority. I look forward to working with all my colleagues in Congress to get this bill passed in the Senate and sent to the President’s desk without delay. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this essential legislation, grateful for Chairman H
ENSARLING ’s and Chairman D
UFFY ’s leadership on this issue, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICH-
MOND ), the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus and a long time leader on flood insurance issues. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congresswoman W
ATERS , the ranking member. Oftentimes in this body, we talk about leadership. Leader-ship is what Congresswoman W
ATERS  did after Hurricanes Katrina and Rita; but, more importantly, 4 years ago, when the threat of new flood policies were going to make people pay the cost of their home every 5 years, we were talking about paying 20 percent of the value of your home in flood insurance every year, she came down to Lou-isiana and met with Louisiana citizens. She didn’t come to the urban areas, al-though she passed through, but she went to the rural areas, talked to mid-dle-income families to figure out how flood insurance reform would hurt them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.065 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9233 November 14, 2017 
What she found out is that it was going to cause more families to just turn in the keys to their house and give their homes back to the mortgage company or declare bankruptcy so that they can just get by. This bill is a lot better than the bill that was in committee, and I want to thank the chairman and my colleagues from Louisiana, Mr. S
CALISE and Mr. G
RAVES , for making it a better bill. But when we are talking about home-owners, the most responsible people in society who have now purchased their piece of the American Dream, when you have people who played by the rules, bought the home of their dreams, you don’t change the rules halfway to say: Hey, we know this was the rule when you bought the House, but now it has changed, and all of a sudden that $500 in insurance you pay a month is now $1,500. That is not responsible, it is not fair, and we are picking on homeowners. I would just say to my friends on the other side of the aisle that the bill is better, but it is not worthy of the American taxpayer or the American homeowner. We keep talking about the private market. They are going to pick and choose where they want to insure, and then, all of a sudden, you are left with a high-risk pool, where homeowners who work every day are stuck with costs that they just can’t afford. I would simply say that this is some-thing we really could do, in this atmos-phere, in a bipartisan way, because it is the right thing to do. With all the good things in the bill, the problems—the bad outweighs the good. I would just remind my friends on the other side of the aisle, the commu-nity that you save may be your own. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), the majority whip, who has a slightly different mes-sage. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Texas, Chairman H
ENSARLING , for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill that, really, if you look at what we are trying to achieve here, it is a few things, but the main two things are to give further reforms and protections to the taxpayers of this country while also making sure that we are pro-tecting and giving certainty to the pol-icyholders of the National Flood Insur-ance Program; the fact that this is a 5- year reauthorization; the fact that we were able to protect the grandfathering provisions that are so important to families who have played by the rules, and if the rules are going to change, it is not fair that you would hold some-thing against somebody that was legal in the past; the fact that this bill has important reforms, like Ross-Castor. We all talk about the fact that NFIP is the only place for most families to go that want to buy flood insurance. We need to develop a private market-place, Mr. Speaker, and, frankly, for most families, it just doesn’t exist. Those Ross-Castor provisions are so important to finally help jump start that process. This program has had its own finan-cial difficulties, and this bill helps strengthen the program, helps give some certainty, and, frankly, it gives some provisions in the bill that are going to make it better for families who rely on this program, and the tax-payers of this country, who help make sure that we have a stable economy. It is important for homeownership, it is important that we maintain those provisions on grandfathering that were so important to our communities, and it is important that we pass this bill. I am glad that the House is taking this action today. Mr. Speaker, again, I commend Chairman HENSARLING and Congress-man D
UFFY for their hard work, and all the other Members who played such an important role in getting us to this point. b1600 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
OBI-
ONDO ), a senior member of the Trans-portation and Infrastructure Com-mittee, and someone who has been working hard to try and have a bipar-tisan effort on this bill. Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Ms. W
ATERS , Mr. H EN-
SARLING , and Mr. D UFFY , for their work on this bill, and especially to my good friend, S
TEVE SCALISE . I know there was an effort to do this the right way, but I rise in opposition for a couple of reasons. First, I am dis-appointed. I am disappointed because we, in this body, had an opportunity to have a bipartisan bill that would have probably generated more than 400 votes, that we would have had a big high-five moment, and we could have moved forward. The Senate would have taken it. The President would have taken it. But now we have a situation that makes me angry—angry because we are picking winners and losers, angry be-cause the misery index for some Mem-bers is more important than the misery index in my district or the Northeast. Five years ago, we were about a month after Superstorm Sandy. We had political hand-to-hand combat to get what the rest of the Nation has gotten almost automatically with every nat-ural disaster in the whole course of our Nation’s history. But no, Superstorm Sandy, there had to be an offset. We barely got the help we needed. This is all tied in together because we still have people suffering in New Jersey and New York and the North-east from the aftermath of Sandy, and it is tied into this with Federal flood insurance. It is critically important. And why should it be that the con-cerns of my district and the people who I represent have any less of an influ-ence on what happens here? I am angry, and I am disappointed that I have to fight with my own party on these issues. I am not at all sorry to stand up as strongly as I can for the constituents who deserve this—hard-working people who are trying to stay in their homes. I know the program has problems. I know we have to do this in a different way, and we have had an opportunity to do it in a bipartisan way, where all of our constituents should have been helped, instead of picking winners and losers. I am sick and tired of having to de-fend the people in my district and the people in the Northeast from policies that don’t mean the right thing for us. Please do the right thing; vote ‘‘no.’’ Let’s come back with a bill that makes sense. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ), an-other respected member of our com-mittee. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING and Chairman D UFFY for their tireless work on this bill. They have la-bored endless hours to bring this bill to the floor, and we are very appreciative of that. Mr. Speaker, the fact that we are here today shows that our legislative process is working and that we are doing the challenging work the Amer-ican people sent us here to do, work that isn’t always easy. Quite often, it is hard, but it is the right thing to do. After months of hard work, the Fi-nancial Services Committee passed a package of bills in June to reform and reauthorize the National Flood Insur-ance Program. Mr. Speaker, many of these bills in that package passed with unanimous support. You only have unanimous sup-port with strong bipartisan support. Now, after lengthy negotiations, we are taking up this compromise bill that will significantly improve the NFIP and protect America’s taxpayers. The 21st Century Flood Reform Act will make major strides to grow the private flood insurance market and start to put the NFIP on a fiscally sustainable path. This bill will also implement flood mapping improvements and increase transparency and disclosure so policy-holders will know the true risk of floods at their property. The bill also includes an amendment that I introduced with my good col-league and dear friend from Georgia, Representative D
AVID SCOTT. The NFIP is far too complicated for policy-holders, insurers, and mortgage lend-ers, so this amendment, which passed with unanimous support, calls for a GAO study on how the program may be simplified and streamlined. The NFIP authorization expires on December 8, so I would urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting this worthy program. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.066 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9234 November 14, 2017 
gentleman from New York (Mr. K ING), a senior member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee who has worked a long time for bipartisanship on reauthoriza-tion of the National Flood Insurance Program. Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I appreciate her courtesy. I did ask my side for time. Unfortunately, they had no time available, so I thank the gentlewoman for coming to my rescue on this. I feel very strongly about this, and I echo the comments of Mr. L
OBIONDO . The premium increase here can have a devastating impact on my constitu-ents. Without grandfathering, we would see premiums skyrocket. And when Mr. L
OBIONDO and I tried to ame-liorate this by suggesting a com-promise by putting a $5,000 cap on pre-miums, we were rejected. When Mr. L
OBIONDO talked about a bias against the Northeast, that bias continues today from Sandy. Lou-isiana, Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico all received tax relief following their storms. To this day, voters in my dis-trict have not received that tax relief; and Mr. L
OBIONDO ’s district is the same. So I am also tired of this regional bias. We, in the Northeast, get treat-ed—whether it is on taxes, or whatever it is, we do not get a fair shake. Maybe they don’t need our votes. Well, you are not getting my vote today. I urge Members to vote in oppo-sition. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
ACARTHUR ), a very hardworking member of the Fi-nancial Services Committee. Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I also am from the Northeast, from New Jersey, and I rise in support of this bill today. Five years ago, Superstorm Sandy devastated my district. Ocean County, my home, was the epicenter of that storm. You might remember the photo-graphs of the iconic Jet Star roller coaster sitting in the ocean. That was my district. Even today, I have thousands of con-stituents who are still out of their homes. Now, thousands more are expe-riencing the same thing because of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria. 140 million Americans live in coastal counties, and the NFIP has done a lot to help with zoning standards, building standards, flood plain management standards. It hasn’t been run perfectly, but this program is desperately needed by people in areas like mine. The NFIP has fiscal issues, and this bill seeks to address them. It is the only Federal disaster program that ac-tually collects money in advance of a disaster. When I got on this committee a year ago, I set out on this issue to do four things: a long-term reauthorization, improve affordability, increase ac-countability, and enhance mitigation efforts. This is a 5-year reauthorization. It reduces the mandatory annual cap on premium increases; it brings more ac-countability, including my language to forbid NFIP from hiring disbarred law-yers; and it doubles the mitigation cov-erage from $30,000 to $60,000. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO ), a senior member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services and a strong progressive leader. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I don’t even know if I need 2 minutes. Look, this bill has some good things in it. Everybody admits that. It does. Like every bill I have ever voted on, there is some good, there is some bad. But this bill has more bad in it than good. It has some good philosophy that I won’t agree with the details. I agree we should do something about repetitive loss properties. I think everybody agrees with that, but not the draconian measures taken in this bill. We all agree that we need to help make it a stable fiscal platform, but not what this bill does. That is the problem here. This is not a—I have seen worse bills. As a matter of fact, I have seen worse flood insurance bills, so this, I will have to admit, is an im-provement over the last horrendous flood insurance bill. But it is not even close yet. And the problem here, this is a missed opportunity. Flood insurance doesn’t need to be partisan. It doesn’t need to be based on philosophical pu-rity. This is a necessity to many Amer-icans, many middle class Americans, and there is no doubt, without winning or losing any votes at home, we could work this out if the majority wanted to. But you don’t. You don’t want any Democratic votes. Apparently, you don’t want all the Republican votes. Why? I don’t know. Maybe lighting candles at the altar of certain philosophies. When this bill—not if—when this bill fails in the Senate, you are going to find a lot of people over this side who continue to want to work with you to come up with a bill we can all embrace. I know that will happen, and I look for-ward to that day. This bill isn’t it, and everybody here knows it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), a senior Democrat and leader on environmental issues in the House. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy in yielding me this time. I have enjoyed listening to the debate back and forth. There is no area in Congress that I have spent more time on, over the course of the last 20 years, than dealing with flood insurance. I was the author of the last major piece with our former colleague, Doug Bereu-ter. I agree with much of what was said on both sides. There are remaining significant prob-lems. Insurance is not priced properly. It is not that it is too expensive or it is too cheap, it is not priced properly. We have some winners and losers now, but too many people are subsidized by the majority. We are not doing all that we can. The Federal Government ends up holding the bag for billions of dollars for un-necessary flood damage with storm after storm after storm; and, by the way, there are more on the way. It doesn’t have to be this way. Part of the problem is that because, inevi-tably, when we talk about reform, it costs money, and there are some people who end up paying more. It is easy not to update the maps. It is easy not to have people pay actuarial rates. It is easy not to force local governments to do their job and not allow building in harm’s way. I strongly agree that, in times past, low-income and minority people were subjected to real problems and more flooding than they should have been. But now is the time to try and pivot and do something about it. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a list of groups that are supporting this legislation. 
National Association of REALTORS® (NAR), National Association of Home Build-ers (NAHB), Property and Casualty Insurers Association of America (PCI), American In-surance Association (AIA), Reinsurance As-sociation of America (RAA), Council of In-surance Agents and Brokers (CIAB), Na-tional Association of Federally-Insured Cred-it Unions (NAFCU), Financial Services Roundtable (FSR), Mortgage Bankers Asso-ciation (MBA), American Land Title Asso-ciation (ALTA), The SmarterSafer Coalition, National Wildlife Federation (NWF), Na-tional Multifamily Housing Council (NMHC), National Apartment Association (NAA), Community Mortgage Lenders of America (CMLA), Commercial Real Estate Finance Council (CREFC), Real Estate Services Pro-viders Council, Inc. (RESPRO), The Real Es-tate Roundtable, Leading Builders of Amer-ica, The Manufactured Housing Institute (MHI), Building Owners and Managers Asso-ciation (BOMA) International. The Realty Alliance, Habitat for Human-ity, Institute of Real Estate Management (IREM), International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC), Association of Bermuda In-surers and Reinsurers (ABIR), Wholesale & Specialty Insurance Association (WSIA), Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council (SBE Council), Conservatives for Responsible Stewardship (CRS), Coalition to Reduce Spending, American Consumer Institute, CCIM Institute, Council for Affordable and Rural Housing, NAOIP, The Commercial Real Estate Development Association, Na-tional Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (Nareit), National Affordable Housing Management Association, National Associa-tion of Housing Cooperatives, National Leased Housing Association, Taxpayers for Common Sense, R Street Institute, National Taxpayers Union (NTU). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, the list is an interesting collection. It includes environmental groups, con-sumer groups, housing advocates, busi-nesses, fiscal watchdogs, and taxpayer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.067 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9235 November 14, 2017 
advocates. And all of them don’t agree with every detail. Many of them would identify with some of the debates, but they agree that this bill is a step in the right direction, and we should use it. What we vote on today—and I hope that it passes, I am going to vote for it—is not the last word. As it wends its way through the legislative process, if we all do our job of making it better, we can have that high-five moment that I think we all look forward to. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), the chair-man of the Housing and Insurance Sub-committee, and the sponsor of the leg-islation, the 21st Century Flood Re-form Act. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for all his good and relentless hard work on this bill. I appreciate his tenacity. I want to thank Mr. B
LUMENAUER for the comments that he just made. The two of us had not worked together on a lot of issues, but this is one we saw eye-to-eye, and, through flood, I think we have seen a lot of common ground and built a friendship together. I actually promised I was going to wear a bike today, and I haven’t kept my promise. Later today, I will wear that for Mr. B
LUMENAUER . But I want to talk about the debate we have had here today. This has been an effort at bipartisanship. On the Re-publican side, I have worked with Rep-resentatives G
RAVES and S CALISE and Z
ELDIN and K INGand L OBIONDO and M
ACARTHUR trying to bring in their concerns to this legislation. On the Democrat side, I have worked with Mr. S
COTT; I have worked with Mrs. M
ALONEY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , all con-cerned about the Northeast and the Sandy reforms that were necessary to learn the lessons. We have included those reforms in this bill. I sat down countless hours with the ranking member. She shared her phone number with me. She left me at the dance though, because before this thing was done, she walked away. We tried to get a bipartisan bill. We worked on this thing together; so to say something other than that is just not fair, it is not right. We have tried. You might not like the end product, but we have gone a great distance to get a bill that everybody can agree on, and I think we are going to get that today. b1615 I want to talk about a few things. We are $25 billion in debt, a deficit of $1.5 billion a year. This program is not sus-tainable. We have people who are build-ing homes in harm’s way. They get flooded multiple times. The chairman and I saw a homeowner who was flooded three times in 10 years. One homeowner let his house burn because he had to go save his kids who were getting swept away in flood-waters, and we rebuild those homes in the same location and risk the lives of firefighters and first responders to go save them. This policy is unacceptable and it is not compassionate. I hear my friends across the aisle say: You are going to hurt home-owners. Their rates are going to sky-rocket. What? On average, for a year, the price of flood insurance, on average, will go up $20, less than $2 a month, and they are screaming bloody murder about that? And what do they get for it? I have a list of 30 things of great re-form we get in this bill to help home-owners. Yes, highly subsidized properties in a pre-FIRM space are going to pay a lit-tle more, a little higher escalator, but we spend a billion dollars on mitiga-tion helping people flood-proof their homes, helping people get bought out of their home and get to higher ground so they don’t have to live in a home that is continually flooded. I don’t know if you have lived in a flood home, but it ain’t fun. It is hor-rible. Get them out. A billion dollars for that program. We help communities with their mapping. We give them options to map, and we give them an appeals process in their mapping. Great reform, we set up a private market. Now, you don’t have to take the pri-vate market, but you have an option to get a private plan that might have a better rate than the government offers you. You have a choice—a choice, God forbid—a choice that gives you a better price. By the way, when we get the private market in, we all float our risk to the private sector. When a disaster hits Texas or Florida, it is not just the tax-payers who bear all the burden. We have private companies in play. That is a great thing. This is a good bill. This is a bipartisan bill. Let’s stand to-gether and reform a program to help the homeowner and our national debt. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, let me say to my col-leagues on the opposite side of the aisle, my chairmen, Mr. H
ENSARLING  and Mr. D
UFFY , we did work very hard to try and get a bipartisan bill. As I negotiated with them, every time I reached an impasse, I thought about Sandy and how hard Democrats had to work to provide support for an area that should have gotten the sup-port of everyone in the Congress of the United States. However, there was a demand from the opposite side of the aisle that it had to be paid for. We worked very hard to give them assist-ance, and they still have not been made whole. Every time I reached an impasse, I thought about Louisiana and the work that I had done after Katrina and the visits that I have made there, the peo-ple that I got to know, and what I real-ly have learned to understand about af-fordability. Every time I reached an impasse, I thought about Florida, I thought about Texas and what has happened recently with these storms. Having worked in this way and hav-ing been a coauthor of Biggert-Waters and having been the author of the Homeowner Flood Insurance Afford-ability Act, I think I know something about storms, something about the devastation that has been caused to families and communities, and I insist on affordability. Mr. Speaker, as Democrats and some Republicans have made clear, this is a comprehensively bad bill that is harm-ful for families and businesses. In the wake of one of the most disastrous hur-ricane seasons in history, this bill would make flood insurance more ex-pensive, less available, and less fair for millions of Americans. I have repeatedly stated that afford-ability is my top priority, which is made worse by this bill. Even with the slight revisions that the chairman has made, coverage would still be less available, and cherry-picking by the private sector would be encouraged, putting the government on the hook for the riskiest of policies. It is important to note that the big-gest challenge to the National Flood Insurance Program is its massive debt, which the bill only addresses by charg-ing hardworking Americans more for their flood insurance. That is just not fair. We have comprehensive support for this bill from both the private sector and from our nonprofits. I don’t know about any consumer organizations that support this bill, but I do know this. I know that I worked very hard to talk about mitigation and how I thought it could be a program that the locals could be involved in with the Federal Government. I know I worked very hard talking about the repetitive oc-currences that the chairman was con-cerned about, but I also offered alter-natives to what he is advocating. I talked about outreach and edu-cation to them, about a buyout pro-gram that they may join with and ac-cept voluntarily. I know that I tried everything that I could. I listened to Members from both sides of the aisle, and I know that we both wanted to have a comprehensive bill that was bi-partisan. Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that we end up with this bad bill. I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, there are a lot of hor-rific images from Hurricane Harvey. We should never forget them. We should look at this image and say: Never again. Yet I hear from my colleagues: Let’s preserve the status quo. Let’s again subsidize people to live in harm’s way. I say no, Mr. Speaker. It is time to get these people out of these neighbor-hoods. Let’s help them. That is why 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.069 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9236 November 14, 2017 
this bill has more money for mitiga-tion and relocation than has ever been in any flood insurance reform bill. I hear my ranking member say that she cares about affordability. Then let’s give people options. I hear from people who say: NFIP would have cost me $2,700 a year, but I was able to find private coverage for $718. Here is another one: I have benefited from switching to private market flood insurance from FEMA. I save about $1,000 a year. Let’s save money. Let’s save pre-miums. Let’s save lives. Let’s vote ‘‘aye’’ on the 21st Century Flood Re-form Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Y
ODER ). All time for debate has ex-pired. Pursuant to House Resolution 616, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, in this form, yes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Pascrell moves to recommit the bill, H.R. 2874, to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: At the end of the bill, add the following new title: TITLE VII—EFFECTIVE DATE 
SEC. 701. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, each provision of this Act shall take effect on the later of the following: (1) The first date by which both the Admin-istrator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency and the Inspector General of the Federal Emergency Management Agency have, independently of each other, submitted written certification to the Congress and caused such certification to be printed in the Federal Register that final resolution has been reached on all claims for losses result-ing from Hurricane Sandy of 2012 that were covered by flood insurance made available under the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram; or (2) The date that such provision would oth-erwise take effect but for this section. 
Mr. PASCRELL (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to the committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, this amendment would require the FEMA Administrator and the DHS inspector general to certify that all claims for victims of Superstorm Sandy are addressed before this bill takes effect. Many in this Chamber should recall 5 years ago Superstorm Sandy caused widespread destruction throughout New Jersey and many States in the Northeast. Superstorm Sandy barreled up the East Coast, bringing death and destruction. Over 200 people in the United States and the Caribbean died, and the storm caused more than $71 billion in damage. Sandy swamped coastline communities. It knocked out power for millions of people and busi-nesses, flooded public transit systems, and set neighborhoods ablaze. Many Sandy victims have begun down the long road of recovery, but 5 years later, many victims and commu-nities are still waiting for relief. They are still struggling to rebuild their homes and their businesses. It took years for the hardest hit communities in my district, Little Ferry and Moonachie, to receive the relief to build key pieces of public infrastruc-ture. In New Jersey, over 1,200 property owners are still moving through the re-covery programs. Approximately 900 are still not back in their homes. Of all Sandy victims, there are over 2,000 peo-ple still awaiting final review of their flood insurance claims. After victims faced delay after delay to start the claims process with FEMA, they then struggled with insurance companies which were and continue to be a major source of strife for Sandy victims. Many of the residents of New York and New Jersey saw insurers inten-tionally paying out too little on their claims, which in many cases was not enough to cover the cost of repairing the damage. We heard stories of insur-ance adjusters making significant er-rors on reports because they misunder-stood technical definitions, underesti-mated the extent of the damage done, or intentionally misrepresented the cause of the damage. This is all documented. The problems were so significant, we had to force FEMA to reopen the claims process for thousands of home-owners. Some ended up getting addi-tional money. I have heard from many who say that it is still not enough to cover their recovery costs. Mr. Speaker, on the heels of Hurri-canes Harvey and Maria, we are now tasked with reauthorizing the National Flood Insurance Program. To ensure these victims do not face the same troubles as those in my State, we need to apply the lessons we learned from Superstorm Sandy in this reauthoriza-tion. Tragically, this bill does not. We should not allow companies who profited off Superstorm Sandy victims while committing widespread fraud and failing to meet their basic obligations under the National Flood Insurance Program to sell their own flood insur-ance. We should not reauthorize the pro-gram without reforming the claims process to ensure technical definitions of ‘‘earth movement,’’ ‘‘basement,’’ and ‘‘mold damage’’ do not cause delay for victims receiving their fair share. This bill should ensure that victims have the time they need to file an ap-peal and require FEMA to respond so victims are able to move the claims process forward. I submitted several amendments to the Rules Committee with my col-league Representative FRANK PALLONE  of New Jersey to address these issues and the lessons we learned from Sandy. We were denied a vote. At the very least, Mr. Speaker, we must ensure that FEMA certifies that all victims from Superstorm Sandy have had action taken on their case be-fore we make more changes to the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program. That is what a vote in favor of this recom-mit would do. Simply put, it would delay the implementation of the bill until the FEMA Administrator and the DHS inspector general certified that all claims for Superstorm Sandy have been addressed. In order to support Superstorm Sandy victims, I encourage my col-leagues to vote in support of this re-commit, because a ‘‘no’’ vote is a vote against the victims of Superstorm Sandy, no doubt about it, who, for 5 years have still not been made whole. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, first, I have some good news for my friend on the other side of the aisle. I would have him pay very careful atten-tion to title VI of the 21st Century Flood Reform Act. It has everything to do with the whole Sandy appeals proc-ess. We have 25 pages of reforms deal-ing with what the gentleman was de-scribing, including Section 601, Pen-alties for Fraud and False Statements in the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram. And, indeed, after Sandy, many of the policyholders were wronged and there was much that we learned from that experience, and we tried to listen very carefully to a number of our col-leagues from New Jersey and New York and, indeed, took many of the provi-sions which they have suggested. b1630 The gentleman from New Jersey, in-deed, has some very legitimate issues and concerns. Many of them, I hope and trust, have been addressed in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.071 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9237 November 14, 2017 
bill. It is not too late. I would urge the gentleman to look at that title IV of the bill and perhaps he would be en-couraged to support it. Otherwise, Mr. Speaker, I must urge rejection of the motion to recommit because, as you heard from the gen-tleman from New Jersey, he says it is all about delay. We can’t delay getting people out of harm’s way. We can’t delay getting people out of neighbor-hoods that have flooded four, five, six, seven times in the last 8 years. For those who can’t afford flood in-surance, we can’t delay getting them market alternatives, where, in the 2 percent of the market that exists today, particularly in Pennsylvania, there are people that are not just sav-ing hundreds of dollars, Mr. Speaker, but even thousands of dollars. We can’t delay. We know that this is a program that is unsustainable. It is a bankrupt pro-gram that is being funded, regrettably, by a bankrupt nation. Taxpayers are on the hook for $1.2 trillion and an an-nual deficit of $1.5 billion of actuarial deficit a year. This thing isn’t just broke, Mr. Speaker, it is bailout broke. We can’t delay. We can’t delay trying to put this back on a path of sustainability so the next time we have a serious storm or superstorm, we want there to be funds available to actually pay claims. So, no, Mr. Speaker, we cannot delay. We cannot delay, and we cannot con-tinue to do what we have done in the past in these repetitive loss areas and have our hands unclean by putting peo-ple back in the exact same neighbor-hoods that haven’t just caused the loss of their property, but one day may very well cost the loss of their lives. We cannot delay. Mr. Speaker, I urge a rejection of the motion to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Passage of the bill, if ordered; and Adoption of the conference report to accompany H.R. 2810. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 190, nays 236, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 629] YEAS—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—7 
Bridenstine Dent Johnson, Sam Maloney, Carolyn B. McGovern Pelosi Pocan 
b1656 Mrs. HANDEL, Messrs. LEWIS of Minnesota, JORDAN, BERGMAN, and Mrs. BLACK changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. CARBAJAL, Ms. SINEMA, Messrs. EVANS, DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. MOORE, Mr. M
CNERNEY, Ms. MATSUI, and Mr. AL GREEN of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 237, nays 189, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 630] YEAS—237 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.074 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9238 November 14, 2017 
Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Clay Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Doggett Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—189 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McNerney Meeks Meng Mitchell Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—7 
Bridenstine Dent Johnson, Sam McEachin McGovern Pelosi Pocan 
b1703 Mr. MARSHALL changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on adoption of the conference report on the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the conference report. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 356, nays 70, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 631] YEAS—356 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clay Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.022 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9239 November 14, 2017 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—70 
Amash Barraga´n Bass Blumenauer Bonamici Capuano Carson (IN) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Cohen Conyers Crowley Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeSaulnier Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Gabbard Garrett Gomez Griffith Gutie´rrez Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kennedy Khanna Kildee Labrador Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lofgren Lowenthal Lynch Massie Matsui Moore Nadler Napolitano Pallone Payne Polis Price (NC) Raskin Ruppersberger Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Tonko Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Bridenstine Dent Grijalva Johnson, Sam McGovern Pelosi Pocan 
b1711 So the conference report was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall vote 631, I inadvertently pressed ‘‘nay’’ on the recording device. I intended to vote ‘‘yea’’ On Agreeing to the Conference Report to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent on Tuesday, November 14, 2017. On rollcall Vote 626, the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule, H. Res. 616, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall Vote 627, passage of H. Res. 616, the rule for consideration of the Con-ference Report to Accompany H.R. 2810, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall Vote 629, the Motion to Recom-mit H.R. 2874, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On rollcall Vote 630, final passage of H.R. 2874, the 21st Century Flood Reform Act, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall Vote 631, agreeing to the Con-ference Report to Accompany H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING BASEBALL PLAYER JOSH REDDICK (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize World Se-ries Champion Josh Reddick and all of his efforts to give back to his home-town in the First Congressional Dis-trict of Georgia. Baseball fans across America know Mr. Reddick as the Houston Astros’ right fielder. But to Rincon, Georgia, Mr. Reddick is a friend and a volunteer who works to improve every corner of his community. Namely, he founded the Josh Reddick Foundation with its most recent project to build an artifi-cial turf baseball field designed specifi-cally for children with special needs. He donated $1 million for the project, which will have smooth fields for wheelchairs, a dugout designed for easy access, first class stadium seating, a 10- foot by 36-foot scoreboard, and more. Groundbreaking for the field will begin on November 18. I am proud that World Series Cham-pion Josh Reddick is from the First Congressional District of Georgia, but I am even more proud to see how this fine young man is giving back to his community. f 
b1715 SELL A TAX REFORM DREAM TO AMERICANS (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, each day the President and congressional Republicans are trying to sell the American people a dream that will not become a reality. In addition to running up the deficit, lining the pockets of the very wealthy, and eliminating critical deductions that New Jerseyans rely on, this tax scheme dismantles the ladder of oppor-tunity that allows Americans to grow and thrive. Eliminating the medical expense de-duction will devastate households na-tionwide struggling to recover from high healthcare costs. Removing the student loan interest deduction will cost recent college graduates hundreds of dollars a year, significant to young Americans trying to get on their feet. Our tax system works best when it is fair, responsible, and supportive of the true drivers of our economy: families, workers, and small businesses. I refuse to let congressional Repub-licans try to sell America a dream that never will be reality, and definitely not on the backs of the most vulnerable. 
f 
CONGRATULATING WAYZATA CROSS COUNTRY (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I offer my congratulations to the Wayzata girls and boys cross country teams, who both won Minnesota State high school championships this season. The Wayzata girls’ team was led by sophomore Emma Atkinson, who fin-ished in third place overall at State. Three of their runners placed in the top 10, which helped them beat second- place Edina by 19 points. Dave Emmans, who was the 2014 Girls Cross Country Coach of the Year, did an out-standing job leading the Trojan girls’ team. On the boys’ side, Wayzata senior Khalid Hussein, led the boys’ team to victory after coming in first place at State. Six of Wayzata’s runners placed in the top 25. This was the Trojans’ 10th State championship in 25 years, and Head Coach Mark Popp has now led the team to victory in two of the last three seasons coaching. Mr. Speaker, cross country takes an immense amount of dedication, pas-sion, and endurance, and it was evident that these Wayzata teams have worked so hard. Congratulations to the runners, the coaches, and the families for their suc-cess this year of the Wayzata cross country boys and girls teams for be-coming State champs. f 
HONORING EVELYN MALZBERG (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I rose to honor our Nation’s public schools. Today I rise to honor Ms. Eve-lyn Malzberg, a lady who embodies the saying: ‘‘It is never too late to learn.’’ After graduating high school in 1943, Ms. Malzberg thought about going to college, but Ms. Malzberg’s mom told her that no man would marry a woman smarter than he is. So Ms. Malzberg found success elsewhere. She married, raised a family, and had a career as a legal secretary. Somewhere along the way, Ms. Malzberg concluded that she had made a mistake. She started taking college courses, one a semester. A few years ago, at the young age of 84, Ms. Malzberg graduated from New Jersey City University with a bachelor’s de-gree in creative writing. I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating Ms. Malzberg, a lady whose remarkable story proves how valuable the Nation’s public education system is to our people. 
f 
NDAA CONFERENCE REPORT PASSAGE (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for the conference report on the National De-fense Authorization Act, which passed the House of Representatives today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.024 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9240 November 14, 2017 
In a great bipartisan moment, the NDAA received overwhelming support to authorize almost $700 billion in de-fense spending and set priorities for our military, including the largest pay raise for our troops in 8 years. The con-ference report kept funding important to Georgia’s 12th District, included in the earlier versions of the FY18 NDAA, such as $8 billion in funding for cyber operations and over $85 million in new military construction to prepare for our cyber warriors at Fort Gordon, like new family housing and a new gate. Ensuring that our soldiers, sailors, and airmen are equipped with the fa-cilities and resources they need to fight the battles of today and tomor-row is crucial to our Nation’s safety and security. Days after celebrating one of the most important days of the year hon-oring our veterans, I am happy to say that, with the passage of H.R. 2810, we have provided for the common defense, supported our servicemembers, and worked to close the critical readiness gap. 
f 
TAX PLAN AND EDUCATION (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, my Republican colleagues tell me that this tax plan will grow the economy and make American workers more competi-tive, but, in reality, the plan would bankrupt our future. It threatens pro-visions that directly support our schools and our students. By elimi-nating the State and local tax deduc-tions, it penalizes States and school districts that have chosen to invest in our young people. In my home State of California, that threatens over $750 in State funding per public school student each and every year. For Americans with stu-dent loan debt, this plan eliminates the student loan interest deduction. In my district, over 21,000 people claim this deduction each year. As a former college professor, I know the sacrifices that many of our students have to make to pursue an education. This tax plan asks them to pay even more. These priorities are out of sync. This is not tax reform that puts middle class families first. We can do better. 
f 
NEED A TAX CODE FOR THE 21ST CENTURY (Mrs. HANDEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Speaker, the last time we had real tax reform in this country was 1986. To achieve economic growth in the 21st century, we need a Tax Code de-signed for the 21st century. The status quo is simply not getting it done. It is not good enough. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a bold, transformative step that simplifies our Tax Code and reduces the tax burden on working Americans and middle-in-come families. This bill reduces the Federal tax rate for the majority of low- and middle-income Americans while doubling the standard deduction. More than 65 percent of filers in Geor-gia’s Sixth Congressional District use that standard deduction. What does it mean? It means that a married couple will be able to pay not a dime of tax on their first $24,000 of income every year. The bill will also fuel economic growth and job creation. Small busi-nesses will be at the lowest tax rate since World War II. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act contains real tangible bene-fits for the majority of American tax-payers. I support this bill enthusiasti-cally and I urge my colleagues to do the same. f 
NOT A TAX BILL FOR OUR TIME (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this tax bill is not about the future. It is about our past. Millions of Ameri-cans, middle class families, will have increased taxes under this tax scam. In fact, in the State of Texas, 230,000- plus Texans will pay an average of over $6,000 more in taxes. That is a tax scam. In addition, Mr. Speaker, this is not a futuristic tax bill. This is not a tax bill for our times. This is a tax bill that implodes higher education. For in-stance, it does not allow the deduction of student loans or interest payments on those loans or tuition or expenses, eliminating the opportunity for edu-cational growth. It eliminates the tax credit for re-search and innovation; again, sty-mieing the growth of the United States as it relates to research and innova-tion. Then to the large universities, the endowments that are used to help our students to build complexes to edu-cate the best and the brightest are eliminated. This is a tax scam. It is a tax scam on higher education. It is a tax scam on hardworking middle class Ameri-cans. It deserves a resounding ‘‘no’’ vote because we don’t want to go back. We want to go toward the future. 
f 
PASSING TAX CUTS (Mr. BLUM asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, the only time I hear some of my colleagues ex-press their concern about the deficit is when this body is considering policies to let hardworking American families keep more of their hard-earned money. This is not the government’s money. It is the people’s money. They earned it. If tax revenues to the government are a concern, then certainly we should pass tax cuts. After President Kennedy cut tax rates, revenues to the government in-creased from $95 billion to $280 billion. After President Reagan cut tax rates, revenues to the government increased from $600 billion to $1.35 trillion. Furthermore, annual GDP growth rates increased into the 4 to 5 percent range following these tax cuts. We are going to witness this increase in eco-nomic growth again under President Trump with a tax bill this House will consider later this week. As Ronald Reagan said: ‘‘We don’t have a trillion-dollar debt because we haven’t taxed enough. We have a tril-lion-dollar debt because we spend too much.’’ f 
TAXES AND A BETTER DEAL (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Republican tax reform bill coming to the floor this week raises serious questions about the impact that this legislation will have on middle class families, our ability to invest in our transportation infrastruc-ture, and students’ ability to attend college. My hometown, Dallas, Texas, and every municipality in the region has written objections to how they are af-fected. For one, the GOP tax plan eliminates many tax deductions that are favorable to middle class Ameri-cans, such as the medical expense de-duction and State and local income and sales tax deductions. These important deductions help middle class families lower their tax liability and put more money in their pockets for everyday needs of hardworking Americans. The plan also looks to an estimated $2.6 trillion stockpiled overseas for U.S. corporations. The plan seeks to allow repatriation of these funds for as little as 5 percent tax on brick-and- mortar assets, or 12 percent on cash kept overseas. This was one of the same methods being considered to fund the major infrastructure bill that we are still waiting for, which raises con-cerns about how we will pay for our crumbling infrastructure. Finally, the GOP tax plan also seeks to eliminate the student loan tax deduction. This is a troubling change to existing law, as it places an even heavier burden on our future generations and others seeking a college edu-cation. Every college and university in my re-gion has complained. All of these changes are proposed to the tune of an added $1.7 trillion dollars to our deficit. Mr. Speaker, I share the view with many of my colleagues that we are due for a major re-form of our tax code. However, we must not do so at the expense of millions of middle and lower class Americans are already struggling to get by. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.083 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9241 November 14, 2017 
CELEBRATING GOD’S WORD (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support 76 years of celebrating God’s Word during National Bible Week. No other book has sold more copies or changed more lives than the Bible. Abraham Lincoln said: ‘‘In regard for this great book, I have this to say, ‘It is the best gift God has given to man. All that the good Savior gave to the world was communicated through this book.’’’ May we always remember the impact the Bible has had on this country and on our democracy. May we govern ac-cording to its timeless precepts and principles, and may God bless these United States of America. 
f 
b1730 GOP TAX SCAM BILL (Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the GOP tax scam bill, H.R. 1, which, con-sidering who it really helps, should be labeled ‘‘H.R. 1 percent.’’ As a member of the Ways and Means Committee, I offered amendments to ensure the middle class benefits, but Republicans rejected those proposals in order to give away tax cuts for cor-porate interests and the top 1 percent. Instead, H.R. 1 percent repeals the de-ductions for State and local taxes, rais-ing taxes on California families who al-ready pay more to the Federal Govern-ment than they receive back. In fact, the average middle class California family who owns a home will see an av-erage tax increase of 26.4 percent, mak-ing California the hardest hit State in the country. It is outrageous. The SALT deduction enables commu-nities to fund important services that improve our quality of life, like law en-forcement, infrastructure, and edu-cation. But repealing it forces con-stituents in my State to either accept higher taxes or a lower standard of liv-ing, all to pay for tax cuts for corpora-tions and the wealthiest few. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the GOP tax scam. 
f 
TAX REFORM (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I would love to vote for a bipartisan tax reform that supports middle class families, ensures the wealthiest Americans pay their fair share, invests in the next generation, and protects small businesses. However, I can’t vote for legislation that would raise taxes for 13 million middle class households next year; or that would give the top 0.1 percent of Americans an average tax cut of over $320,000 while raising taxes on 36 mil-lion families by 2027; or that would pro-vide more tax benefit to the richest 1 percent than the lower 95 percent of Americans combined. Saddling the next generation with $1.7 trillion in debt while prioritizing millionaires and billionaires at the ex-pense of everybody else is irresponsible and cruel. Mr. Speaker, I could spend countless hours describing how this bill harms middle class families, students, the el-derly, and businesses in my home State of New Mexico, but since I only have 1 minute to address the floor today, I will be back tomorrow to talk about how this bill devastates investment and job creation in the quickly growing renewable energy industry in my home State of New Mexico. f 
TAX REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, a moment ago, you heard from my col-league from California (Ms. J
UDYCHU) about the tax bill. She put the first page of H.R. 1 up and she added this lit-tle percentage, H.R. 1 percent. I thought that was not only accurate, but it really does reflect what I was going to show a moment ago, and then I decided to use hers. H.R. 1 is really about the 1 percent. The top 1 percent wealthy Americans would get 50 percent of a $1.5 trillion gift from the American people, which really amounts to an enormous trans-fer of wealth from the working men and women of America who depend upon programs like education—and that was discussed by my colleagues a few moments ago—and depend upon medical services from Medicare, Med-icaid. In California, we call it Medi-Cal. But what is going to happen here with this $1.5 trillion tax cut—and when you add the interest to it, basi-cally, a $2.3 trillion bogus deal that our Republican colleagues are putting forth—is what I call the Texas two- step. This really is Mr. B
RADY from Texas’ program to really do a two-step, together with the Speaker of the House, Mr. R
YAN. The two-step was laid out in the budget bill, and the two-step is this: First, make a monumental tax cut that really is for the superwealthy. And then as soon as you get that signed by President Trump, you do the second step, which is to do massive cuts so that you can deal with the def-icit. So I am going to just bring up the issue of the deficit for just a moment with this. I don’t expect you to really look at all of these numbers, but this is the structural deficit that exists today: $563 billion structural deficit. Every year—this year and in the past years— we are running a serious deficit: $1.5 trillion. Ten years from now, it is going to be over a $1 trillion-a-year structural deficit. So what does H.R. 1, the 1 percent bill, do to you? What it does is it adds to the struc-tural deficit this year $115 billion; and, in 2027, it will add $155 billion. You can look at it this way—and per-haps this is a little easier to under-stand. It is about the deficit, and this is why the two-step is going to happen. By the way, all of the deficit hawks that once occupied that entire array on the right side of the congressional House of Representatives disappeared. They migrated. They migrated south or somewhere. But I will tell you this: as soon as this H.R. 1 percent passes, the deficit hawks will return with a mighty force to make cuts. So here is what happens to the def-icit: it starts down there—this is the annual, not the total deficit—and rises to this in 2027. This little orange across the top is what will be added. We don’t deal with the deficit directly. So here is the deal, folks: cut taxes now so that the superwealthy, five of which are in President Trump’s admin-istration—oh, yes, eliminate the estate tax. Great idea. Do you know what that means to the Trump family? If his wealth is $10 billion, as he says, what it means is that somewhere around a $4 billion tax avoidance. Eliminating the estate tax and the Trump family immediately saves $4 billion. But maybe his net worth is really only $4 billion. So maybe it is just a $1 billion tax savings. That is just on the estate tax alone. This is a bad deal for Americans. It will increase the deficit and it will cre-ate what we call the Texas two-step. Or maybe we should call it the Speaker RYANtwo-step. Mr. Speaker, let me introduce a cou-ple of my colleagues who have joined us today from the State of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
UOZZI ) to com-ment on this piece of legislation and what it means to his constituents. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. G
ARAMENDI for bringing this Spe-cial Order to the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I am here to point out the unfairness of the Republican-led bill for tax reform, as they claim, that would be devastating to New York’s middle class families. I want the people at home to know that the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops have said: ‘‘This proposal appears to be the first Federal income tax modification in American history that will raise in-come taxes on the working poor while simultaneously providing a large tax cut to the wealthy.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.085 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9242 November 14, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is flawed and unfair on many levels. One thing I have learned since taking office back in Jan-uary, here in this Congress, is how very different the regions of this country are. It is different from State to State and it is different from place to place. The amount of money that people make in different regions is different. Their cost of living is different, their property tax bills are different, and their State income taxes are as dif-ferent as night and day. There are now 105 million full-time jobs in the United States of America. Fifty-nine million of those jobs pay less than $50,000 a year. Eighty-six mil-lion of those 105 million full-time jobs pay less than $75,000 per year. In my district, the average salary is actually higher than that, but so are their prop-erty taxes, so are their income taxes, and so is there cost of living. While this bill could be a net positive for some Americans in many regions— in my region and in many other re-gions, and in my State and my district specifically—this bill is a huge net neg-ative for middle class families. One particularly devastating element of this proposal is the elimination of the State and local tax deduction that would be patently unfair to the over 250,000 hardworking families in my dis-trict that rely on that important de-duction. New Yorkers claim the State tax deduction more than just about any other State. In my district, we have more people in the State than any other place that claim the State and local tax deduction. It is the top 10 of the Nation. Let’s look at the some of the spe-cifics of what actually happens in my district: People making between $50,000 and $75,000 in my hometown of Glen Cove will see a 39 percent tax increase. In my hometown of Glen Cove, a family that makes between $100,000 and $200,000 will pay, roughly, $2,100 more in taxes under this plan. In Huntington, every single family making over $50,000 a year will see a tax increase. Every family in Hun-tington making between $50,000 and $75,000 a year will see—get this—a 135 percent increase on what they cur-rently pay. Every family making be-tween $100,000 and $200,000 a year will see a $3,000 tax increase. In Whitestone, every individual tax filer making $50,000 or more will see a tax increase, regardless of their in-come. Mr. Speaker, the evidence is crystal clear for people in my district and in many places throughout this country. This tax reform plan, as it is called, is a punch in the gut to middle class taxpayers. These are hardworking peo-ple who deserve to be lifted up, not slapped down, by draconian tax in-creases that offset tax cuts going to the superrich. How could anyone support a bill that targets our middle class in such a way is unfathomable. When I was elected to Congress, I came here ready and will-ing to work—and I still stand ready and willing to work—across party lines to get things done, even tax reform. I want to see tax reform in this country, but I can’t compromise my values. I can’t let down the families in my dis-trict who are going to be hurt by this plan. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to try to do what is right: protect the hardworking Americans—the hardworking New Yorkers—who play by the rules and ask for very little in return by voting against this ill-conceived legislation, and protect the State and local tax de-duction for our middle class. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. S
UOZZI for his remarks. I ap-preciate him bringing to my attention the SALT—the State and local tax. What basically happens is the Repub-licans are putting salt on the wound and causing an enormous amount of pain for Americans—certainly in Cali-fornia, another high-cost State; Illi-nois; New Jersey; and Massachusetts. This is a problem for about 50 percent of the population of this Nation that is going to see enormous things. In my own State, there are 120,000— not 250,000, as in the gentleman’s State, but 120,000—who are looking at some-where over a $12,000 loss deduction. Mr. SUOZZI. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I just want to point out that in the State of New York, there are many Republicans who have come out against this tax bill because of the fact that it will hurt so many middle class families. b1745 Eliminating the State and local tax deduction is completely and patently unfair. This State and local tax deduc-tion has been in place for over 100 years. Why should someone pay taxes on taxes they have already paid to their State and local governments? Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, there is one additional factor—I know this is the case in California and also in New York—and that is both New York and California are net contribu-tors to other States. In our State of California, even with this deduction, far more tax revenue flows to the Fed-eral Government than Federal Govern-ment revenue comes back to the State of California. It is probably in the 15 to 20 percent net loss range to the State of California, and I think in New York it is similar. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to point out, in the State of New York, we send $48 billion a year more to the Federal Government than we get back from the Federal Govern-ment. We are the largest net donor in America to the Federal Government. We are contributing this money to subsidize many programs that our col-leagues don’t want to support, but we are also supporting their States. Many of the blue States in America, quite frankly, are huge net donors to the Federal Government, and many of the red States are huge net takers from the Federal Government. This is just an-other slap in the face to States like ours. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, Mr. SUOZZI and I could probably spend a couple of hours going back and forth. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ), who comes from the far side of the continent from New York, Wash-ington State. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) for yielding, but also, most of all, for his leadership on so many critical issues around jobs and infrastructure and, of course, for pull-ing together this Special Order hour tonight on this very important subject, because I think that the American peo-ple should understand that Republicans in Congress are trying to literally re-write the U.S. economy with no hear-ings. There were a couple of markups, but those are not hearings. We only just have been receiving some of the information about what is even in the bill to be able to then see what the effects are. The reality is that we owe it to the American people to share how this bill will affect their wallets, their housing, their education, their healthcare. Contrary to what the majority would have you believe, this tax bill is yet an-other vehicle for Republicans to raise taxes on millions of middle class fami-lies and reward the wealthiest and the largest corporations by handing them trillions of dollars worth of taxes. I think that Democrats certainly would love to see, as my colleague said, real tax reform; by that, I mean tax re-form that benefits the middle class and tax reform that would allow us dollars to invest in jobs, in infrastructure, in education, in healthcare. The twist this time that I find inter-esting is that the Republican majority has mysteriously jettisoned its dog-matic fidelity to reducing deficits be-cause—make no mistake about it— however you slice it, this Republican tax bill will explode the budget defi-cits. Mr. Speaker, Representative G
ARAMENDI talked about the two-step earlier, and that is right. We are all going to be dancing a two-step, because what the Congressional Budget Office literally just released is an analysis that said that this tax bill will lead to an immediate $25 billion cut in Medi-care. This bill has many provisions in it. We have been talking about the State and local tax deduction elimination, and that is very important to my home State of Washington. We have about 800,000 people who are able to utilize that deduction and were able to reduce their tax liability by more than $2,600 in Republican and Democratic districts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.087 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9243 November 14, 2017 
across our State. This deduction is sig-nificant to our communities because, really, it guards against double tax-ation. The Fraternal Order of Police just came out against what I am calling the Republican tax scam and the SALT de-duction elimination in particular, the State and local tax deduction elimi-nation. Why did the Fraternal Order of Po-lice come out against this? They came out against this because they understand the two-step that we are going to be dancing. They know that this tax bill and those kinds of de-ductions are ultimately going to lead to, and this is their words: endangering the ability to fund these essential law enforcement agencies that actually keep our communities safe. Another crucial mistake that the Re-publican tax bill makes is eliminating tax-exempt bonds. For folks who are out there who are listening, the way to think about this is, if you have an af-fordable housing problem in your com-munity, if you have a shortage of hous-ing, which is happening across the country, then these tax-exempt bonds are the way that we help encourage and leverage local and State dollars for affordable housing, with these tax-ex-empt bonds. They advance, also, vital transportation projects, and they sup-port infrastructure projects and hos-pitals and colleges and charities. For example, in my district, Seattle Pacific University has been able to use these private activity bonds to finance nearly $42 million in construction and renovations to the library and to the school of law. Similarly, the University of Washington Medical Center has been able to use these bonds to finance crit-ical medical research that has been beneficial across the country. In eliminating several education-re-lated tax deductions, the Republican tax bill is also cutting off valuable paths forward for students of all ages to not only improve their lives, but also to join a workforce that depends on 21st century skills. Mr. Speaker, I know that Mr. G
ARAMENDI spent a lot of time on this, but repealing the student loan interest deduction is in this bill. Let me just remind people that we have $1.4 trillion in student loan debt across the country. That is actually more than credit card debt in this country. This bill, in order to get tax cuts to the largest corporations and wealthiest 1 percent of individuals, would repeal that interest deduction for student loans. In Washington State, that would harm more than 275,000 taxpayers who claim that benefit, and it would raise their yearly taxes by more than $1,000 a year, on average. This bill also hurts our responsible employers who provide tuition assist-ance to help workers continue their studies at associate’s or undergraduate or graduate levels. Tens of thousands of students in Washington State have benefited from this deduction, and that is true across the country. Nationwide, it is estimated that 70 percent of all companies offer tuition assistance. There is another provision in this bill that everyone should be concerned with, and that is eliminating the med-ical expense deduction. That deduction basically says that, if you are suffering from a long-term, very expensive dis-ease, if you have somebody in a nursing home and you have to pay for expen-sive long-term care for people, or maybe somebody who has cancer, that you can deduct medical expenses for those kinds of illnesses. This bill says: No more. Once again, repealing the estate tax, which benefits 5,400 of the wealthiest families in this country, in order to provide that tax benefit, we are actu-ally going to take away this critical tax deduction from regular working families around medical expenses. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the Republican tax bill repeals the new markets tax credit, which, again, was created, real-ly, to incentivize investment in low-in-come and rural areas. That tax credit is responsible for creating more than 12,000 construction jobs and an addi-tional 11,500 jobs in related industries across my State, just as an example. It is extremely shortsighted to repeal that, especially for an administration and a party that says that they care about investing in jobs and infrastruc-ture. We haven’t seen any package for jobs and infrastructure. I am not sure if you have, but I certainly haven’t. The reality is that this bill, because of this two-step that Mr. GARAMENDI  described, which I will just remind peo-ple what that is: the transfer of tril-lions of dollars in wealth from the mid-dle class to the largest corporations and the top 1 percent, and then through exploding the deficit, which this bill does, suddenly triggering automatic cuts as well as a rationale for cutting more from Medicare, from healthcare, from education, from transportation. That is what we are looking at. The early word on the Senate Repub-lican tax bill seems to be just as bad, because I just heard before coming onto the floor that Senate Republicans are now saying that, once again, they are going to try to strip healthcare from Americans by including a repeal of the Affordable Care Act individual mandate. My State knows exactly what hap-pened because we had a situation like that about a decade ago, and we had to dig our way out of that. What it meant was that, essentially, healthcare be-came way too expensive for everybody. There were too many people who were not buying healthcare, so you were stuck with all the people who needed healthcare, who were very sick. It ex-ploded costs and, literally, Americans across the country ended up suffering because of that. They weren’t able to get rid of healthcare. Three times we have beat-en that back. The American people, Re-publicans and Democrats in urban and rural districts across the country, said: No. We want our healthcare. Do not take our healthcare away from us. Once again, the Republicans plan to incorporate this provision and try to once again strip healthcare. Mr. Speaker, insanity is said to be doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. I really fear for the threshold that we are crossing. I fear for our economy; I fear for our middle class families; I fear for our low-income families; and I fear for the future of this country and for the future of our children, because the reality is what we should be doing, if we were going to raise money through taxing people more, is we should be in-vesting that money into infrastruc-ture, jobs, healthcare. Not only are we not cutting the taxes for people who need it the most, but we are increasing their taxes to give a tax break to the wealthiest, and we are de-stroying all of the investments that we need to make into the U.S. economy and into our communities and into our middle class families. This is an incredibly important issue. I don’t think people realize that the Republicans are trying to push through a vote on this bill as early as this Thursday. I really believe that there are some Republicans across the aisle who have come out already and said that this is not a bill that helps our families, that helps our middle class families and our communities. They have been coura-geous to say that. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank them for doing that, and I want to urge other Republican colleagues across the aisle to do the same thing so that we can protect the livelihoods of our children and our families into the future. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative G
ARAMENDI so much for his leadership and for his constant speaking out on the need to invest in infrastructure and jobs. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman very much, Representative J
AYAPAL , for her com-ments. She brought to our attention the inconsistencies that are in this piece of legislation. Everywhere I go and people talk about this, they say: I don’t understand why they want to do that. I don’t un-derstand why, with a growing economy and the economy actually moving along pretty well, 4 percent-plus unem-ployment and growth somewhere in the 3 percent range, why they want to to-tally turn the American economy up-side down in a way that does not create growth. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ), bouncing back across the continent and picking up, once again, in New York. I thank the gentleman for joining me, and I look forward to his words and the wis-dom that he brings from Manhattan. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.089 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9244 November 14, 2017 
him for organizing this Special Order on this terrible Republican tax scam. This scam is a desperate, disgraceful attempt to line the pockets of the wealthiest Americans and corporations at the expense of the middle class. And for what? We are told the corporate and upper income tax cuts will result in more in-vestment, in greater economic growth, which will yield more jobs and more revenue for the country and higher wages for the middle class, but that is bull. They have run this scam twice be-fore. Ronald Reagan passed similar upper class tax cuts and told us they would generate such economic growth that they would pay for themselves. George W. Bush pulled the same scheme. What happened? President Reagan’s cuts sent the na-tional debt—the national debt accumu-lated from George Washington through Jimmy Carter, which was a little less than $800 billion in 1980—from $800 bil-lion to $4.3 trillion 12 years later, quin-tupled. President Bush’s tax cuts turned the projected 10-year, $5.65 trillion sur-plus—remember at the end of the Clin-ton administration, we were having surpluses, and the projected surplus over 10 years was $5.65 trillion. His tax cuts turned that, in 8 years, into $10.63 trillion debt. b1800 It turned a $5.6 trillion surplus into a $10.6 trillion debt. So the argument that these kinds of tax cuts for the upper-income people and for corpora-tions generate greater economic growth to generate more tax revenues has been tried twice, not to mention in Kansas, recently. It doesn’t work. There is nothing in this bill to argue that this tax scam will have a different impact on the economy than Reagan’s or Bush’s. In fact, this scam is so skewed toward the rich and corpora-tions, it could actually be worse. The bill would eliminate the alter-native minimum tax. To put it in per-spective, in 2005, the only year for which we have at least the summary pages of Donald Trump’s tax returns, in that year, Donald Trump paid $38 million in taxes. Of that, $31 million was the alternative minimum tax. The Republicans want to eliminate the only tax that we actually know that Donald Trump has ever paid. His taxes would have been $5 million, not $38 million, if it weren’t for the alter-native minimum tax. Of course, he wants to eliminates it. Republicans will repeal the estate tax, despite the fact that the estate tax is paid by only the wealthiest 5,000 es-tates in the country every year—two- thousandths of 1 percent. Wealthy Americans would also see immediate personal benefits from cuts to corporate taxes. This bill imme-diately and permanently cuts the cor-porate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent. It also cuts the rates for pass- through corporations from 39 to 25 per-cent. Once again, Republicans claim this will help small businesses, but it sim-ply isn’t true. These pass-through cor-porations are extremely wealthy part-nerships and private companies. If you need a good example, I have a great one just outside my district; it is called the Trump Organization, which is orga-nized as a pass-through corporation. Now, they tell us that middle-income businessmen will profit by this, but middle-income businessmen are not paying more than 25 percent to start with, so this will only benefit the rich, again. But while billionaires and corpora-tions will enjoy all these benefits, the Republican bill hands working families ticking time bombs. Unlike the cor-porate tax changes, which are perma-nent and indexed to inflation, every benefit in the Republican tax scam for the middle class sunsets after 5 years or is indexed to a slower rate of infla-tion. Speaker R
YAN brags about a family earning $59,000 a year getting a $1,500 break in their tax burden next year. Well, even in his example, by 2023, that family is right back where they start-ed; and by 2027, they will be paying $500 more than they were this year. This bill wipes out nearly every de-duction and credit that helps working families make ends meet—the deduc-tion of State and local income taxes, which hundreds of thousands of middle- income New Yorkers rely on each year. When the income tax was first en-acted to finance the Civil War, and when it was re-imposed to finance World War I—and we have had it since then—we have always had a deduction for State and local taxes. Why? Be-cause you shouldn’t be taxed on a tax. You shouldn’t be taxed doubly. It is un-fair. But now we will be. The medical expense deduction, which families use to pay for every-thing from fertility treatments to nursing home care, this deduction says: If you are a middle-income family, and your out-of-pocket expenses, beyond your insurance, if you have insurance, beyond your Medicare, if you are a sen-ior citizen, total more than 10 percent of your total gross income, you can de-duct your medical expenses to the ex-tent it exceeds 10 percent of your total gross income. So it has got to be large. If your in-come is $75,000 a year, you can only de-duct the medical expenses that exceed $7,500, not the first $7,500. This will be gone, too. Now, if you have got parents in nurs-ing homes, you depend on this. If you have got a child with cerebral palsy— God forbid—if you have got a kid with cancer, you depend on this, but it is going to be gone. The student loan interest deduction will be gone. So people go to school, they go to college, they come out with these terrible, huge debts. They have to repay the student loans. At least they can deduct the interest on the student loans. Not anymore. The adoption tax credit, child care spending accounts, even deductions for teachers who buy school supplies for their classrooms, all gone. And why? To pay for tax breaks for billionaires and corporations. But, as has been pointed out, under this scam, corporations keep these de-ductions for their income. They keep the State and local tax deduction, but individuals don’t. How can Republicans claim this bill helps the average American when fami-lies are denied the deductions that cor-porations get to keep? If this bill is so blatantly harmful to working families, why are my Repub-lican colleagues so crazy about it? Does it create jobs or give the econ-omy a boost? No. As I said, we have tried that twice before with disastrous results. Kansas, Brownbackistan as they call it, after Governor Brownback tried that, with disastrous results, so that the Republican legislature had to increase taxes earlier this year, over the Governor’s veto, to start getting out from 4-day school weeks. Under this plan, Republicans would tax companies less when they produce goods overseas than when they produce them here in the U.S. It is a giant in-centive to large corporations to send jobs overseas. And if you ever doubted the Repub-licans were doing this at the bidding of corporate donors, well, just last week, Chairman B
RADY , of the Ways and Means Committee, tweaked an excise tax multinational corporations opposed and gave those corporations back $100 billion in revenue. No such change was made for working families. Now, we know—we know from experi-ence—that a few years from now the Republicans will use the $1.7 trillion deficit this scam creates to say: Oh, my God. Look at this massive deficit. We have to make terrible cuts to Social Security, to Medicare, to education, to infrastructure, not that we want to. We love Medicare. We love Social Security, but we have got to savage them in order to pay for these terrible deficits which we created. That is what they are building in now. That is what this tax bill is de-signed to produce. The Republicans are scamming America. They are offering a facade of lower taxes that most Americans will never see, in exchange for massive and permanent tax breaks for the wealthy and corporations, and guaranteed cuts down the road, in fact, some of them right away, to Social Security, Medi-care, Medicaid, education, infrastruc-ture. I do not accept that deal, and the American people shouldn’t have to ei-ther. We can find bipartisan common ground that allows us to support work-ing families, create jobs, and see every American pay their fair share. American corporations, huge cor-porations, have $2.4 trillion stashed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.091 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9245 November 14, 2017 
abroad, which they don’t pay taxes on until they bring it home. We don’t have to allow that. We can make them pay taxes on it right away, whether they bring the money home or not. Why should we encourage them to keep the money abroad, to create jobs abroad, by telling them they don’t pay taxes if the money is abroad? And the Republican bill just makes that worse. This Republican tax scam is not a fair plan. It is not a plan to in-crease the economy. It is not a plan for economic growth. It is not a plan for fairness to the middle class. Let me just say one other thing. A number of years ago, while we were told—I have seen ads—we were told by the Republican leaders that the eco-nomic growth from this bill will produce huge gains for the average family. Never mind the tax cut that the average family will or won’t get. Because of the economic growth from this tax plan, wages will go up, and the average person will get $1,500 or $1,800 or $2,000, depending who you are listen-ing to, in extra wages. Well, a number of years ago, we were told the same thing about a bank-ruptcy bill. This bankruptcy bill that the big banks pushed and all the Re-publicans pushed, we were told that if we passed this bill, the banks would save so much money from certain dead-beats that the average American would save $400 a year in lower interest rates. I offered an amendment to say: Fine, mandate that the interest rates be low-ered. And, of course, the Republicans voted that down. Well, we passed that bill. We passed that bill 12 years ago. Have you seen the interest rates go down? The inter-est rates are still sky high. The banks raked in the money, hand over foot. The lobbyists did very well. The Repub-licans collected the campaign contribu-tions. The American people did not benefit. Same thing here. There will be no in-crease in economic growth as a result of this bill. There will be no increase in benefits. There will simply be a huge sucking sound as the money is taken from the middle class and low-income people and given to the superrich. This bill is disgusting. It ought to be rejected. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for bringing us the view from New York. He is quite correct about what happened during the great crisis in 2008, 2009. The Amer-ican public, probably to the tune of about $1 trillion, bailed out Wall Street. And here we go again. Major support for the American corporations who are hiding trillions of dollars over-seas. Let me just give you one other exam-ple. There is a lot of talk around here from our Republican friends that some-how, if we reduce the corporate tax rate, we will see jobs being generated and some $4,000 a year of new money in the pockets of American workers. Really? You think so? Let me give you an example of one of America’s great corporations, AT&T. I think we all know AT&T. We probably have them on our smartphone. In the last decade, AT&T was capable, using various tax loopholes and deductions, to lower its effective corporate tax rate, not to 20 percent, but to 8 per-cent. So over that period of time, while they were reducing their effective tax rates, that is their real tax rate, from whatever it was to 8 percent during that decade, did they create new jobs? No. What they did was to lay off 80,000 workers. And at the same time, guess what? The CEO, he raked in $124 mil-lion. So what is going on here? The American corporations, back in the seventies and sixties, actually in-vested more than 50 percent, almost 60 percent, of their after-tax profits in ex-panding their business—investment in plants and equipment and wages and hiring people. Today, less than 10 percent is spent on expanding their businesses. Instead, they are pumping up their stock prices with buybacks and with dividends. So what is going down? Tell me that this is going to some-how create jobs. And, by the way, the gentleman didn’t quite pick this one up, so let me add to the weight of this terrible bill. They use what is called territorial tax system. Terrific. Corporations will not be taxed for their profits globally, but, rather, they will only be taxed for their profits within the United States, so it is even a further incentive to offshore your jobs to the lowest tax place in the world: Bahamas. Used to be Ireland, but the EU decided that Ireland was cheating the rest of the European countries; put a stop to that, so now they are off. Apple, a great California company, abandoned Ireland and is now, I think, located in the Jersey Islands off the coast of Great Britain. Scheme, scam, the American public is going to be the beneficiary? No. It is going to be the victim, is going to be the victim of this great transfer of wealth. The gentleman had one more point to make, and then I would like to go to my colleague, also from New York and what we still call the East-West Show. Mr. NADLER. I do have one more point to make, and the gentleman re-minded me of it. In 2004, when we had the repatriation, we told the big corporations they could bring all the offshore money home and pay only a fractional tax on it; they were going to create jobs and so forth. And what happened? They didn’t create jobs. They had buybacks. They en-riched their executives. They didn’t create jobs. The fundamental problem with this analysis is not that corporations don’t have enough money to invest, and, therefore, if you give them lower taxes they will have more money to invest; they have plenty of money to invest. They don’t see the investment opportu-nities, and that is a different problem. There is plenty of money to invest. They are rolling in cash. There is not a dearth of investment opportunity. There is not a dearth of investment cash. So if you give them more cash, they will pay their CEOs higher. They will put more money into stock buybacks. The shareholders may benefit, but they won’t hire more workers. The economy won’t benefit; and we will be taking money away from the middle class and lower-income people, and we will be taking money away from the govern-ments, local governments, that have to spend the money on schools, housing, health, roads and bridges, and so forth to build up this country. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the great State of New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative G
ARAMENDI for leading us in this Special Order. It is so impor-tant that the public understand what is happening here with this issue. b1815 The first response ought to be: Here we go again. Trickle-down has not worked in the past—the far past, the recent past. It is not going to work again. When does trickle-down become trickle-up? Well, to suggest that this is a tax re-form act is really pulling a trick on the public. This is about a tax cut, and a tax cut for corporations, a tax cut for the wealthiest amongst us. This trickle-down theory becomes trickle-up because you are taking and raising the taxes on some 36 million families, those that would be classified as middle class families, those who work day in and day out and don’t even earn a minimum wage, but they are working. The poorest amongst us, the lowest bracket, gets an increase in its rates. How is this fair? How is this eco-nomic or social justice? Both measurements prove that it is false. It is not economically sound. It is not socially just. What we are doing here is playing a game with the econ-omy, and we are putting the economy, the American economy, at great risk. We have seen major efforts made since January of 2009 to grow the econ-omy, and now we have this scam, this trickery, to go and do a trickle-up: take from the working families, deny their purchasing power, weaken their purchasing power, and give it to cor-porations, give it to the upper income strata in this country. That is a for-mula for disaster, and we are going to pay wickedly for this effort. We have always heard about deficit situations. When President Clinton was in office, when President Obama was in office, the Republicans would talk about a deficit situation. There seems 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.093 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9246 November 14, 2017 
to be no concern about deficit here, a deaf ear to the deficit. Borrowing to spend. Borrowing to spend. Borrowing $1.5 trillion, which probably amasses to $2.1 trillion to $2.3 trillion with the cost of borrowing, and using that borrowing to spend on the wealthiest amongst us, be they fami-lies, individuals, or corporations. How does that make economic sense? How does that help the economy? When we look at this situation, we are going to impact your average fam-ily in any of our districts, those who are working to maintain a household, to perhaps put aside some savings for improvements of that household or to assist their children in their pursuits of a career, be it apprenticeship pro-grams or college programs. We are going to hurt these families. Students will realize that their tui-tion deduction is eliminated—elimi-nated. Students will realize, former students, that their loan interest de-ductions will be eliminated. I heard a lot about this, Mr. Speaker, when I was home over the last two weekends. We have always deducted ex-orbitant medical expenses when we did our taxes. We prepared that for our ac-countant because we had exorbitant medical fees, medical expenditures, be they for families who are walking through life with Alzheimer’s or who are fighting cancer or who have chron-ic illnesses. They deserve to have that deduction. I am told, on average, it is $9,000. Seventy-three percent of people who make that deduction are earning less than $75,000. This is a brutal response to America’s working families. It is a harshness tossed against this economy that has finally started to churn over the last several years. Now we step up and want to wreck all of that. We have all sorts of efforts that deny various professions, teachers, for one, who will not be able to deduct for classroom expenses where they will, out of their own pocket, provide great-er resources for the children who are in their classes that they teach. They are facilitating this discovery, self-dis-covery, within children. They are digging into their pockets to make that experience all the more real, all the more magical, all the more impor-tant, and here we are going to deny teachers to deduct those expenses, but we won’t do that for the businesses that want to reach into their own pocket and spend. We look at this situation, and we un-derstand who gets a fair shake in this deal, in this scam, and it is regrettable. Now the talk of a Senate version bringing in the individual mandate? Dollars that are made available for families to realize healthcare coverage, and we are going to penalize them and use that to help pay for this borrowing? This is a disaster. America needs to see this with its eyes wide open and to call your indi-vidual Representatives and ask them to tell you how you are going to ben-efit from this package. Somebody today told me it is a once- in-a-lifetime opportunity for tax re-form—tax reform. Is there reform in this mess? There are the same old loop-holes. We grow more loopholes, and they are getting a tax break in addi-tion. What are we doing to our econ-omy here? This is a terrible bill. When it comes to the SALT deduc-tion, the State and local tax deduction, you will destroy States by requiring double taxation on the investments they make in their own programs in their State. That will severely impact upon people in my home State of New York. I think it is a disaster that this House, this majority, the entire major-ity, would allow this bill to come to the floor. Before you tell me how you are going to vote on this bill, tell me how you tried to stop it from coming to the floor because it hurts so many Ameri-cans. Thirty-six million families will be impacted. They will see a tax in-crease. That is not my word. It is not Representative G
ARAMENDI ’s word. It is coming from the Tax Policy Center. People are putting this one under the microscope, and they are detailing what is in here and what is not in here, and this is a scam. It is bringing down an economy. It is taking it in the wrong direction. It gives tax breaks to corporations that want to grow their prosperity offshore and making it more productive for them to take jobs over-seas. How can we tolerate this? No wonder they are trying to rush the bill now. Get it done in a day or two before America finds out what is in it. This is a tax disaster, not a tax reform. It is a tax cut for the wealthy at the expense of the working families and those who work below minimum wage in this country, people who make it their goal to be self-sufficient, and now this is how they are rewarded. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ). Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. G
ARAMENDI for bringing this Spe-cial Order. Mr. Speaker, I just want to tell you, in 7 minutes, I, along with the other members of the Rules Committee, will be meeting on what is described as an emergency meeting. That emergency is what you all have been describing. We were originally scheduled to meet at Rules tomorrow, and now, in an effort to jam this measure through, we are meeting in an emergency capacity. What the American public needs to know is the substance of what you two gentlemen and others have been talk-ing about, but please know this: every Member deserves the right to con-tribute to these bills when they affect all of our constituents and will lead to millions of Americans paying more in taxes. You all will handle the substance, but I thought that I would add that in with my thanks to Mr. G
ARAMENDI . It is just atrocious what is going on, and not just Democrats or Republicans, but many persons who sent their Rep-resentatives here are not going to have their Representatives be heard. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, re-claiming my time, as an esteemed member of the Rules Committee, there is an emergency meeting to push this bill to the floor without any public hearings. Is that correct? Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, no hearings whatsoever, and yet the Speaker stood up and said that we are following regular order. We are not following regular order at all. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, my recollection in the 1986 Reagan tax re-form, it took 2 years of public hearings all around the country and some 30 hearings in the House Ways and Means Committee, probably a similar number on the Senate side before the bill came to the floor. There were many, many amendments that were offered. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, in ad-dition to hearing from experts and from affected entities around the coun-try, now we are doing it in 2 weeks. Mr. Speaker, I have to go to the Rules Committee, but I thank you all for what you are doing. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate the work that the gentleman does there trying to protect the Amer-ican public from this hasty—Mr. HAS-
TINGS , thank you so very much. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I just would love to point out, I would en-courage middle class America to raise its voice. Raise your voices, because when we look at the repeal of the indi-vidual mandate that is being suggested here, you are going to rip away healthcare from some 13 million Amer-icans, and that alongside the 36 million families in this country that are going to see a tax increase. Before that hits home, stand up and speak out. And if you are not going to get a tax increase, if you might get crumbs off the table because, remem-ber, if you weren’t at the table, and this was done in veiled secrecy, if you are not at the table, you are probably on the menu. Here you are going to have these families, 36 million that will get a tax increase, but if you are going to get maybe a crumb off the table, that sun-sets, and the other benefits are going to go forever. This is a monumental change in a tax cut policy. It is not reform. It is tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations at the expense of working families. Finally, I would just make mention that there would be an immediate $25 billion cut in Medicare. The efforts that were made under the last adminis-tration to bring more stability to Medicare, to make certain that it had a longer life out there, are now going to be wiped away. That is a very impor-tant program to Americans, very im-portant program. We cannot afford to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.095 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9247 November 14, 2017 
have this go through in veiled secrecy on a rush in the next day or two with-out America knowing what is on the table. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, very, very much. There has been much discussion. We are going to be yielding this floor to our Republican colleagues, and I see them beginning to assemble, all of them who, just 3 weeks ago, were def-icit hawks. I am going to point this out, and I am going to leave it here for my col-leagues who will be talking about why we ought to increase the deficit. The current structural deficit is about $500 billion. We are going to add, just this year, $115 billion on top of that. You can see that. But over the next decade, that present structural deficit will grow to nearly $1 trillion a year, and we will add to it another cou-ple hundred billion dollars. The deficit hawks have a choice. They can live with the deficit, forget they ever were deficit hawks and just increase the deficit with this 1 percent tax bill, H.R. 1, or they could do what I call the Texas two-step. Keep in mind, the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee is a Texan. The Texas two-step is first you seri-ously cut the revenues with this tax bill that is not a reform but, rather, a bill that actually 50 percent of the $1.5 trillion reduction goes to the American corporations and the top 1 percent. Forget about the deficit or do the Texas two-step: cut the revenues and then cut the programs. What are the programs? You mentioned Medicare. Already in the budget that passed this House with Mr. R
YANas Speaker was a $500 billion reduction to Medicare and a $700 billion or $800 billion reduction to Medicaid, 60 percent of which goes to the elderly in nursing homes. That is what they have in mind. b1830 Secondly, they are going to talk about a trillion-dollar infrastructure. No way. The money is gone. There will be no infrastructure program, no roads, no trains, no buses, no levees, no re-pair. Mr. TONKO. Mr. G
ARAMENDI , I would point out, in addition to tinkering with the public utility bonds out there, that public utility financing that will be devastated by this bill, adds to the fur-ther woes for building our investments and infrastructure of all kinds. Mr. GARAMENDI. Exactly, and you might add education to that. So what do you do? Student loans of which $1.4 trillion and nearly a trillion of that is owned by the Federal Government, these students are paying interest to the Federal Government; and to add to that, we are going to deny them the ability to deduct the loan interest that they are paying. This is really just hypocritical, and it is very harmful to the economy. We want to do job training. Forget it. The money is gone. The Texas Two Step will deny us the money that we need for education, reduce the revenues, and then cut the programs to attempt to bring back under control the deficit. It did not work. It will not work. And what it means is, the American econ-omy that is recovering is going to be given a wallop on the side of its head, and we are going to see some real seri-ous problems as we attempt to build the foundation for future economic growth. The money will not be there. Mr. Speaker, I suspect that that emergency meeting of the Rules Com-mittee is to specifically deal with the problem that was announced by the Congressional Budget Office just 3 hours ago that said this tax bill will, because of the sequestration law—it is a law—will create an automatic $25 bil-lion reduction in Medicare imme-diately and another $111 billion reduc-tion in programs, not to be determined by the Representatives of the people of the United States but, rather, by Mick Mulvaney, the head of the Office of Management and Budget, who is known to be really weird in his budgeting pro-posal. He will make a $111 billion reduction all on his own, if this tax bill passes as it is written today. This is serious business, Americans. This is about your future. This is about your ability to have a decent job in America, a decent infrastructure, a de-cent education system, and medical services. What about the children’s health pro-gram which is not yet in place? It is unbelievable that, without one public hearing, the Republicans are deter-mined to pass a $1.5 trillion tax cut of which 50 percent of the benefit goes to the top 1 percent, and America’s cor-porations are given yet another reason to offshore their jobs with what is called territorial pricing. This is where we are, folks. Wrap it up, if you will. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I would just say: Let’s do this with our eyes wide open. Trickle-down isn’t going to happen. Tax reform, this is not tax re-form. Certainly, tax cuts where you aid the upper-income strata and corpora-tions at the expense of an increase of taxes to the middle class is what this is about. It is pathetic. It is devastating. It is disastrous, and it ought to be de-nied. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is exactly right. Finally, as we turn this floor over to our Repub-lican colleagues, I am really interested in hearing why—and I see one of our colleagues from my area—why in the Central Valley of California where any-where from 110,000 to 150,000 families who pay taxes are going to lose their State and local tax deduction? They will lose somewhere between $7,000 and $12,000 of deductions. That amounts to an increase in taxes anywhere from $1,500 to $2,000. I want to hear them explain why that is good tax policy. We will see what they have to say. They will be on the floor in a few moments. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ). The Chair would re-mind Members to direct all remarks to the Chair, and to formally yield and re-claim time when under recognition. 
f 
CELEBRATING NATIONAL BIBLE WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor for me to come to the House floor tonight to celebrate Na-tional Bible Week. This is an opportunity, for the next hour, to celebrate the tremendous in-fluence of the Bible on the freedoms we enjoy today in America. We are truly blessed to live in a nation where we are free to worship and read the Holy Scriptures without fear of persecution. There are many places throughout the world, unfortunately, where such freedoms do not exist. Americans have the right, under our wonderful system of government, to respect and study the Bible, or any other system of be-lief, if they so choose, or even no belief at all. That is the beauty of the Amer-ican way, and I believe it is founded and goes back to the Bible. In 1941, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt declared the week of Thanksgiving to be National Bible Week. Every U.S. President since has followed this tradition by declaring this time of year to be National Bible Week. The National Bible Association and the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops have designated the specific days of November 12 through 18 of this year as National Bible Week. This is the week set aside to recog-nize the Bible as a foundational build-ing block of Western civilization, the Judeo-Christian heritage, and the leg-acy that motivated and shaped the founding of the United States. In this hour, we will hear from Members of Congress from various faith traditions and denominations speak about what the Bible means to them and what it means to the country. We are here, in keeping with tradition, to recognize National Bible Week. Mr. Speaker, I am just going to speak for a couple of moments about my own personal experience and then turn it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.096 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9248 November 14, 2017 
over to some Members who want to share some thoughts that I think bear worth listening to. When I was a freshman at the Univer-sity of Kansas four decades ago, some-one asked me if I knew what the Bible was about. I said, yes, I knew what it was all about. But I realized that my answer was actually pretty presump-tuous because I had never actually read any of it. Mr. Speaker, I wonder if this might be true for others who might be listen-ing tonight. The only honest thing I could do at that point was to read the Bible for myself. I started by reading the Gospel of John in the New Testa-ment. When I read it, I discovered that I hadn’t known at all what the Bible was about. In that Gospel, Jesus says: ‘‘I am the way, the truth and the life; no one comes to the Father but through me.’’ And I ended up discovering a personal relationship with Jesus Christ who be-came my Lord and Savior. Mr. Speaker, this is what I know from personal experience. It is better to read the Bible for one’s self and not just to take someone else’s word for what is in it. For me, it made all of the difference in the world. My life has been totally different since then as a result. As King David says in the Psalms: ‘‘The unfolding of Your words gives light; it gives understanding to the simple.’’ As we celebrate National Bible Week, we remember the importance of faith in both our private and public lives. We recognize the Bible’s powerful message of hope. We cherish the wisdom of the Bible, and we thank God for providing this Holy Book that has truly been, in the words of the Scripture, ‘‘a lamp unto our feet and a light unto our path.’’ Mr. Speaker, at this point, I yield to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ). Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I have a riddle for everyone. What is the most dan-gerous book ever published? What is the most powerful book ever written? What is the most cited book by Presi-dents and our Nation’s Founders? What is the most prized possession that I own? The Bible. It is a controversial book. Many peo-ple have it on their shelf at home, or it gathers dust on some end table, and people think it is a pretty innocuous book. But more people have lost their lives over this book than any other book ever written. Many rulers have ordered the gath-ering and burning of all Bibles in the country, and, even today, in countries like North Korea, possession of a Bible results in death or sentence to a labor camp. Why? Well, because it is more than a historic book, although it is; and it is more than a collection of wise advice and spellbounding stories, which it is. It has the audacity to claim something radical and all-inspiring at the same time. It claims to be the Word of God. Now, as a result, it changes lives. The Bible reveals a plan. It starts right out with these words: ‘‘In the begin-ning, God made. . . .’’ That changes ev-erything. That sets the stage saying that we are not here by chance, that there is a loving God who has a design, and we are a part of it. It makes a dif-ference if we have a plan. It reveals that plan. It also gives us a purpose. Part of the Psalms in 139 says, we are ‘‘fearfully and wonderfully made’’ by a loving God. We are not here by chance. And it goes on and says, and this is God speaking: ‘‘For I know the plans I have for you, says the Lord, plans for good and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope.’’ That is exciting. The Bible also gives us power. It gives us power to overcome evil, hard-ship, and trials of life by revealing how God sent his son, Jesus, to introduce us to God and make a way for us to have a personal relationship with the living God who made us and loves us. It is in-credible. The Bible also gives us peace and hope as a result, not just for today, but for the future. I start each day reading from my Bible, and I am so thankful for it. It has made a difference in my life. I want to invite anyone who has never read it to read it and to discover God’s plan and purpose for your life which will give you power and peace. So let this most radical book ever writ-ten touch and bless your life. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Missouri for her wise words and thought-provoking words. I yield to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM). Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 76th celebration of National Bible Week. As I reflected on what I would share with everyone tonight, I couldn’t get away from my background and my family heritage of being raised by Christian parents, who were raised by Christian grandparents, who worked hard and believed that the instruction book for life was the Word of God. Bryon and I have chosen to raise our children in much that same way. In fact, when I was telling my family—we have a group text that we text in all the time with my kids, my husband and I. I was telling them that it was National Bible Week. I said to them: Do you kids remember what the Junior Bible Quiz answer is? For the very first question in the Junior Bible Quiz book is: What is the Bible? And my middle daughter, Kennedy, who is 20 years old, immediately texted back, and she said: The Bible is the in-spired Word of God and is His revela-tion to all people of Himself and His plan for salvation. I said: Good job, Kenners. You see, because we—my grand-parents grew up going to church and became very frustrated that it was reli-gious; that it wasn’t a personal rela-tionship with the Lord. In fact, so much so, that they decided that they would plant their own church. It is the church that I go to today, that our en-tire family goes to today. But for a year, they held Bible studies in homes seeking God’s will for their lives and what it meant to have a personal rela-tionship with Him and to spread it to their community. They were very poor, but they knew that everything in their life, their suc-cess, and their family’s hope and future relied on the Lord’s will and them being obedient to it. Mr. Speaker, I grew up as a young girl coming downstairs in the middle of the night for a drink of water to find my dad on his knees reading his Bible in the middle of the living room. He had a bad back. He worked hard. He was always in pain, and whenever he had a difficult time on the farm or couldn’t sleep because of the pain that was in his body, the first thing he would do would be to read his Bible. Oftentimes, we didn’t realize how much time he really did spend worship-ping God, and reading His words to find comfort and release through some of the difficult times that he had gone through. I remember being 13 years old and being very insecure. In fact, my mom said she worried about me. She won-dered if I was going to be a young girl who would grow up proud. I didn’t have many friends. I didn’t think I was at-tractive. I didn’t think I had any gifts. She sat me down at the kitchen table, and she read to me Scriptures out of the Bible that told me how God saw me; that God saw me above and not be-neath; that He saw me as someone who had plans for me from the time I was in the womb. And you know what? I bought it. I completely changed my at-titude and my perspective of myself that day because of God’s Word that was spoken over me by my mother. So we as a family, from the time I was little, went to church Sunday mornings. We went Sunday nights. We went Wednesday evenings. b1845 We knew that if the doors were open on church, we were to be there, and we were to be meditating on God’s Words in our lives. That is how Bryon and I have chosen to raise our kids as well. We put them in Junior Bible Quiz be-cause we wanted God’s Word hidden in their heart. I am thankful that today they still have God’s Word hidden in their heart. Mr. Speaker, Jesus tells us in Mat-thew 7: ‘‘Anyone who listens to My teaching and follows it is wise, like a person who builds a house on solid rock. Though the rain comes in tor-rents and the floodwaters rise and the winds beat against that house, it won’t collapse because it was built on bed-rock.’’ How often does it feel like we are stuck in that storm, as though the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.098 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9249 November 14, 2017 
floodwaters are rising around us and around people of faith, as though the winds are beating on our door? It is during these times that we must lean on our foundation, the Bible, our instruction book. It is in that Bible that God reveals how He would like to use us as instru-ments of faith and as defenders of free-dom that show Christ’s love and com-passion to our community, Nation, and world. Allowing Him to guide us through His Word is the surest way to navigate any storm. But so many times, people try to navigate our policy debates in this Chamber by fighting to change one an-other’s minds. Mr. Speaker, I am con-vinced what we ought to be doing is seeking God to change their hearts, gearing their hearts toward Him. I rec-ognize that that takes trust, and it takes faith, but that is what we are di-rected to do. It is written in Proverbs: ‘‘Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding. In all your ways acknowledge Him, and He will make your paths straight.’’ Mr. Speaker, I pray that we are being servants for God’s good, that we allow Him to light our path, and that we humble ourselves enough to build our house on His firm Biblical foundation. In this way, whatever we do, we do it to the glory of God. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her heartfelt re-marks. Many of the early American settlers came to the New World with the ex-press purpose of following the Bible ac-cording to the convictions of their own consciences. One of the first acts of Congress during the tumultuous begin-ning of our Nation was the authoriza-tion of an American-published Bible. The war with the British had cut off the supply of any Bibles from England. Our Founding Fathers understood how important it was for the American people to have Bibles, so, in 1782, Con-gress reviewed, approved, and author-ized the first known English language Bible to be printed in America. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to my friend and colleague, Congressman D
OUGLAM-
BORN , for organizing this Special Order series in recognition of the 76th anni-versary of National Bible Week. I am delighted to stand with these other Members today to share our per-spectives on why the Bible is so impor-tant to us and to our country. As we approach the Thanksgiving holiday, there is really no better time to present these reflections. I wanted to share the preface to a historic text that I have in my collec-tion. What I am holding here is a copy of the New Testament Bible study course that was approved by and pub-lished for the public schools of Dallas, Texas, by its board of education in Sep-tember of 1946. The preface was written by Henry Van Dyke, and it is a wonder-ful summary of what the Bible means to us and to the world. Mr. Speaker, let me read to you what it says here in the text: Born in the East and clothed in that form and imagery, the Bible walks the ways of the world with familiar feet and enters land after land to find its own everywhere. It has learned to speak in hundreds of languages to the hearts of men. It comes into the palace to tell the monarch that he is a servant of the Most High and into the cottage to assure the peasant that He is a son of God. Children listen to its stories with wonder and delight, and wise men ponder them as parables of life. It has a word of peace for the time of peril, a word of comfort for the time of calamity, a word of light for the hour of darkness. Its oracles are repeated in the assembly of the people, and its counsels whispered in the ear of the lonely. The wicked and the proud tremble at its warnings, but to the wounded and the penitent, it has a mother’s voice. The wilderness and the solitary place have been made glad by it, and the fire on the hearth has lit the reading of its well-worn pages. It has woven itself into our dearest dreams so that love, friendship, sympathy, devotion, memory, and hope put on the beau-tiful garments of its treasured speech, breathing of frankincense and myrrh. No man is poor or desolate who has this treasure for his own. When the landscape darkens and the trembling pilgrim comes to the valley named of the shadow, he is not afraid to enter. He takes the rod and the staff of Scripture in his hand. He says to friend and comrade: Good-Bye; we shall meet again. And comforted by that support, he goes to-ward the lonely pass as one who walks through the darkness into light. 
Mr. Speaker, I love those words. I also love the words that are inscribed above the Speaker, where it says in the marble: In God We Trust. There is a reason for that. Our Founders understood that this is our foundation. George Washington, the fa-ther of our country, famously said in his Farewell Address: ‘‘Of all the dis-positions and habits which lead to po-litical prosperity, religion and moral-ity are indispensable supports.’’ Adams was our second President. He comes next. He said: ‘‘Our Constitution is made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate for the government of any other.’’ We have to remember these truths. I close with the words of ‘‘The Gipper.’’ Ronald Reagan said it more recently: ‘‘If we ever forget that we are one na-tion under God, we will be a nation gone under.’’ I am so grateful for National Bible Week. I am so grateful to my friends and colleagues here for our recognition of this great truth, what it means to our country, and what it means to each of us. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana for his wonderful thoughts. He quoted some of the Presidents in our great country’s history. I have two more quotes along with that same line. The gentleman mentioned Ronald Reagan, ‘‘The Gipper.’’ In his own Na-tional Bible Week declaration, he wrote when he was in office: ‘‘When I took the oath of office, I requested the Bible be open to 2 Chronicles 7:14, which reads: ‘If My people, which are called by My name shall humble them-selves, pray, seek My face, and turn from wicked ways, then I will hear from Heaven and forgive their sin and heal their land.’’’ The President said: ‘‘This passage ex-presses my hope for the future of this Nation and the world.’’ One last quote along this line. Presi-dent Abraham Lincoln once said: ‘‘I have but to say it is the best gift God has given to man. All the good the sav-ior gave to the world was commu-nicated through this book. But for it we could not know right from wrong. All things most desirable for man’s welfare, here and hereafter, are found portrayed in it.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ), who is my good friend. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and colleague from Col-orado for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate so much to-night the opportunity to speak here during Special Orders. We could talk about the principles of charity from the Scriptures. We could talk from the Scriptures on principles of science. We could talk on principles of education. We could even talk about the prin-ciples of taxation and be very up to date as we deal with that here. But tonight, as we discuss the issues of the Bible in this National Bible Week, I want to go back to my earliest days in my childhood home. I thank God that I had a mother and a father who would speak to me about God’s Word, from God’s Word, and impart God’s Word in my life even when I didn’t want it or didn’t understand it. I remember from my earliest days being taught to memorize Psalm 119:11, where it says: ‘‘Thy Word I have treas-ured in my heart. That I might not sin against Thee.’’ As a young man, the thoughts of sin in some cases were enticing, but I am glad that I had the opportunity to put the Scriptures in my life because ulti-mately, through the course of time, it truly did change my life. It brought me to the Book of Ro-mans, where in Romans, the third chapter verse 23 said: ‘‘For all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God.’’ With that verse in the Psalm, my mother would say: Tim, this book will keep you from sin, or sin will keep you from this book. I found the truth in both of those statements. What I found there in Ro-mans 3:23, that we have all sinned, I identified with that. But it didn’t end there because I went over a few pages to Romans 5:8, where it said: ‘‘But God demonstrated His own love toward us, in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.’’ Those are words of Scripture. The Bible impacted my life. As a young man, ultimately, I had to ask: Is that true? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.100 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9250 November 14, 2017 
I am so thankful that ultimately I admitted the truth, and I came to Ro-mans again, chapter 10:13, where it says: ‘‘For whosoever will call on the name of the Lord will be saved.’’ My good friend from Colorado indi-cated how that changed his life. It changed my life as well, admitting per-sonally that I was a sinner in need of a savior. The Bible said so. It changed my life. Now, some might reject this. That is okay. But most who seek the truth of the Bible are not disappointed. It truly changes lives. Admittedly, I am not perfect—and my colleagues could iden-tify with that—but I am forgiven. I am forgiven, and every day I have a pur-pose beyond myself to live in a way that makes a difference because of not who I am, but who this book and my savior has made me be. So I will end with this, Mr. Speaker, in my namesake, 2 Timothy 2:15, it says to me specifically: Study to show thyself approved unto God, a workman that doesn’t need to be ashamed, accu-rately handling the word of truth. At the end of each day, Mr. Speaker, because of this passage, I ask, first of all: Is God pleased? Secondly, has the work been done well? Thirdly, has the word—the truth— been used well in my life? If I can answer in the affirmative to each of those based upon the Bible, I know for whatever reason my God has been served well, and I have done the work well. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for leading this Special Order tonight talking about something so significant as the Bible, and I pray that it imparts wisdom to all we do here. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for those profound and heartfelt words that he has just shared with us. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ). Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the gentleman holding this hour tonight. In September of this year, we cele-brated the 230th birthday of our Con-stitution, a document that has pro-vided for the governance of this great people for 230 years. The history behind that was that the States in 1787 decided that the Articles of Confederation were not properly forming a nation that could protect itself properly. So they sent really smart men to Philadelphia to fine- tune—or tweak—the Articles of Con-federation. James Madison and others had a dif-ferent idea. They locked the doors, they went into closed session, and they came forth with a Constitution that we have lived under for the next 230 years. Benjamin Franklin, who was the old-est Framer, emerged from that experi-ence and was asked by a woman, whom we think was named Mrs. Powell. She said: Good Doctor, what have you given us, a monarchy or a republic? He looked her in the eye and said: ‘‘Madam, a republic, if you can keep it.’’ That is a daunting phrase, Mr. Speaker, and it is one that carries for-ward now for 230 years. It never ends. It is not a one-and-done circumstance. So the question arises: How, in fact, do we keep a republic? Mr. Speaker, only a free, self-gov-erning people can keep a republic. As was previously quoted by my colleague from Louisiana, John Adams wrote that only a moral and religious people can self-govern. Mr. Speaker, as I look at our Nation today, I am deeply concerned that we are losing that moral high ground to be able to maintain the moral authority, in fact, to self-govern. We each say the Pledge of Allegiance often. There is a line in that pledge that says, ‘‘One na-tion under God,’’ with no comma. Mr. Speaker, think about that jux-taposition, ‘‘One nation under God.’’ What does God see when He sees our Nation today? What does He see in America that can, in fact, please Him? He sees a nation that has come to ac-cept the killing of 57 million babies in the last 44 years. He has seen a nation whose family units are breaking up and the impact it has on the moral guid-ance of children. He has seen a coars-ening of our society, a language that is unsuitable, a filthiness and common-ness that, quite frankly, offends Him at every level. Mr. Speaker, you and others listen-ing to me tonight, I think, have their own list of things that God looks at and cannot and simply will not bless. How do we turn that around? How do we reclaim that moral high ground? I am going to argue, Mr. Speaker, that that is an individual job. I don’t think any of us would argue that we can legislate this work, because this is a work of each of our hearts. Mr. Speaker, I think you reclaim this moral high ground by living a moral code. I live the Judeo-Christian model. Jesus Christ is my personal savior. I try to live his tenets every single day. Some days I am better at it than oth-ers. Each of those days, I am simply a sinner saved by grace. That grace of God has provided the story of that, and how that works is provided for us in the Bible that we celebrate tonight. Mr. Speaker, each one of us has to live a code that, in fact, can create moral and religious people. Each of us in this body take an oath every 2 years—those of us who are fortunate to get reelected—to defend and protect the Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic. We have got good men and women in uniform tonight who are putting their lives between us and some really bad guys as a result of that oath of office. I’m going to ask each of my col-leagues here tonight to think about what they are willing to put on the line to protect and defend the Constitution, to help create that moral fiber, and to reclaim that moral high ground that will, in fact, allow us to continue self- governance and, by extension, protect this Republic. That used to be the easy thing to do, Mr. Speaker, but the voices against us, the voices of intolerance are growing louder and louder every single day. It will come at a risk to stand up for those Biblical truths on which this country was founded and which have sustained her for some 230 years. b1900 Are you and I, in fact, willing to take those risks, take the risk of being os-tracized, being ridiculed, being made fun of because we stand up for the truths that all of us know built and sustained this country? I certainly hope we are because we have got young men and women in uni-form who put their lives on the line, and I am going to ask you to put your reputation and mine on the line to help create and maintain this Republic. As Benjamin Franklin said: ‘‘A Re-public, if you can keep it.’’ These are strong words for a strong-hearted peo-ple who must reclaim the moral high ground that God, in fact, continues to bless. Mr. Speaker, I ask that God bless each one of us, that God continue to bless Texas, and that God bless the great United States of America. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for his words and for focusing our attention on the U.S. Constitution and some other great things, as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES). He won a spe-cial election and is one of our most re-cently elected and newest Members of Congress. I look forward to seeing him doing good things here for a long time to come. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from Colo-rado holding this Special Order hour tonight. Serving my fellow Kansans for a lit-tle over the last 6 months has been a very humbling experience. I can’t help but walk onto the House floor and feel the weight of history in this hall. I am often reminded of Jesus’ words in Mark chapter 9: ‘‘Anyone who wants to be first must be the very last, and the servant of all.’’ This verse touches on why each of us should be here not for our own gain, but in service to oth-ers. Throughout our country tonight, people are in Bible study classes. We are all attempting to seek how we humble ourselves before the Lord. When I consider our Founding Fa-thers’ vision for this Republic, I think they set in motion with a servant’s heart. The Founders made clear that religious liberty was to be cherished, and so they enshrined it in our Con-stitution. From the time of the Puri-tans crossing the Atlantic in search of freedom to practice their faith to today, millions of Americans have taken the Bible as the cornerstone of their faith. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.101 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9251 November 14, 2017 
Our President’s have chosen to take the oath of office on their Bibles. Presi-dent Lincoln chose his Bible to be open to Matthew 7:1, ‘‘Judge not, that ye be not judged.’’ President Reagan chose to have his Bible open to II Chronicles 7:14, ‘‘If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face. . . . ’’ With the Bible as our guiding com-pass, these leaders chose to serve their fellow Americans with humility and strength. As we honor National Bible Week, I hope that individuals across this coun-try, regardless of their faith back-ground, will take a moment to reflect on the gift of religious liberty and their role to serve others around them. The future of our great Nation rests in the servant hearts of her people. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I am going to mention something about ful-filled prophesy. This is one of the rea-sons why we can believe in and trust the Bible. People come here to Congress with all different kinds of backgrounds, in-cluding pastors. This diversity of back-ground adds a valuable thread of expe-rience and thought that helps us all. One reason many people respect the Bible is that so many prophesies for telling future events have come true exactly as foretold. In the Old Testa-ment, there are many predictions that were given to prove that, if a speaker were divinely inspired, those things that he predicted would come true; it would validate the words of that proph-et. The Book of Daniel, for instance, contains scores of detailed prophesies that were literally fulfilled. Skeptics have fallen back to the position that Daniel must have been written after the fact and is, therefore, not being honest. In fact, the Book of Daniel is found in its entirety in the Greek’s Septuagint and partially in the Dead Sea Scrolls, both of which we know predated the events that were proph-esied. That means that the critics of the dating of the Book of Daniel are the ones who are not being honest. The rise and fall of empires, the cap-ture and destruction of cities, the des-tiny of kings all were prophesied in minute detail. Archeology and history have literally confirmed hundreds of such prophesies as having come true. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Colorado (Mr. L
AM-
BORN ) for leading this Special Order to-night on National Bible Week. Last night, several of us had the privilege to attend a preview of the na-tional Museum of the Bible. It was very impressive. I would urge everybody watching tonight and who hears about it to tour it when you get the chance here in Washington, D.C. One of the things that struck me very early on in that tour was a banner hanging inside the museum that says: ‘‘The law of the Lord is perfect, re-freshing to the soul. The decree of the Lord is trustworthy, giving wisdom to the simple’’—Psalm 19:8. That also applies to the Bible itself, the inherent and infallible Word of God. Jesus himself used Scripture that was written before him. Jesus never be-littled the Scripture, as some modern critics do, or set it aside, nor did he criticize it; although he criticized those who misused it or contradicted it, although he rejected many interpre-tations of it. When we hear the Son of God’s quotes to Scriptures, we need no fur-ther testimony. He believed every word of Scripture. All the prophesies con-cerning Himself were fulfilled, as my colleague, Mr. LAMBORN , said. Time and time and time again, the timelines prove the Word of God’s prophesy. Matthew 19:4 and 19:5 were one of those that Jesus spoke of, docu-mented in the New Testament, ac-counts by those over there with Jesus at the time. We know Moses wrote the Penta-teuch, Jonah wrote Jonah, Daniel wrote Daniel. Jesus attests to that. He believed the Old Testament was spoken by God, Himself, written by the Holy Spirit’s inspiration, even though the pen was held by men. That is an impor-tant point for those who ask: How can the Bible be real, since it was written down by men? The committed task of all writing of the Word of God, though they were fal-lible men, were guided by the infallible Holy Spirit. That is a faith we have and hold. It does take some faith, yes, just as it takes faith for me to get on that air-liner and fly back East each week. But the faith in the Bible is much stronger. It has never been proven wrong. All the prophesies that were made that have occurred already have been proven true. The Founders thought it was a key element in the founding of this Nation, obviously. Right in this room, behind the Speaker’s dais, is the inscription: ‘‘In God We Trust.’’ Facing me right now is the only forward-facing image in here of Moses looking over this House of Representatives. Lastly, I would leave with this. As you watch the machinations of the Members of Congress, I think one of the most important guidelines we would have I find in Proverbs 4:25 through 4:27: we uphold the honor not only of this institution and our fami-lies, but those who walk with God, that walk with Jesus. In Proverbs, you see: ‘‘Let your eyes look straight ahead. Fix your gaze di-rectly before you. Keep straight the passage for your feet and be steadfast in all your ways. Do not turn to the right or the left. Keep your feet from evil.’’ That is what the Bible inspires. As I read it on the plane coming back and forth and read it at home or at my bed-side, this is what true faith is all about, proven time and time again. I urge everybody not just to have the Bible at your home. The statistics are that every home has 2.2 Bibles, on av-erage. It isn’t that there aren’t enough Bibles. It is that people don’t open it often enough. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) for his sincere words. When National Bible Week was start-ed in 1941, even though that has only been 76 years, the Bible itself has been celebrated by Americans since the be-ginning of our country—in fact, before we were a country. Our Presidents have been very vocal in their acknowledgment of the Bible and the DNA of who we are as Ameri-cans. Several have been quoted. Listen to what Civil War hero Ulys-ses Grant gave as advice to Sunday school children: ‘‘Hold fast to the Bible as the sheet anchor of your liberties; write its precepts on your hearts and practice them in your lives. To the in-fluence of this book we are indebted for the progress made in true civilization, and to this we must look as our guide in the future.’’ Then he finished with this quote from the Bible: ‘‘Righteousness exalteth a nation, but sin is a reproach to any people.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise with great privilege to celebrate National Bible Week. As stated, it has been 76 years since President Franklin Roosevelt declared this National Bible Week. I thank Con-gressman L
AMBORN for recognizing the importance of honoring God’s Word here tonight. Just 16 short years ago, I learned the most valuable lesson of my life. I real-ized I had to change my priorities. Part of that change was to put God first. A big part of that commitment was the reading and studying of His Word through prayer and meditation. It is easy to say, but difficult to do. I had come to a point in my life where I made a covenant with God on my knees, which reminds me of God’s instruction to Joshua 1:8, ‘‘This book of laws shall not depart from your lips, but you shall meditate on it day and night so that you may be careful to do according to all that is written in it; for then, you will make your way pros-perous, and then you will have true success.’’ I learned to gradually believe all the wonderful promises God made through His Word, and he credited to me His righteousness, just as He did our spir-itual father Abraham in Genesis 15:6, ‘‘I learned it was not my will be done, but His will be done.’’ I learned what Jesus Christ had done for me and the entire world and how he leads me in all my endeavors and has called me to places I never imagined I would go. One of those is right here. Years ago, I could never have imag-ined myself here tonight, speaking on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.103 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9252 November 14, 2017 
this floor in the United States House of Representatives, representing the great people of Georgia’s 12th District. But here I am, by the grace of God. In this endeavor, I meditate often, and as said in Philippians 2: ‘‘Do noth-ing out of selfish ambition or vain con-ceit, but in humility consider others more important than yourself. Each of you should look not only to your own interests, but look to the interests of others.’’ At a time when many Americans are increasingly divided, I often remind myself and those around me to have faith in Him and to remember the Judeo-Christian values our Nation was founded on. The Bible’s influence on or founding documents can still be seen here today and was mentioned tonight. Again, when the Constitutional Convention reached an impasse, Ben Franklin asked clergymen to come in and pray and read the Scriptures. They united around the greatest constitutional doc-ument created in the history of man-kind. Americans are looking to Congress to come together to find solutions for ris-ing healthcare costs, a simpler, fairer Tax Code, and let’s get our good folks back to work again. It is time to put the American people’s interests above political will. The division in this Nation is real. They are evident right here in this body. How could our behavior ever show the world to believe that God sent His Son to save the world? This is when we should look to God’s provision. The truth can always be found through faith in him. Jesus summed it up when he prayed for us in John 17:21: ‘‘That all of them may be one, Father, just as You are in me and I am in You. May they also be in us so that the world may believe that You sent me.’’ My inspiration is found in Psalms 51:10–12, David’s Prayer: ‘‘Create in me a pure heart, O God, and renew a stead-fast spirit within me. Do not cast me from your presence or take your Holy Spirit from me. Restore to me the joy of Your salvation and grant me a will-ing spirit to sustain me.’’ As we enter the Christmas season, one of the most important seasons of the year, we all must remember to keep His Word close and let it lead us in all that we do. I am grateful that we have a Presi-dent who actually wishes a merry Christmas as we all celebrate the birth of the Savior of the world. God bless. b1915 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for being here tonight and for those thought-pro-voking and very well-intended words. As our next speaker comes to the po-dium, let me mention the issue of ar-chaeology. Archaeology is one of the reasons why we can have trust in that what the Bible says is true. There are many archaeological discoveries which have validated Biblical accounts, giv-ing trustworthiness to the Bible that we acknowledge and commemorate during this National Bible Week. Time and time again, archaeology has shown that Biblical personalities, locations, and events actually existed in time and space. Claims by critics that a Biblical statement was simply made up have been debunked by later archaeological studies more times than we can say. Jewish archaeologist Nelson Glueck has said: ‘‘It may be stated categori-cally that no archaeological discovery has ever controverted or contradicted a Biblical reference.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I greatly appreciate my colleague from Colorado for leading this Special Order on the Bible, its importance to each of us, and its influence on our constitutional Re-public. Our Founding Fathers understood that Biblical values were the basis for our Republic and that this country would be slowly destroyed if the peo-ple’s knowledge and adherence to those values were ever lost. In reference to this danger, John Adams wrote: ‘‘Democracy will soon degenerate into an anarchy, such an anarchy that every man will do what is right in his own eyes, and no man’s life or property or reputation or liberty will be secure, and every one of these would soon mold itself into a system of subordination of all the moral virtues and intellectual abilities, all the pow-ers of wealth, beauty, wit, and science, to the wanton pleasures, the capricious will, and abominable cruelty of one or a very few.’’ In a simpler language, that means ‘‘tyranny.’’ When Alexis de Tocqueville visited the United States early in the 19th cen-tury, he wrote in ‘‘Democracy in Amer-ica’’ that our Nation’s ‘‘religious at-mosphere was the first thing that struck me on arrival in the United States.’’ He believed that adherence to the virtuous standards was indispen-sable for the preservation of liberty. Mr. Speaker, he was correct in this assessment. This brings me to one of my own favorite passages in the Bible: the Apostle Paul writing to Timothy, in 2 Timothy 3:16 through 2 Timothy 4:5. And I might add that I find this passage to be more and more relevant to our times with each and every pass-ing day. It reads: ‘‘All Scripture is inspired by God and profitable for teaching, for re-buke, for correction, for training in righteousness; so that the man of God may be adequate, equipped for every good work. ‘‘I solemnly charge you in the pres-ence of God and of Christ Jesus, who is to judge the living and the dead, and by His appearing and His kingdom: preach the Word, be ready in season and out of season, reprove, rebuke, exhort, with great patience and instruction. ‘‘For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but wanting to have their ears tickled, they will accumulate for themselves teachers in accordance to their own de-sires and will turn away their ears and will turn aside to myths. ‘‘But you, be sober in all things, en-dure hardship, do the work of the evan-gelist, and fulfill your ministry.’’ Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for those words. It is great that we have been hearing today from Representatives from all over the United States: from North Carolina on the Atlantic Coast in Georgia to Cali-fornia on the Pacific Coast, from Michigan on our Northern border to Texas on our Southern border. And we have been hearing America speak to-night, so I think that is very special. Now, there are some who would pre-fer to gloss over the vital role that the Bible has had in the founding of our Nation and the implementation of this unique form of government, but none of our Founding Fathers were perfect. Indeed, there are times in our Nation’s history when Biblical principles were not acted upon. Yet, listen to what President Harry Truman said during his address to the Attorney General’s conference on law enforcement problems: ‘‘The funda-mental basis of this Nation’s law was given to Moses on the Mount. The fun-damental basis of our Bill of Rights comes from the teachings which we get from Exodus and St. Matthew, from Isaiah and St. Paul. I don’t think we emphasize that enough these days. ‘‘If we don’t have the proper funda-mental moral background, we will fi-nally end up with a totalitarian gov-ernment, which does not believe in rights for anybody except the State.’’ Mr. Speaker, it has been an honor, and it has been a pleasure to com-memorate National Bible Week this evening. As I said a moment ago, we heard from colleagues from all over the United States. I am grateful to these colleagues who have joined me to honor the Word of God. I am also thankful to the National Bible Associa-tion for their vision for National Bible Week and for their encouragement for our efforts today. Mr. Speaker, the prophet Isaiah, thousands of years ago, wrote: ‘‘The grass withers and the flowers fall, but the Word of our God endures forever.’’ How true. Civilizations have risen and fallen in those thousands of years since that was said, generations have come and gone, yet here today on No-vember 14, 2017, we are still celebrating the enduring Word of God. We celebrate National Bible Week. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, this past Sunday was the International Day of the Bible, and this week we are celebrating the National Bible Week across the United States. It is very fitting that we take time today on the floor of the People’s House to draw our nation’s attention to the Bible. In his book 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:21 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14NO7.104 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9253 November 14, 2017 
Reading the Bible with the Founding Fathers, Dr. Daniel Dreisbach reminds us of the influ-ential role the Bible served in the lives, thoughts and ideas of our nation’s Founding Fathers. The Bible was the most accessible book to our Founding Fathers and gave them insights on human nature, civic virtue, political author-ity, and the rights and duties of citizens that informed them as they formulated established the structures of government. On a more personal level, I believe that the Bible is not simply an inspirational book or a comforting book—although it is that. But, I be-lieve the Bible to be the holy word of God. It tells us the story of God’s love for us. It is a story of redemption for those who would put their faith and trust in Christ alone. John 3:16 tells us that ‘‘God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life.’’ For me, as a follower of Jesus Christ, this is not only comforting and inspiring but it is True and the Bible is a guide for my life. Each day—and the older I get—I am re-minded of the comforting Truth in Job Chapter 19. Written centuries before the birth, cru-cifixion and resurrection of Jesus, we were told of our redeemer. The one who would save us. 
For I know that my Redeemer lives, And He shall stand at last on the earth; And after my skin is destroyed, this I know, That in my flesh I shall see God, Whom I shall see for myself, And my eyes shall behold, and not another. How my heart yearns within me! Job 19:25–27 
This promise reminds me of the Lord’s love for me—no matter what the circumstances of life. Maybe it’s been a while since you poured over the pages of the Bible. Maybe it’s been collecting dust on a shelf. Take it down and read once again the truthful and comforting words of God preserved for us and given to us as a gift. I thank my colleagues for reserving this time for me to join you in sharing what the Bible means to me and hundreds of millions of oth-ers across the world. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 22 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b0025 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ) at 12 o’clock and 25 minutes a.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1, TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 17, 2017, THROUGH NOVEMBER 24, 2017 Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–410) on the resolution (H. Res. 619) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, and providing for pro-ceedings during the period from No-vember 17, 2017, through November 24, 2017, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1679. An act to ensure that the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency’s cur-rent efforts to modernize its grant manage-ment system includes applicant accessibility and transparency, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 26 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until today, Wednes-day, November 15, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3161. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Troy M. Shoemaker, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 3162. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Listing of Color Additives Exempt From Cer-tification; Calcium Carbonate [Docket No.: FDA-2016-C-2767] received November 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 3163. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Food Additives Permitted in Feed and Drinking Water of Animals; Ammonium For-mate and Formic Acid [Docket No.: FDA- 2014-F-0988] received November 13, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3164. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to the Central African Republic that was declared in Executive Order 13667 of May 12, 2014, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3165. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Syria that was de-clared in Executive Order 13338 of May 11, 2004, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3166. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3167. A letter from the White House Liai-son, Department of Education, transmitting a notification of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 3168. A letter from the White House Liai-son, Department of Education, transmitting a notification of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 3169. A letter from the Acting Assistant Administrator, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s FY 2016 Commercial and Inherently Governmental Inventories, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 105-270, Sec. 2(c)(1)(A); (112 Stat. 2382); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3170. A letter from the Deputy Chief of Staff, Office of Science and Technology Pol-icy, Executive Office of the President, trans-mitting a notification of a vacancy and des-ignation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 3171. A letter from the Branch Chief, En-dangered Species Listing, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for Dalea carthagenensis var. floridana (Florida Prai-rie-clover), and Threatened Species Status for Sideroxylon reclinatum ssp. austrofloridense (Everglades Bully), Digitaria pauciflora (Florida Pineland Crab-grass), and Chamaesyce deltoidea ssp. pinetorum (Pineland Sandmat) [Docket No.: FWS-R4-ES-2016-0090; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018- BB48) received November 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 3172. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Listing Policy and Support, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing Textual Descriptions of Critical Habitat Boundaries for Plants on the Hawaiian Islands [Docket No.: FWS-HQ- ES-2015-0009; 4500090023] (RIN: 1018-BA80) re-ceived November 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 3173. A letter from the Wildlife Biologist, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Migratory Bird Hunting; Approval of Corrosion-Inhibited Copper Shot as Nontoxic for Waterfowl Hunting [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-MB-2015-0073; FF09M21200-178- FXMB1231099BPP0] (RIN: 1018-BB06) received 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.030 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9254 November 14, 2017 
November 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 3174. A letter from the Conversation Policy Advisor, National Wildlife Refuge System, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — 2017-2018 Refuge-Specific Hunting and Sport Fishing Regulations [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-NWRS-2017-0005; FXRS12650900000-178-FF09R26000] (RIN: 1018- BB75) received November 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 3175. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting a legislative proposal, styled the ‘‘Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3176. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary for the Veteran’s Employment and Training Service, Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s final rule — HIRE Vets Medallion Program [Docket No.: VETS-2017-0001] (RIN: 1293-AA21) received November 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 3177. A letter from the Office of the Sec-retary (00REG), Department of Veterans Af-fairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Ecclesiastical Endorsing Organiza-tions (RIN: 2900-AP83) received November 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 619. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1) to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, and providing for pro-ceedings during the period from November 17, 2017, through November 27, 2017 (Rept. 115–410). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. RASKIN (for himself and Mr. J
ORDAN ): H.R. 4382. A bill to maintain the free flow of information to the public by providing conditions for the federally compelled disclo-sure of information by certain persons con-nected with the news media; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 4383. A bill to reform the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. CLARKE of New York (for her-self, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. L EE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, and Mr. C
ORREA ): H.R. 4384. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide protected status for certain aliens present in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 4385. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to restrict di-rect-to-consumer drug advertising; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4386. A bill to establish a grant pro-gram that encourages States to establish subgrant programs that encourage recipients to create, maintain, and improve digital fab-rication laboratories, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4387. A bill to amend the Carl D. Per-kins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to increase the allocation for rural areas, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4388. A bill to prioritize, in certain substance abuse prevention, treatment, and recovery programs, the treatment and recov-ery of addicted minors, and individuals re-sponsible for the care of dependent minors who are at risk of entering the foster care system; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4389. A bill to amend section 428 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to set aside funds for case management services for residents of permanent supportive hous-ing for homeless persons, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. GIANFORTE (for himself and Mr. D
UFFY ): H.R. 4390. A bill to reauthorize the rural emergency medical service training and equipment assistance program under section 330J of the Public Health Service Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. M
CCOLLUM (for herself, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): H.R. 4391. A bill to require the Secretary of State to certify that United States funds do not support military detention, interroga-tion, abuse, or ill-treatment of Palestinian children, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. J OHNSON  of Ohio, Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. C
OURTNEY , and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida): H.R. 4392. A bill to provide that the provi-sion of the Medicare Program: Hospital Out-patient Prospective Payment and Ambula-tory Surgical Center Payment Systems and Quality Reporting Programs final regulation relating to changes in the payment amount for certain drugs and biologicals purchased under the 340B drug discount program shall have no force or effect, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 4393. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 to clarify that employees of the Commission on Secu-rity and Cooperation in Europe and the Con-gressional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China are to be treated as covered employees for purposes of such Act; to the Committee on House Administra-tion. By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 4394. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make avail-able a public option for health insurance cov-erage for individuals residing in an area without a qualified health plan available through an Exchange, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. EMMER , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. H
ECK): H. Res. 620. A resolution strongly con-demning the terrorist attack in Mogadishu, Somalia on October 14, 2017, and expressing condolences and sympathies to the victims of the attack and their families; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. RASKIN: H.R. 4382. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the U.S. Constitu-tion and the First Amendment to the Con-stitution By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 4383. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution grants Con-gress the power to raise revenue By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 4384. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: the power granted to Congress under Arti-cle I of the United States Constitution and it subsequent amendments, and further clari-fied and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 4385. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Congress By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4386. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4387. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4388. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4389. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. GIANFORTE: H.R. 4390. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. M
CCOLLUM: H.R. 4391. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14NO7.000 H14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9255 November 14, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 4392. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 4393. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 et al. By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 4394. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 29: Mr. J ONES . H.R. 176: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 203: Mr. S
ABLAN . H.R. 281: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 350: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 400: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 421: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 448: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 559: Mr. W
OODALL . H.R. 564: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 592: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 681: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi and Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 685: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 747: Mr. R
OHRABACHER . H.R. 754: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 786: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 795: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 828: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 846: Mr. M
CKINLEY and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 896: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 912: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. G OMEZ , and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 949: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 959: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 1034: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 1120: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York and Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 1144: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1155: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 1158: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 1164: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH and Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 1178: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 1187: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 1205: Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, and Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 1229: Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1284: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1318: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 1379: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1409: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. P ANETTA , and Mr. C ULBERSON . H.R. 1415: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1478: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 1494: Mr. SESSIONS and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 1530: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 1566: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 1651: Ms. G
ABBARD and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1661: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 1666: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 1683: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. W
ITTMAN , and Mr. T HOMAS J. R OO-
NEYof Florida. H.R. 1847: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1876: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 1953: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 1990: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 2149: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 2228: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 2237: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 2259: Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 2276: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 2285: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 2295: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia and Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 2320: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 2345: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 2366: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2394: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2436: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 2452: Ms. A
DAMS and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 2492: Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. C ULBERSON . H.R. 2556: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 2633: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2640: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2740: Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. K
ENNEDY , and Ms. G RANGER . H.R. 2790: Mr. Z
ELDIN and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 2821: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 2860: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 2902: Mr. K
EATING , Ms. R OSEN , and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 3027: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 3174: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 3221: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 3287: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 3368: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia and Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3381: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 3397: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 3427: Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 3444: Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. R
USH, and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 3478: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 3528: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 3542: Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 3592: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 3596: Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. C
RAMER , Ms. B ASS, and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 3635: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 3637: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 3692: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 3730: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3748: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 3770: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 3784: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. B OST. H.R. 3798: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 3814: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3822: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 3887: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 3925: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 3931: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 3956: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 3976: Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, and Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 3978: Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 3988: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4049: Mr. S
ABLAN . H.R. 4082: Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. E
LLISON , and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4101: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 4115: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER and Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 4122: Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. T SONGAS , and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ . H.R. 4132: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 4207: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 4209: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 4215: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 4222: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 4231: Mr. G
IANFORTE and Mr. F RANCIS  R
OONEY of Florida. H.R. 4239: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 4240: Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. H OYER , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 4253: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 4258: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 4263: Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH , and Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 4265: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4267: Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. H
IMES, Mrs. B EATTY , and Mrs. W AGNER . H.R. 4274: Mr. O
LSON , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. G
IBBS, and Mr. J ORDAN . H.R. 4278: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 4292: Mr. R
OYCE of California and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 4295: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 4300: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J ONES , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 4306: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 4310: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 4316: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 4324: Ms. T
ENNEY and Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 4328: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 4334: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. C A´RDENAS . H.R. 4335: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 4336: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 4372: Mr. B
YRNE and Mr. L EWIS of Min- nesota. H.R. 4375: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H. Con. Res. 57: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H. Con. Res. 90: Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mrs. W
AGNER , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. S IRES, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali- fornia, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. D ONOVAN . H. Res. 129: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H. Res. 282: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H. Res. 336: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. R
OYCE of California, and Mr. C ICILLINE . H. Res. 401: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H. Res. 466: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H. Res. 516: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Mr. A GUILAR . H. Res. 529: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Mr. T EDLIEU of California. H. Res. 576: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H. Res. 604: Mr. R
EICHERT and Mr. K IND. H. Res. 610: Mr. S
ESSIONS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO7.029 H14NOPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7185 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2017 No. 186 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable B
EN S
ASSE, a Senator from the State of Ne-braska. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Lord God, as the waters fill the sea, let America be filled with peo-ple who know You. Help our citizens to live for Your honor. Increase our faith, hope, and love, that we may receive Your promises. Lord, be merciful to our Nation, for You are our hope. Today, inspire our lawmakers with the music of Your wis-dom, that they may bring hope out of despair and joy out of sadness. Teach them to celebrate even in the darkness because You are the God who saves us. Give us all the strength to not become weary in doing what is right, knowing that in due season a bountiful harvest will come. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, November 14, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable BENSASSE, a Senator from the State of Nebraska, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. SASSE thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, tax reform represents our best chance today to get the economy living up to its true potential, and it is a once-in-a- generation opportunity. The last time major tax reform hap-pened was more than 30 years ago. In the years since, our country, our econ-omy, and the global marketplace have changed in profound ways. Moreover, the lingering economic challenges of the last decade only compound the ur-gency to get this done. Jobs went overseas. Wages didn’t grow like they should have. Hard-work-ing families worried if they would be able to send their kids to college or save for retirement. It is clear that families and small businesses had a rough go of it during the Obama econ-omy. They deserve relief. They deserve the chance for something better. Tax re-form is an important way to help get the economy, jobs, and opportunity moving again in a serious way. Listen to this small business owner and franchisee from Lexington, KY. She recently wrote to my office ex-pressing the need for tax reform: ‘‘With the rising cost of doing business,’’ she wrote, ‘‘and the [g]overnment regula-tions that have been imposed on small businesses over the past several years, we desperately need tax relief and com-petitive rates. The current high tax rate that I pay,’’ she continued, ‘‘re-duces the amount of earnings I can in-vest into my businesses, [into my] em-ployees, and [into my] community.’’ For small business owners in Ken-tucky and throughout the country, we want to make it easier to grow, invest, and hire. For families everywhere, we want to make taxes lower, simpler, and fairer. In short, we want to take more money out of Washington’s pockets and put more in the pockets of the middle class. That is why we are push-ing tax reform. Yesterday, the Senate Finance Com-mittee began to mark up its tax reform legislation. The meetings this week represent the next step in a years-long campaign, which included dozens of hearings and significant input from both sides. Chairman H
ATCH said yesterday: 
First and foremost, this legislation will provide much-needed tax relief to American workers and families. It reduces rates across the board, particularly for those in the mid-dle class who have struggled to get through the past 8 years of economic stagnation. 
Indeed, under the Finance Commit-tee’s proposal, the typical American family of four earning the median in-come could see a tax cut of nearly $1,500. As these hearings continue, I would like once again to commend Chairman H
ATCH for his leadership of the com-mittee and his commitment to regular order. As the tax proposal advances through an open process, members of the Finance Committee will consider many of the hundreds of amendments that have already been filed on the bill. Once the committee completes its work, the bill will come before the full Senate. Along with our colleagues in the House, as well as President Trump and his team, we will continue to push for tax reform to fulfill important shared goals for our country. We have a lot of work ahead of us, but we are com-mitted to getting this done for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.000 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7186 November 14, 2017 
American people. I hope that our Democratic friends will join us. As I said before, until very recently, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle used to support many of the ideas included in this bill. The underlying ideas haven’t changed. The urgent need for tax reform hasn’t changed. The only thing that has really changed is the occupant of the White House. So I hope Senate Democrats will put aside partisanship and work with us in a se-rious way to deliver this much needed relief to small businesses and the mid-dle class. 
f 
NOMINATION OF DAVID ZATEZALO Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, in addition to the other work being done by the committees, the Senate is con-tinuing to confirm qualified and tal-ented nominees sent to us by the Presi-dent. Yesterday we confirmed an im-portant official for the Department of Transportation, and today we will con-firm another. Then, we will advance the nomina-tion of David Zatezalo to serve as the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health, a position of par-ticular importance in my home State of Kentucky, where mining supports thousands of good jobs. Mr. Zatezalo has spent a lifetime working in the mining industry. He began as an underground coal miner and worked his way up through the ranks to most recently lead a mining company based in Lexington, KY. He knows about various levels of the busi-ness, which would be an important asset as he works with operators, min-ers, and inspectors to ensure that min-ing operations are safe for our Nation’s mine workers. Having begun his career as a coal miner himself and having later man-aged and operated a number of mines, Mr. Zatezalo has a keen understanding of the challenges and risks sometimes associated with mining. This firsthand experience will serve him well in his new role. As Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health, Mr. Zatezalo will be given the responsi-bility to reduce workplace accidents and promote safe and healthy work-places for miners. I strongly support his nomination to serve in this role, and I would ask my colleagues to join me in advancing this nomination. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion and resume consideration of the Bradbury nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Trans-portation. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
DACA  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it was 16 years ago that I introduced a bill known as the DREAM Act. The purpose of the DREAM Act was to give undocu-mented young people brought to the United States under the age of 18 an opportunity to go through a back-ground check and to earn their way to legal status—16 years ago. The bill passed the Senate at various times and it passed the House, though never quite in the same year at the same time. Now we face a crisis, literally. It is a crisis involving hundreds of thousands of these young people across America. It was just September 5 when the President of the United States an-nounced that he was going to eliminate DACA. DACA was the Executive order of President Obama that allowed these Dreamers to come forward, pay a filing fee of about $500 or $600, submit them-selves to a criminal background check, and, after that background check, if they cleared it, to be given a 2-year al-lowance to live in the United States without fear of deportation—2 years at a time—and the legal capacity to work. That was what DACA was about. So 780,000 young people did it. They came forward. They surrendered the in-formation about themselves and their families. They submitted themselves to criminal background checks, and they ended up getting the protection of DACA. They went on to go to school, to go to work, to become teachers or engi-neers, to go to medical school, and to do things that really mean that they will have a future in this country that will be a benefit to them and to all of us. So President Trump said that pro-gram will end on March 5, 2018, and he established a deadline, for those who were going to see their DACA eligi-bility end during that period of time, for them to renew. The deadline was October 5. It meant that they had to come forward with the filing fee and at least apply to go through the process again. It was quite a hardship on many of these young people to come up with the money for the filing fee and to real-ize that the clock was ticking in a very meaningful way about their ability to protect themselves. Many of them stepped forward and asked for help from families, from churches, and from friends to come up with the filing fee to make sure that they renewed their DACA eligibility in time. Let me tell you what happened to some of them who went through this process. Here is one case. On September 14, Allison Baker, a lawyer for the Legal Aid Society in New York, sent one of these young individuals’ application to renew this permit that would let him stay and work in the United States le-gally as part of DACA. The date of Sep-tember 14 should be remembered be-cause the deadline for filing was Octo-ber 5. To be sure, this lawyer sent this renewal application for this young man by certified mail. Back in the day when I practiced law, that was one way to make sure you had written proof of when you actually mailed something far in advance of a deadline. Tracking data from the U.S. Postal Service showed that the envelope arrived in Chicago on September 16. It was mailed from New York on September 14 and arrived in Chicago September 16, on its way to a regional processing warehouse of the U.S. Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services, the agency that admin-isters the program known as DACA. Then the packet started circling the Chicago postal system in a mysterious holding pattern. From September 17 to September 19, it was in transit to des-tination, according to the Postal Serv-ice. Then its tracking whereabouts dis-appeared until October 4, where, once again, the Postal Service assured the sender that it was ‘‘on its way.’’ On October 6, the day after the dead-line, this certified application, which was sent on September 14, arrived, and the application for this 24-year-old man was rejected by our government. He wasn’t alone. We know of at least 33 other cases just like this. Congress-man L
UISGUTIE´RREZ , of my State of Il-linois, told the story of another appli-cation renewal sent on September 13 for an October 5 deadline. It arrived on October 6, as well. Another sent their paperwork on September 21. It wasn’t received until October 9. What Con-gressman G
UTIE´RREZ said is very obvi-ous: Because somebody else did not do their job correctly, we are taking inno-cent young immigrants and making them deportable. That is unacceptable, Congressman G
UTIE´RREZ said. What does the U.S. Postal Service have to say about what I just read to you, those two or three cases? On Thursday, in a rare admission from a Federal agency, the U.S. Postal Service took the blame. David Partenheimer, a spokesman for the Postal Service, said that there had been ‘‘an unintentional temporary mail processing delay in the Chicago area.’’ Remember what I am saying here. Young people, undocumented had ap-plied successfully and had been accept-ed into the DACA Program. The Presi-dent announced he was going to end 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.001 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7187 November 14, 2017 
the program, and those—many of them—had to re-sign up, renew, by Oc-tober 5. They did it. They mailed it. Their application didn’t arrive in time. It doesn’t take a big leap of faith or intelligence to realize what should be done. Clearly, this agency should be giving these young people a chance. Once again, they have done everything they can think of to comply with the law and trust our government. They trusted our government to give them DACA status to allow them to stay in the United States, and they trusted the Postal Service, in a matter of 2 weeks, to be able to deliver a letter. Yesterday I spoke to the USCIS Di-rector, Francis Cissna, and I asked him about this. I said to him: There must be a way for us to acknowledge the ob-vious. These young people, in good faith, did everything we could ask of them to comply with the law, and now they have been rejected. Now they are subject to deportation because the Postal Service didn’t do its job. I asked him: Are you prepared to at least re-consider this decision and give them a chance to renew their DACA status? He said he was aware of the situation and that it was being considered at the highest levels of the Department of Homeland Security. I raise this issue because real lives are at stake. These are real people. These are young men and women who are doing everything they can think of to become part of America’s future. They are hiring lawyers, they are rais-ing money, and they are filing the doc-uments that are asked of them in the hopes they can stay in the United States of America, and the system is fighting them every step of the way. In this situation, this is totally unfair. Our government is better than this. Our people are better than this. Our values are better than this. I am plead-ing with the Department of Homeland Security and those who are seeking po-sitions in that Department to show some common sense and a little bit of heart when it comes to these young people who are simply trying to make a future for themselves and a better United States of America. 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN  
Mr. President, this week, Repub-licans in Congress are determined to barrel ahead at full speed in a rushed, partisan effort to pass a tax plan at any cost. Make no mistake, for work-ing families in Illinois and across the United States, this is a mistake. Preliminary analysis from the non-partisan Joint Committee on Taxation revealed that by 2019, more than 13 mil-lion Americans who make less than $200,000 a year will experience not a tax cut but a tax increase under the Senate Republican plan. That number jumps from 13 million to 21 million by the year 2025. In my State of Illinois, taxpayers at every income bracket are going to see their taxes increase for this tax reform that is being pushed through at the last minute of this session. Fourteen percent of the middle fifth of taxpayers in Illinois—those who are the very definition of middle income— will see an average tax hike under the Senate plan of $1,400. So much for a tax cut. It is a tax increase. Mr. President, I don’t know about taxpayers in your State, but in my home State of Illinois, a $1,400 tax hike is a gut punch to a working family. That is not all. Further analysis from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities shows that in addition to the millions of households which will see their taxes rise under this Senate Re-publican plan, 53 million households— that is 40 percent of all households earning less than $200,000 per year—will see no significant tax change under the new plan. Let’s be clear. If you are a middle-in-come family listening to that and you are thinking you might want to take your chances under this Republican plan, please look at the facts. Even if you are one of the lucky ones who manage not to pay more under the Re-publican tax plan, make no mistake, when this plan blows a $1.5 trillion hole in our Nation’s deficit, it will be work-ing families who end up paying the bill. When Republicans’ fake math indeed falls short and the deficit is sky-rocketing, the Republican budget has already identified how they are going to pay for these tax cuts in the future. Are you ready? They are going to do it with an additional $470 billion in cuts in Medicare benefits—Medicare. They are paying for a tax cut for wealthy people by reducing the benefits paid out under Medicare to retired Ameri-cans and another $1 trillion cuts in Medicaid. Remember Medicaid? That is the program where the major expense is to maintain the lives and health of two-thirds of Americans who are in nursing homes. So the Republicans want to give a tax break to the wealthy. They are going to ask seniors who are retired to pay more or receive less from Medicare and make a dramatic cut in Medicaid as well. There is no hiding. Congres-sional Republicans have made clear that one way or another, working fami-lies in America are going to pay for what they call tax reform. At the heart of the Republican playbook for how to bankroll massive tax cuts for the wealthy few and the largest corpora-tions is the elimination of three vital tax breaks for working families. The House Republican plan will be voted on this week. They are dead set to get this done in a matter of days, and they are going to eliminate in the House plan the medical expense deduc-tion. What does that mean? It means, if someone in your family is diagnosed with a serious illness—God forbid, can-cer or whatever it is—and your family ends up incurring massive debts, mak-ing sure that person survives, if you incur those debts, you currently can deduct them from your taxes that you pay, but the House Republican plan eliminates the deduction. In my State of Illinois, 370,000 or more used the medical expense deduc-tion. Their medical bills are that high. The Republicans in the House elimi-nate that deduction. That isn’t going to help working families. It puts them at risk of bankruptcy. The No. 1 reason for bankruptcy in America is medical bills. The House Republican tax plan makes it tougher. More than 370,000 Il-linoisans claim an average of a $10,000 deduction for medical expenses, for hospital care, long-term nursing home care, prescription drug costs. That is just wrong. There is more. The House plan also eliminates the student loan interest deduction. Think about that for a sec-ond. Here, we have 1.5 million young people in Illinois paying off student loans. You know what they face: $20,000, $40,000, $60,000, $80,000 in debt. Some of them are still living in their parents’ basement because of their stu-dent loans. We give them one little break. You know what it is? The de-ductibility on the interest on student loans, and yet here comes the Repub-licans to eliminate that deduction. Why would we ever want to make it harder for these students and their families to pay off that mountain of debt that they incur going to college? But that is part of the so-called Repub-lican tax reform. They also include the one provision I know my colleague from New York, the Democratic leader, feels very intensely about because our States share the same problem. This compromise pro-posed in the Senate eliminates the State and local property tax deduction for State income tax, sales tax, and property tax currently in New York and Illinois and many other States. We hold to the basic principle, Americans should not have to pay a tax on a tax. Unfortunately, the Republicans in the Senate believe they want to change that. The net result of that is to in-crease dramatically the burden so many taxpaying families already face. We have seen increases in our State in-come tax. We face regular increases in property taxes. This is the one deduc-tion that gives these families a little bit of help, and Republicans are elimi-nating it. It was a week ago when I had a press conference with the Realtors in my State and the homebuilders, who are dramatically opposed to the elimi-nation of this deduction and other changes that are being made when it comes to purchasing homes and home-ownership. They have told me: If you want real economic growth in Illinois or any State, you start with people who are building and buying homes. Sadly, the Republican approach, when it comes to tax reform, refuses to take that into consideration. We need to stand up for working fam-ilies in our States of Illinois and New York and across this Nation. This tax reform plan that has been proposed by the Republicans, who are determined to get it done in just a matter of a few 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.003 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7188 November 14, 2017 
days, is going to be damaging to so many, and it is not going to help Amer-ica grow. Middle-income families are going to pay for the cost of giveaways to the wealthiest taxpayers in Amer-ica. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
THANKING THE SENATOR FROM ILLINOIS  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, let me thank my dear friend and col-league from Illinois. As I have always maintained, he is one of the most ar-ticulate and eloquent Members of this Senate, on either side of the aisle, and it is a joy to listen to him—not the subject but the way he articulates it, the subject we are interested in but not happy about, which is the tax bill. 
REPUBLICAN TAX BILL  
Now, Mr. President, Senator M CCON-
NELL always comes down and says: I hope the Democrats will join us in the tax reform bill. Mr. Leader, Mr. Repub-lican leader, we want to join you, but that doesn’t mean you write a bill be-hind closed doors and then say support it. The way we have done tax reform successfully in the past—I was there in 1986—is Democrats and Republicans sat down together and came up with a bill that maybe a few in each party wouldn’t support, but the mainstreams of both parties would. It avoids the se-crecy. It also avoids one or two Mem-bers saying: Unless I get this, I am not going to be for the bill—which pulls the bill in many different directions. So, Mr. Leader, yes, Democrats do want to join this, but it is totally dis-ingenuous, not honest of you, to say that without letting us sit at the table, without letting us see the bill. So let’s knock it off. You want to do a bill with just Republicans, fine. You tried it with healthcare. You are trying it with tax reform. It is a lose-lose. You will either not pass the bill or you will pass the bill that was enshrouded in secrecy that will have so many problems every Republican who votes for it will regret it. Yesterday’s markup in the Finance Committee indicated the same thing. The markup of the Republican tax bill wasn’t the actual bill. It was ‘‘a pre-liminary draft.’’ How do we know it wasn’t the real bill? Well, today the Fi-nance Committee has notified us that instead of continuing the markup as usual, the committee will recess after a morning session because the Repub-licans are not ready with their replace-ment bill—the real one. This is crazy. The President, who doesn’t know what is in the bill—we all know that—has set an arbitrary dead-line, and to meet that deadline, our Re-publican colleagues are sacrificing the integrity of the process and the quality of the bill. We are 2 days into a markup, half-way, and Democrats haven’t even seen a real bill yet. In their desperate rush to get this bill through Congress, Re-publicans started by marking up a bill that is not even the one they intended to pass. It is a bait and switch. It is the perfect example of the problem with rushing a bill of this magnitude through Congress. Republicans can’t keep up with their own reckless, breakneck pace, and they are going to have to delay the markup. This same problem is going to repeat itself over and over again on issues of greater complexity and consequence. What happens when Republicans real-ize their new international tax regime encourages scores of new tax savings and avoidance schemes? What happens if the independent analysts say their new loophole for passthrough busi-nesses doesn’t have enough guardrails? What happens if the House and Senate are unable to reconcile their disparate approaches to slashing State and local deductions? In the New York Times this morn-ing—I commend all my Republican col-leagues to read it—they identified new potential problems in this Republican tax bill, problems the writers hadn’t thought about, but corporate lawyers by the dozens, by the scores, by the hundreds will find a way to walk through these loopholes, even though our Republican colleagues didn’t in-tend those loopholes to exist. You can be sure that for every 1 of these loop-holes, these misadventures, the Times identified, there are 5 or 10 more lurk-ing in the print, in the fine print. The only question is whether our Repub-lican colleagues find them now or find them out later when it is too late after the bill passes. Instead of rushing through a bill of such enormous complexity, sunlight is the great fermenter of this type of leg-islation. If it lies out there for a little while, people come in and say: This is wrong or that is wrong. Those will be individuals, those will be pundits, those will be the companies our Repub-lican friends are trying to help. They will say: Wait a minute; this doesn’t quite work because no one has had a chance to really see it, examine it, and let it stew. Now we are asked for other signifi-cant changes. What happens if, as we have seen, every few days President Trump tweets, asking the Republicans to change their bill, and this time they repeal the individual mandate and drop the top rate, as he asked them to do yesterday? Each of these decisions has enormous, drastic consequences for American families and American in-dustries. President Trump’s crazy idea to re-peal the individual mandate as a part of this bill, according to CBO, would boot 13 million people from the health insurance rolls and cause premiums to skyrocket, all to pay for a bigger tax cut at the top bracket—the wealthiest people in America. What a toxic idea. Are any Republicans going to go home and campaign on that? We are going to get rid of the individual mandate, kick 13 million people off healthcare, and raise premiums so we can lower the top rate when no one—no one but the hard right—is clamoring for it? Income distribution is a problem in America. We all admit that we have different solutions for it. So be it. But I haven’t heard, as I did in the 1980s, 1990s, or even the early 2000s, a clam-oring to lower the top rate, even among those who pay it. They know they are doing well. Wealth has gone way up in America, and it has gone to the top. That is not what we need. It is a toxic idea. Yet Republicans may have to consider adding it to the bill to pla-cate a restless and uninformed Presi-dent, who, we all know, knows very lit-tle of what is in this bill. He just tweets. Somehow our Republican col-leagues, instead of ignoring the tweets, pay attention to too many of them. Yesterday, the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation said that they would not be able to properly analyze the effects of the Republican tax bill in the time they have planned for it. So we are not even having the JCT—non-partisan, respected for decades—ana-lyze the bill before we are going to vote on it in the committee and maybe on the floor. Again, the Republican leadership in the House and Senate will ask their Members to vote on a major bill with-out knowing the consequences. In no world is this proper legislative proce-dure. No party has ever done this be-fore—Democrats, Republicans, Whigs, Anti-Federalists, Democratic-Repub-licans, Federalists. We have never seen this before. It is so wrong. We see so many things that ail this country, and I have to say a lot of them stem from the top—from the President. Yet our Republican col-leagues are still fearful of ignoring him, of not listening to ideas they know are ludicrous. The rush is because my Republican friends, fearful of the President and his self-imposed deadline, are trying to hide a bill that would transfer even more wealth to the superwealthy while raising taxes on millions of middle- class Americans. According to the Joint Committee on Taxation, of all taxpayers making less than $200,000 a year, 13 million would see a tax hike in 2019, and 20 million would see a tax hike by 2027. Both Leader M
CCONNELL and Speaker R YAN said that they would not raise middle- class taxes. They had to back off. For working Americans who do get a tax cut, the average is so small compared to what folks at the top are getting. Americans making $40,000 to $50,000 a year get an average cut of $480, while folks making over $1 million will get a tax cut of $50,000—100 times more than what working families get. They can say: Well, that is because the wealthy are richer. But that is not what we need in America right now. The wealthy are getting wealthier. They are doing fine, even under the present 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.004 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7189 November 14, 2017 
tax regime. Middle-class people’s me-dian income has been going down over the last decade. It is harder for middle- class people to average—it shouldn’t be OK for them to get $500 and the wealthy to get $50,000. We ought to be directing the tax cuts at the middle class. Republicans—Trump’s organization— had an ad on TV. They said that wealthy people’s tax rates remain the same, while the middle class gets a cut. That is false advertising because, when we compare apples to apples, the wealthy get a much larger cut than the middle-class people. We have known for weeks that the longer this bill is in effect, the worse it gets for the middle class. To stay with-in deficit numbers, the JCT confirmed that under the revised House bill, en-tire middle-income groups will see a tax hike, on average, just a few years down the road. Speaker R
YANand other Republicans say that those tax hikes will not happen because future Con-gresses will extend certain tax breaks in perpetuity. If that is true, all the deficit hawks ought to pay attention. There is a gigantic hidden cost to the bill if we are going to make these tax cuts temporary in this bill and then make them permanent. The scores this week will say that these bills blow a $1.5 trillion hole in the deficit over the next decade. That is bad enough. But if a bunch of breaks, deductions, and expansions that are now temporary are made permanent, as the Speaker says they will be, the real cost will be hundreds of billions, if not trillions, more. All of my Republican friends who care about the deficit should be wary of this gain. We do need permanence. We need cor-porate America in particular to be re-lying on a permanent change. But you can’t do a permanent change without blowing a hole in the deficit, so you do a temporary change. There is a simple solution, which, if Democrats and Re-publicans work together, we could do: Close corporate loopholes, lower the top rate, keep the corporate reduction deficit-neutral and permanent. My guess is most corporate leaders would prefer that. They would prefer less of a tax decrease and more permanence be-cause you can’t build a factory or make a major investment if you know that the decrease is going to vanish. We shouldn’t be rushing through such an ill-conceived, backward bill—break-ing the fine traditions of this body, busting the deficit, breaking the backs of millions of middle-class families, making the funding of defense far more difficult when there is so much agree-ment between our two parties on tax reform. On healthcare, it is hard to agree; the visions are diametrically op-posed. But on tax reform, that is not true. Our Republican friends are just bollixing this up. Somehow they had in their heads that they had to do it through reconciliation. They had to do it without Democrats, and the result is a very poor product that most Ameri-cans already don’t like and even more will not like as they learn more about it. We all want to reduce the burden on small businesses. We all want to en-courage companies to locate jobs here. We could put together a bill that does those things. This bill doesn’t. If Republicans turn their backs on this deeply flawed approach, my com-mitment to so many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle—who I know are squirming about this bill—is that we will come together and put a good bill together that a majority of both parties can support—both parties. That is how it ought to be done. PRESIDENT ’S TRIP TO ASIA  
As President Trump returns from his week-long trip to several Asian na-tions, it is worth asking: What did America get out of his trip? Did he forcefully confront the Chi-nese leaders about our imbalanced and unfair trade system, where we play by the rules and the Chinese do not? No. He said that China’s behavior was not their fault and blamed American lead-ers instead for China’s trade abuses. Even if he believes that, what is the point of saying it? He is encouraging China to keep doing what they have been doing all along if he thinks they are not to blame—letting them off the hook. Why? Because Xi gave him a red carpet? I have never been so ashamed of a foreign trip in my years. It is just in-side out. We attack our friends, and the people who have given us the most trouble—China and Russia—we molly-coddle. That is so bad for the future of this country. Did President Trump engage the var-ious regional powers in a project of great importance, curtailing and con-taining the rogue North Korean re-gime? No. He settled for a sophomoric exchange of insults on Twitter, far below the dignity of the office. Then he came back and bragged about the great ceremony and how well he was treated. Xi played the President. He played the President. Every American should be embarrassed. I heard one commentator say this morning that this trip cemented China as the leading power of the world, not because they have more economic power, not because they have greater intellectual ideas, not because they are better people but because Xi is domi-nating and smart, and the President so susceptible to flattery. It is demeaning to the United States and its role in the world. Then, to add insult to injury, he seems to have a love for dictators. In the Philippines, where a strongman leader is engaged in a vicious campaign of extrajudicial killings, did Trump ad-monish him? Did Trump uphold the beacon of the United States as the no-blest power in the world? No. He lec-tured and unsettled our allies while emboldening our adversaries, like China and Russia, by treating them with kid gloves and making it clear that all they have to do is say a few flattering words and the United States will drop the interests that our people are so dependent on. All in all, President Trump’s trip was a colossal flop and embarrassment. He seemed far more interested in pomp and circumstances, red carpets, fancy meals, and the flattery of foreign lead-ers than in advancing vital American interests in a region that is increas-ingly looking to China for leadership. After the President’s performance, those countries are going to turn more to China. At least they have strength and direction, even though China will take advantage of them, for sure, as they have taken advantage of us. It is a sad state of affairs when the simplest of strategies—flattery—can derail an entire foreign trip and under-cut American influence in the world. President Trump was played for a fool by China’s leaders, and he enthusiasti-cally accepted the role. The President of the United States— this great, grand country we love—is supposed to be the single strongest voice and advocate for our national in-terests. If he will not stick up for America, her interests, and her values on the world stage, who will? I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, thank you. I rise to speak about the tax re-form issue and the tax reform effort that is front and center for this Con-gress and for all Americans. Particu-larly, I want to point out the fact that Congress has not undertaken this dif-ficult task for over 30 years, and for anyone who has been involved in this, they now realize how difficult it really is. In the years since the last major overhaul, Congress has, by patchwork, added numerous carve-outs and special interests, passed short-term tax ex-tenders, which have made planning for families and businesses very difficult, and has generally contributed to a tax code that today is extremely complex, burdensome, and unpredictable. My colleague from Idaho Senator C
RAPO has stated that we couldn’t have done worse if we had set out inten-tionally to do worse. Many of my col-leagues and I have heard story after story from our constituents who have said the same thing. The Tax Code makes it hard for families and busi-nesses, especially small businesses, to comply and plan ahead, let alone grow and prosper. This conversation hasn’t gone away, so clearly the system, as it stands, is not serving the American people as it should. It is imperative for the continued growth of the American economy that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.005 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7190 November 14, 2017 
we simplify the system, reduce com-plexity, and create certainty. Tax re-form will bring relief to American fam-ilies. Under the plan released by the Senate Finance Committee, middle- class Americans will see a benefit in the form of a lower tax bill, which means more money for households to bring home. In addition to keeping more money in the pockets of hard- working Americans, the Senate plan nearly doubles the standard deduction, increases the child tax credit to help families with the very real costs asso-ciated with raising a family, and pre-serves an existing tax credit to help care for elderly family members. This tax plan would also make it easier for individuals and families to avoid a time-consuming and expensive tax-fil-ing nightmare by simplifying the Tax Code and eliminating deductions. The aim of this entire exercise is to make the Tax Code simpler, fairer, and easier to comply with, reducing the burden on taxpayers and creating an environment that enables families and businesses to thrive. Tax reform will help grow small busi-nesses. As chairman of the Senate Small Business Committee, I have fo-cused on highlighting small business issues in this tax reform process. The ranking member, Senator S
HAHEEN , and I held a bipartisan hearing in June to talk about tax policies that would most benefit small businesses across the country. As a result, we sent a bi-partisan letter to the Senate Finance Committee, which was drawing this bill, to outline the policies we deter-mined were most important. The topline issue was the need to address the individual Tax Code along with the corporate Tax Code. Most of the Na-tion’s small businesses are organized in a way that they pay taxes through the individual code. It is amazing they managed to create the majority of new jobs in America, despite facing this higher tax rate, with the added burden of spending time and money away from businesses to comply with this complex Tax Code. Thankfully, Ranking Mem-ber S
HAHEEN and I are not the only ones who heard this message, and lower rates for small businesses is part of this conversation. Small businesses have identified tax policies that work for them, along with changes that could be made to help more of them across the country. Two of the examples are the cash method of accounting and section 179 expensing. Cash method accounting is a simpler way for small businesses to keep their books, and section 179 expensing allows small businesses to immediately de-duct the cost of investing in their busi-ness up to a certain amount. Both of these commonsense policies will reach more business owners in tax reform. I am encouraged by the plan the Sen-ate Finance Committee released last week and the process they are under-taking this week to move this bill for-ward. With tax reform, we have a real opportunity to make changes that will have a tangible, positive impact on the American people and create an envi-ronment for our Nation’s job creators to prosper. I am excited to see the kind of job creation that will result from the changes we are considering, and I look forward to working with my col-leagues to make this a reality. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. YEMEN HUMANITARIAN CRISIS  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, my col-leagues, cholera is a truly awful way to die. It is a manmade disease, a man- caused disease that this world could easily eradicate from existence. You become so dehydrated, you vomit so much liquid, your body dispenses so many nutrients, so much water through unending diarrhea, that your body is thrown into shock. You lit-erally die from vomiting and diarrhea, sometimes over the course of hours, sometimes over the course of days, sometimes over the course of weeks. Inside Yemen today, by the end of this year, there will be 1 million people diagnosed with cholera. This picture I have in the Chamber is a hard image to see. I will replace it with this one. One million people will be diagnosed with cholera. Thousands and thousands inside Yemen today are dying because of this disease. There is a humani-tarian catastrophe inside this coun-try—which very few people in this Na-tion can locate on a map—of absolutely epic proportions. This humanitarian catastrophe, this famine—one of four famines across the world today—is being caused in part by actions of the United States of America, and it is time that we do something about it as a body. As we speak today, the Saudi-led coa-lition that has been engaged in an in-cessant 2-year bombing campaign in Yemen is blockading Yemen, not al-lowing any humanitarian relief, not al-lowing fuel or food or water to get into the country. The coalition’s blockade has ground-ed U.N. flights. It has prevented hu-manitarian workers from flying in and out of the country. It has barred ships from delivering lifesaving food, fuel, and medical supplies. A 25,000-metric- ton World Food Programme ship is cur-rently, as we speak, being denied ac-cess to the port. As we speak today, hospitals and aid organizations inside Yemen are shutting down because they do not have enough fuel to continue op-erating. Vaccines will run out in the country by the end of the month. Prices for food and medicine are spik-ing such that they are unaffordable to the majority of Yemenis. Because of cholera alone, 2,000 people have died. Thousands of other civilians have died because of other humanitarian night-mares, including a lack of access to the medical system. I mentioned that the blockade is being run by the Saudi-led coalition. The United States is a member of that coalition. For 2 years, the United States has been aiding the Government of Saudi Arabia in a bombing campaign of the Houthi-controlled areas of Yemen. That bombing campaign caused this outbreak of cholera. Why is that? The bombing campaign deliberately targeted the electricity grid of Yemen in and around Sana’a, the capital con-trolled today by the Houthis. The water treatment facility runs on the electricity from that grid. As you can read in a lengthy story in the New York Times from 2 days ago, the country no longer has the ability to treat water that goes to its capital because the Saudi-led bombing cam-paign has knocked out electricity. The fuel that has helped temporarily run the water treatment facility is no longer available either because the Saudi-led bombing campaign has tar-geted the infrastructure that allows for fuel to be delivered. So today the water is undrinkable. It is toxic. Yet, because there aren’t other supplies of water, millions of Yemenis are ingesting it. They are eating food that is also toxic because of the inability to treat water, because of the flow of sewage and feces throughout the capital city, and al-most 1 million people have contracted cholera. That bombing campaign that tar-geted the electricity infrastructure in Yemen could only happen with U.S. support. It is the United States that provides the targeting assistance for the Saudi planes. It is U.S. refueling planes flying in the sky around Yemen that restock the Saudi fighter jets with fuel, allowing them to drop more ord-nance. It is U.S.-made and transferred ordnance that is carried on these planes and dropped on civilian and in-frastructure targets inside Yemen. The United States is part of this coa-lition. The bombing campaign that has caused the cholera outbreak could not happen without us. The official posi-tion of the State Department with re-spect to the blockade—which was im-posed by the Saudis about a week ago— is that they should end it, at least for the purposes of allowing humanitarian resources into the country. That has not happened. As I mentioned, there is literally a World Food Programme ship right now with 25,000 metric tons of food waiting to get into the capital to help families like this. So although that may be the official position of the State Depart-ment, we clearly aren’t articulating that position to the Saudis because the Saudi blockade—which happens with U.S. military support—continues. Maybe that is because the State De-partment and the White House are sim-ply operating on two different planets. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.007 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7191 November 14, 2017 
While on his trip to Asia, President Trump said that he has full confidence in the Saudi King, that he knows what he is doing. Let me tell you what he is doing. He is using starvation and dis-ease as a weapon of war, which is in contravention of international human rights law. You cannot use starvation. You cannot intentionally cause this kind of disease in order to try to win a military conflict. So maybe the Saudis do know what they are doing, but what they are doing is a gross violation of human rights law. It would be one thing if the United States were a mere observer, but we are a participant in this. This horror— I am sorry, it is hard to see—is caused in part by our decision to facilitate a bombing campaign that is murdering children and to endorse a Saudi strat-egy inside Yemen that is deliberately using disease and starvation and the withdrawal of humanitarian support as a tactic. Last night, the House of Representa-tives passed a nonbinding resolution making clear that there is no legal au-thorization for U.S. participation in the Saudi-led campaign against the Yemeni people. Importantly, the reso-lution also made clear that there are multiple bad actors in Yemen today. The vast majority of cholera cases today—I think upwards of 80 percent— are in Houthi-controlled areas. But the Houthis do not have clean hands, and their patrons, the Iranians, do not have clean hands. There have been human rights abuses and attacks on civilian targets by the Houthi forces as well. The Iranians should stand down im-mediately, as should the Saudis, as they continue to whip up this proxy war between regional powers that is killing civilians inside Yemen, but without U.S. leadership in the region, there is no hope for that stand-down to happen. In the Obama administration, at least Secretary Kerry was actively, personally engaged in trying to bring some resolution to the civil war inside Yemen. But since President Trump took office and Secretary Tillerson be-came Secretary of State, there is zero U.S. leadership on this question. We don’t have an Assistant Secretary of State for the Middle East. We don’t have any envoy for this crisis. All we have is a President who says that the Saudi Government knows what it is doing. That kind of unconditional endorse-ment of intentional humanitarian pain is un-American. We have stood up time and time again for human rights all across the world. We have been the peo-ple who deliver humanitarian salvation to people who are at risk of disease and famine and death. And instead of res-cuing the people of Yemen during this moment of blockade, we are contrib-uting to the deterioration of the qual-ity of life inside that country. The Saudi blockade needs to end today. And a partial lifting of the blockade is not enough. This morning, the coalition did say they are going to allow some humanitarian access to the ports they control, but we need access to the ports near where the majority of the population actually lives— Hudaydah and Saleef. Allowing access to the ports that the Saudis control— which are not the ports where the ma-jority of humanitarian aid flows through—is not sufficient. It will not do the job. Medicine and vaccinations will continue to dry up. Price spikes will continue to go through the roof. The cholera epidemic will continue. We have a responsibility as a nation to ensure that the coalition, of which we are a part, is not using starvation as a weapon of war. This will be a stain on the conscience of our Nation if we continue to remain silent. I hope the Senate takes the same action that the House did. I hope we make clear that there is no legal authorization for the United States to be part of a war inside Yemen. Congress has not given the au-thorization for this President to en-gage in these military activities. By the way, the civil war inside Yemen has aided the enemies we actu-ally have declared war against. Al- Qaida is getting stronger inside Yemen because, as more and more of the coun-try becomes ungovernable because of this war, al-Qaida is moving into that territory. ISIS—against which we have not declared war, but we are engaged in active military activity in the region— is getting stronger there too. So even if you don’t believe there is a humanitarian imperative attached to U.S. withdrawal from this coalition, there is a national security imperative because we are just strengthening the most lethal elements of the extremist movement worldwide. I know many other Members of this body on both sides of the aisle feel as strongly about this as I do. We are not going to get leadership on this question from the administration. They have given a blank check to the Saudis. They have turned a blind eye to this epidemic inside Yemen—an epidemic that is getting worse by the day since the Saudi blockade began. Leadership will have to come from this body. We need to make clear to the admin-istration that they do not have the au-thority to continue to participate in this military coalition. We need to press the administration to tell the Saudis to end this blockade. We need to start using our ability as appropriators and authorizers to send messages to the Saudis that this kind of conduct cannot continue. We have tools at our disposal to lead as a Congress on this question—the world’s worst humani-tarian catastrophe happening right now, as we speak, getting worse by the hour inside Yemen. This Congress, this Senate, cannot remain silent. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I rise today to oppose Steven Bradbury’s nomination to serve as general counsel at the Department of Transportation. The general counsel position at DOT oversees and makes critical judgments about legal work that impacts public safety, development, and innovation that drives our economy. Unfortu-nately, Mr. Bradbury’s previous ac-tions during his time at the Depart-ment of Justice showed that he lacks the judgment and commitment to our shared values that are a prerequisite for any lawyer privileged to serve the people of the United States of America. During his time as the acting head of the Department of Justice’s Office of Legal Counsel, Mr. Bradbury was one of three primary lawyers who helped lay the groundwork for the Bush ad-ministration’s defense of what they de-scribed as ‘‘enhanced interrogation techniques.’’ The so-called torture memos that Mr. Bradbury helped write were used to justify the Bush adminis-tration’s decision to use torture that included extreme sleep deprivation, cramped confinement, and waterboarding. Mr. Bradbury helped find legal loopholes that were an af-front to our American values. And he failed to fulfill the special responsi-bility all lawyers have to the quality of justice in our legal system. Mr. Bradbury’s past government service reflects a lack of sound legal judgment. In fact, a 2009 review by the Department of Justice raised questions about the objectivity and reasonable-ness of the conclusions found in the memos he authored. Rather than standing up for our values and laws, Mr. Bradbury deferred to the wishes and pressure of the President he was serving. Furthermore, during his confirma-tion hearing, when referring to his legal justification for these so-called enhanced interrogation techniques, Mr. Bradbury stated: ‘‘If I had my druthers, I wouldn’t have engaged in having to address those issues.’’ If Mr. Bradbury preferred to not en-gage in tough legal questions at the time, then he should not have been serving in the Office of Legal Counsel, and he should not be confirmed for a general counsel position now. By defi-nition, the job of general counsel is to deal with difficult legal questions. It is clear Mr. Bradbury is unwilling to provide the sound legal judgement and impartiality necessary for this role. He has demonstrated, in the past, that his legal analysis is flawed, he lacks a commitment to America’s val-ues, and his actions have had truly dangerous implications for our Nation. I will oppose this nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.009 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7192 November 14, 2017 
CONFIRMATION OF DEREK KAN  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I have sought recognition to note last night’s strong bipartisan vote of 90 to 7 to con-firm Derek Kan’s nomination. I am very happy that Mr. Kan is now able to take up the duties of Under Secretary for Transportation Policy at the De-partment of Transportation after a long, entirely unnecessary delay. As I stated on the floor last week, it is truly unfortunate that it took 4 months and the engagement of the clo-ture process to confirm this well-quali-fied nominee, who obviously has strong bipartisan support. I hope that last night’s vote will sig-nal to those who are holding other well-qualified nominees to the Depart-ment—including the nomination of Ronald Batory to be Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration and the nomination of Adam Sullivan to be Assistant Secretary of Transpor-tation for Legislative Affairs—over funding for the multibillion dollar Gateway Project in New York and New Jersey that their strategy is misplaced and depriving the Department of the very expertise needed to make progress on Gateway and a host of other critical issues. Mr. President, I have also sought rec-ognition to voice my strong support for the nomination of Steven Bradbury to be general counsel at the U.S. Depart-ment of Transportation. Mr. Bradbury has had an extraordinary legal career in both the private and public sector, and he is well prepared to address the many challenging legal questions that will come before the Department. Mr. Bradbury is currently a litiga-tion partner at the Dechert law firm here in Washington, DC, and his prac-tice focuses on regulatory enforcement and investigations, rulemakings, and judicial review of agency actions, as well as appellate cases and antitrust matters. From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Bradbury head-ed the Office of Legal Counsel at the Department of Justice, the office that provides essential legal advice to the President and the heads of executive departments and agencies. In that role, he received the Edmund J. Randolph Award and the Secretary of Defense Medal for Outstanding Pub-lic Service, among other awards. Be-fore serving in the Justice Department, he worked in private practice for 10 years and clerked for Justice Clarence Thomas on the U.S. Supreme Court and for Judge James L. Buckley on the D.C. Circuit. On June 28, 2017, the Commerce Com-mittee held a hearing on his nomina-tion, and we reported his nomination favorably on August 2. Last night, the Senate invoked cloture on his nomina-tion. At his nomination hearing, a number of our Democrat colleagues raised con-cerns over Mr. Bradbury’s suitability for this position, mostly focusing on a number of opinions he wrote regarding interrogation policies while at the Jus-tice Department. I do not doubt the sincerity of those who question the Bush administra-tion’s approach to detainee treatment in the wake of the horrific attacks of 9/ 11. I know that these concerns are not limited to a single party. Nevertheless, I would suggest that Mr. Bradbury has demonstrated a will-ingness to reexamine the difficult deci-sions made at that time in a manner that underscores the thoughtfulness he would bring to the position to which he has been nominated. For example, after he became the head of the Office of Legal Counsel in 2004, he participated in decisions to withdraw and supersede previous legal opinions addressing interrogation poli-cies that had been issued by his prede-cessors. In response to questions for the record from some of my committee col-leagues, Mr. Bradbury elaborated on this topic. Specifically, he said: 
I support the McCain-Feinstein Amend-ment, enacted by Congress in 2015, which mandates that all agencies of the U.S. gov-ernment are limited to use of the Army Field Manual in the interrogation of detainees and which prohibits the use of physical coercion. I believe the McCain-Feinstein Amendment represents a historic policy decision and a moral judgment for the United States, and it reaffirms America’s leadership on interroga-tion policy and practice. The clear mandate of the McCain-Feinstein Amendment appro-priately elevates and vindicates the compel-ling principle of reciprocity in the treatment of captured U.S. service men and women. 
Mr. Bradbury went on to say: 
Twelve years ago, when I was called upon to advise on the legality of proposed interro-gation policies for use by intelligence offi-cers, the McCain-Feinstein Amendment had not been enacted, and it was understood at that time that intelligence agencies oper-ated under a different, less well defined, legal regime from the U.S. Armed Services. I did my best to pull back previous OLC opin-ions that were overly broad or otherwise flawed; to limit OLC’s advice to the nar-rowest grounds necessary and avoid reliance on expansive interpretations of presidential power; to spell out very clearly the specific factual assumptions on which the advice de-pended, including the particular conditions, limitations, and safeguards that were re-quired as part of the policies; and to describe in detail the specifics of those policies so that the senior decision makers on the Prin-cipals Committee of the National Security Council would be fully apprised of precisely what they were being asked to approve. The OLC opinions I prepared on these issues are no longer operative, and the law has changed. I welcome the statutory changes enacted by Congress. 
In sum, I believe that Mr. Bradbury has fully addressed these concerns. It is also worth noting that Mr. Bradbury’s nomination has received the endorsement of many bipartisan leaders. During his confirmation proc-ess, the committee received letters of support signed by more than 50 former government officials, including former Transportation Secretaries Rodney Slater and Norm Mineta; former Attor-neys General Ed Meese, William Barr, and Michael Mukasey; former counsel to the President Fred Fielding; former National Security Advisor Stephen Hadley; former Solicitors General Ted Olson, Paul Clement, Greg Garre; and many others. He also received the sup-port of nearly 20 State attorneys gen-eral from across the country. Finally, I would also like to address the concerns raised about Mr. Bradbury’s representation of the U.S. subsidiary of Takata in connection with the airbag inflator ruptures before the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Mr. Bradbury has agreed to go be-yond the requirements of his ethics agreement to recuse himself from all aspects of the Takata airbag inflator recalls for the duration of Mr. Bradbury’s tenure as general counsel at the Department of Transportation. Because Mr. Bradbury has agreed to go well beyond what is required by fed-eral ethics laws and regulations, and well beyond the ethics agreement he signed with the Office of Government Ethics with respect to the Takata air-bag inflator recall, I am satisfied that he has more than adequately dealt with conflict of interest concerns and recusals. Moreover, as I have noted, Mr. Bradbury has received bipartisan sup-port for his nomination, including from former Transportation Secretary Rod-ney Slater and former Transportation Secretary Norm Mineta. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to support the nomination of Steven Bradbury to be general counsel for the Department of Transportation. Ms. HASSAN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. CRUZ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE GOALS OF NATIONAL ADOPTION DAY AND NATIONAL ADOPTION MONTH Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, Senator K
LOBUCHAR and I are here to talk about National Adoption Month. I think we started a little bit late, so by unanimous consent, I ask that we be allowed to extend our closing time by the same number of minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, it is good for both of us and our colleagues to be thinking this month about National Adoption Month, to recognize the cele-bration of National Adoption Day, which will occur this Saturday. I have had the great privilege of serving as co-chair of the Coalition on Adoption with Senator K
LOBUCHAR from Minnesota. It is an opportunity not only for us to work together in a bipartisan way, but at an event we attended just the other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.001 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7193 November 14, 2017 
day, I was told the adoption caucus in the House and Senate is the biggest caucus of either body and the biggest caucus of the Congress. Of course, it should be. It is built on the idea that kids have the need of a family and that there are families out there who want to adopt kids. Whether that is nation-ally, domestically, or internationally, we really work hard to try to make that more possible. Our House cochairs have been great to work with. Senator K
LOBUCHAR and I are working on several pieces of legis-lation right now to make it easier for families to adopt and to make sure adopted families have the support they need to stay strong. One piece of legislation we are work-ing on is the Adoption Tax Credit Refundability Act. It is a little bit out-side the norm of the discussion of sim-plifying the Tax Code, but I was pleased the other day to have some im-portant evidence put on the table when the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee—who, by the way, is an adoptive father of two sons and an advocate for adoption and for kids— when the current adoption tax credit was not in the House bill, he said one of the reasons it is not here is so many families who adopt kids don’t pay in-come tax because of the low level of their income. My thought was, well, that is exactly what Senator K
LO-
BUCHAR and I were saying. That should be a refundable credit as well as a cred-it, but I am glad to see the current credit back in the tax bill that the Fi-nance Committee is looking at now. We want to continue to look at not only the current credit but expanding that. According to the Department of Health and Human Services, one-third of all adopted children live in families with an annual household income at or below 200 percent of the poverty level. It is because of that the tax burden is low. They don’t pay income taxes. The adoption tax credit isn’t as helpful to those families as it is to families who actually have income tax to credit it against. More than 400,000 children now in the United States are also in the foster care system, and more than 100,000 of those 400,000 kids are ready and waiting for families they can call their own. Lots of other children need to be in families all over the world, but we can be looking carefully at the children in our system now. We both looked—and others have joined us in that—at the foster care system and ensuring behav-ioral health screening happens within 30 days of getting into that system. Once you get into the foster care sys-tem, often it is because of unavoidable challenges families face, and often it is because of challenges kids should never have to face. So that early evaluation of what is going on there can really make a difference in how foster kids are dealt with in the system and how they get ready—as 100,000 of them now are—to leave the foster care system and be adopted. Before I turn to Senator KLOBUCHAR , I just want to mention some kids right now who are on what is called the Mis-souri Heart Gallery. More than 1,200 Missouri children are in need of perma-nent homes. The Missouri Heart Gal-lery is a place to look, as we approach the end of this year, to see what the stories of some of these kids are. Brandon, for instance, who is 12, loves to play games. LEGO sets are his favorite toy. He likes to smile and give hugs. He probably hasn’t gotten enough hugs in his life up until now, but it is possible to try your best to catch up with kids who need hugs. He needs a stable and loving family. He is often playing outside. It would be wonderful if he were playing outside a house or a home that he knew was a permanent home for him. Shaniah and Shanae are sisters who hope to be placed together, and they hope to have a chance to maintain con-tact with their aunt following place-ment. Shaniah loves dancing and cheerleading. Her favorite color is green. She hopes to be a scientist one day. Shanae’s favorite hobby is sing-ing, and she makes friends really easily between her dancing and singing skills that she shares with her sister. Both of these girls would really bring a lot of life and vitality into what we would hope would be their family forever. Brandon, Shaniah, and Shanae are in need of permanent and loving homes. This is a time when we ought to be thinking not only about the obstacles to adoption, the things that encourage adoption but also how we can make the support system for both adoption and foster care and adoption out of foster care work better. I know my colleagues will be eager to join Senator K
LOBUCHAR and me in marking November as National Adop-tion Month and by passing our resolu-tion today. I turn to my friend from Minnesota Senator K
LOBUCHAR . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, first of all, I would like to thank Sen-ator B
LUNT for his leadership. We have worked side by side on these issues for so many years, and I am really pleased—as he noted—that there has been a lot of focus on this issue of the adoption tax credit and not only how it needs to be fixed in any tax bill and make sure it is maintained, but, in fact, it should be expanded on. I thank him. We have both been advocating for that. One of the reasons I am so involved in this issue is, in my State of Min-nesota, we have historically had a lot of adoptions. One is international adop-tions. We have one of the highest rates of international adoptions in the coun-try. We have families who have opened their hearts to kids from Vietnam to Guatemala, to Nepal, to Haiti. I have had the opportunity to witness the power of adoption firsthand when I served for 8 years as the Hennepin County attorney—which is the largest prosecutor’s office in our State. We also have civil jurisdiction so one of the things I worked on was speeding up the amount of time it took for foster kids to get out and into permanent homes. I was able to see firsthand those loving parents who would do any-thing to bring these kids into their families. When you see it internation-ally, it just breaks your heart if it goes on for years and years and years. Right now, domestically, over 425,000 children are living without permanent families in our foster care system. Over 110,000 of these kids are eligible for adoption. One of the reasons Senator BLUNT and I came together today is to make people aware that, yes, there is international adoption—it is so impor-tant—but there are also kids right here in America who would love to be taken in by a family. That is part of the theme of our Adoption Month for the country. We have tackled a number of issues over the last few years, along with former Senator Landrieu of Louisiana. One of them was the International Adoption Simplification Act, which was a big help in terms of making sure that older children weren’t left behind when younger siblings were adopted. I worked on that bill with Senator I
NHOFE ; then, Senators B LUNT and Lan-drieu and I introduced the Accuracy for Adoptees Act, which helps greatly to ensure that families don’t have to fight with foreign authorities to get their kids’ documents changed. We are also working on some of the international issues now because of the slowdown in international adoptions and the work that we can do there. We look forward to working with the State Department and other agencies on that. One of the best parts of our job is helping a family in our home State with an adoption. Recently, I got to visit a family in the western suburbs of Minnesota. For years, they had been waiting to adopt two Ethiopian boys. We worked really hard on this, as the halt of adoptions out of Ethiopia af-fected more than 200 American fami-lies; one of them was David and Katie Norton. Because of the work that was done and the push that was made, a number of these kids came home to their families. I got to swing on a tire swing with these two rather fun boys who, every day, like to put on their bicycle hel-mets just because they think that is cool, and they wear them around the backyard. We had a great time with them. There are other children, and it makes you realize how close to home this is and how pleased we are to wel-come these kids to American families. That is what National Adoption Month is all about. We want more kids to be able to swing on tire swings, so we will continue to work with the foster care system, as well as the international 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.012 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7194 November 14, 2017 
adoption system, to make this a re-ality for more and more orphans across the world. I thank Senator B
LUNT for his leader-ship, and we look forward to working on this issue for many years to come. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I thank Senator K
LOBUCHAR . We will continue to work on this. We are glad it is so well-received and these are issues our colleagues pay close attention to. Whether it is domestic or inter-national, we are going to continue to find ways to open the doors to more homes and to get access to more tire swings. I look forward to that work. Mr. President, as in legislative ses-sion, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 331, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 331) expressing sup-port for the goals of National Adoption Day and National Adoption Month by promoting national awareness of adoption and the chil-dren awaiting families, celebrating children and families involved in adoption, and en-couraging the people of the United States to secure safety, permanency, and well-being for all children. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 331) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RECESS Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess as under the previous order until 2:15 p.m. today. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:19 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mrs. C
APITO ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, I am here to respond to the nomi-nation of Steven Bradbury for a senior legal position in the U.S. Department of Transportation. I have had some ex-perience with Mr. Bradbury, and in my experience, he is disqualified from serv-ing in a legal government position of trust, such as he has been nominated for. The Bush administration pursued a policy of detainee mistreatment that since has been acknowledged to include torture of detainees. The process that got the United States of America into a place where it was torturing detain-ees was a legal process that was full of mistakes and failures by the Office of Legal Counsel at the Department of Justice—by Mr. Bybee, by Mr. Yoo, and, following them, by Mr. Bradbury. Let’s start with just a word on the Office of Legal Counsel. Within the De-partment of Justice, the Office of Legal Counsel is seen as being the best of the best. The Department of Justice prides itself on attracting, training, and per-fecting the skills of the best lawyers in America. As a U.S. Attorney, I had the privi-lege of serving with a lot of absolutely spectacularly skilled lawyers and trial advocates just in the small Rhode Is-land U.S. attorney’s office and working with others from the Department of Justice, and I have a very, very high opinion of Department of Justice law-yers and Department of Justice lawyering. But even within the expec-tation that the Department of Justice lawyering will be first rate, the Office of Legal Counsel is supposed to be a cut above. These are people who go into that office with the possibility that they will become U.S. Supreme Court Justices. These are people who come out of clerkships on the U.S. Supreme Court—one of the highest academic achievements a law student can have— and end up joining the Office of Legal Counsel. The Office of Legal Counsel ought to be held to a very high stand-ard. What happened when the Office of Legal Counsel was asked to take a look at the CIA torture program in the Bush administration was that it fell down or rolled over in virtually every respect. The factual investigation into what the CIA was actually doing was weak and ineffectual. The legal investigation into the past, into precedents, was—as I said in previous speeches at the time—fire-the-associate quality legal work. It is particularly bad coming from the Office of Legal Counsel be-cause the Office of Legal Counsel is supposed to be the best of the best. It is hard to say that these guys failed having tried their best. They just weren’t smart enough to figure it out. They just weren’t working hard enough. They just didn’t know enough about legal research or scholarship. So, you know, nice try but you blew it, but no harm in it because we don’t expect much of you to begin with. That is certainly not the case with OLC. The array of memos that the OLC wrote—the Bybee, Yoo, and Bradbury memos—were calamitous failures of historical and legal research. For one thing, they failed to recognize and re-port that there had been prosecutions of Japanese military officers after World War II for torturing American soldiers. One of the techniques of tor-ture for which those Japanese soldiers were prosecuted and convicted as tor-turers, as war criminals, was the use of the waterboard. You may be able to say that there were some different jus-tifications. You may be able to say that there were some different cir-cumstances, but to not even mention that, to not even do the research to find out that had taken place is a pret-ty bad legal failing. One of the reasons was that they kept it so close hold that they didn’t let military lawyers know what they were doing. One could argue that there is consciousness of guilt there, that they didn’t want other lawyers to know what they were doing because they knew that what they were doing was shoddy legal work and they didn’t want to be caught out in it. In fact, ulti-mately, a lot of those opinions were withdrawn. The fact of the matter is that it was a failure to properly inform the Presi-dent of the United States about this history of our country actually pros-ecuting Japanese soldiers for the type of conduct that the Department of Jus-tice was approving that the CIA engage in. It wasn’t just prosecutions of Japa-nese soldiers by American military tri-bunals. There were also prosecutions of American soldiers in the Philippines by courts-marshal for torture. Guess what. The conduct involved was waterboarding. Again, perhaps you can say that there were some differences, that there were some distinctions, but the fact is, in memo after memo—including the wrapup memo that Bradbury wrote— that was not discussed. It was not dis-closed, and it was not discussed. You may say: Well, you know, it is asking an awful lot of the Office of Legal Counsel to go and look at his-tory, to go and look at the practice of our military in prosecuting adversary officers or in prosecuting our own sol-diers. After all, we are just the Depart-ment of Justice. That is the Depart-ment of Defense. What could we pos-sibly learn from that? Well, obviously, that would be wrong and, obviously, that would be a mis-take, particularly when you look across that boundary to military law and see these examples right on point that they did not bother to discuss or disclose. Then, it gets better still. The OLC memos failed to disclose prosecutions by the Department of Justice for waterboarding. This is not some case that never got reported someplace, that was just a trial, and you would have to look deep into your own records to try to find out what took place—perhaps, without a reported de-cision, just a verdict from the jury. This was a case that was extensively documented with writings by the trial court judge, a U.S. district judge in the State of Texas, that went up on appeal to the circuit court of appeals, and the U.S. circuit court of appeals wrote a decision on appeal of the district court’s decision. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.013 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7195 November 14, 2017 
What were the facts? The facts were that there was a local sheriff. His last name was Lee. So the case was named United States v. Lee. Mr. Lee had gone into the business of waterboarding prisoners—strapping them in a chair, tipping them back, and pouring water over their faces to give the illusion of drowning. The court’s decision over and over describes this conduct as tor-ture. If you use legal search tools and look for the words ‘‘water’’ and ‘‘tor-ture,’’ United States v. Lee comes up, and it is a circuit court of appeals deci-sion. How could they miss it? There are only two explanations that I can come up with. One is that they really did a shoddy job of workmanship, that they didn’t bother to do basic legal research. That is why I have described this in the past as fire-the-associate quality work. If you haven’t done the basic legal re-search to determine what the cases are on point on the question of whether the use of water on bound prisoners is tor-ture, you haven’t done much of a good job. The problem is that scenario is ac-tually the best case scenario. The best case scenario is that they did such slip-shod work at the Office of Legal Coun-sel that they didn’t find a U.S. circuit court of appeals decision on point to the question upon which the OLC was advising the President of the United States. That is the best case scenario. The worst case scenario is that they did find it and decided not to talk about it in their memos because you can read United States v. Lee and put it against those OLC memos, and I think any rational reader will find them impossible to correlate. There is a real possibility that the Office of Legal Counsel decided that, because Cheney had decided on this torture program and because they were embarked on this torture program, they were going to have to deliver the legal opinion that allowed it to con-tinue. If it meant ignoring a case that proved their opinion wrong, they were going to ignore the case, and they were going to go ahead with the opinion. As you can imagine, that is considerably worse than simply not finding the case. We have never had a very good de-scription of how this all came out. There was an OPR report from the De-partment of Justice that heaped con-demnation on the various players here, but ultimately this question of what the obligation is of an OLC lawyer to fairly disclose what the relevant case law is in writing an OLC opinion was never reached. It was never reached be-cause, at the end of this long and ardu-ous process, the Department of Justice made, I think, a terrible decision. There is a rule of professional con-duct that is called the rule of candor to the tribunal. If you are a lawyer and you are going before a judge, you have an obligation to state the law fairly and accurately to the judge. If you are not being truthful to the judge about what the law is, that is a violation of professional conduct for which lawyers can be sanctioned. It applies to lawyers across the board. A hard-working law-yer with six or seven files under his arms, piling into a State district court to maybe run through three or four cases in that day before a busy judge, has the obligation of candor, and it in-cludes an obligation to do adequate re-search, to actually have looked up the case law and to disclose it to the judge so that you are not misleading the court about the state of the law. That applies to lawyers across the country. The busiest, most distracted local law-yer and just a guy with a practice, maybe in a strip mall, who buzzes into court with a bunch of files under his arms—that lawyer is under that same obligation. Yet the Office of Legal Counsel—this high temple of lawyering, this ‘‘best of the best’’ of the Department of Jus-tice—made the decision that those law-yers, in their providing advice to the President of the United States, did not have the same obligation of candor that an ordinary, day-to-day, working lawyer in a local courthouse had to that local judge. I believe that rule has since been re-versed, and it is very good that it has been reversed because I think the President of the United States is enti-tled to at least the level of candor from these ‘‘best of the best’’ lawyers at the Office of Legal Counsel that a local judge is from the hard-working, over-burdened, day-to-day lawyers who ap-pear in front of him or her. That is not what the President got, not from this Office of Legal Counsel, not from Steve Bradbury. Again, I don’t know that we will ever know because that decision by the De-partment put to an end the investiga-tion of the question of whether this failure amounted to professional mal-practice by the OLC lawyers, but the options aren’t great. These lawyers ei-ther did not do the work to discover the military tribunals, the courts-mar-tial, and the Texas criminal prosecu-tion by the Department of Justice, or, worse yet, they did discover those things and deliberately withheld that information so that they could give the opinion they thought they were sup-posed to give. It is about the worst thing a lawyer in that position could do, and until that is cleared up, I could not possibly support the nomination of Steven Bradbury to any position of trust in the Government of the United States. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
TEXAS CHURCH MASS SHOOTING  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, 2 days ago, I visited the community of Sutherland Springs, TX, which is a small, rural community about 35 miles from San Antonio, TX. We all remem-ber the terrible shooting that occurred there just over a week ago at the First Baptist Church, an event that those in Sutherland Springs and across Texas and maybe even across the Nation will never forget. I hope we never forget it because I believe that those events were, by and large, preventable, and I will explain more about that in a mo-ment. What I saw during my visit and what I found to be so remarkable is that the community has already started the healing process. Already, the church building that was riddled with bullets and the bodies of people who were killed and injured has been turned into a memorial which will forever mark the terrible events of that day and honor the lives of those who lost their lives. After an excruciating trial that the rest of us cannot even begin to com-prehend, the attitude in Sutherland Springs is incredibly hopeful and resil-ient. First Baptist held its Sunday service just 7 days after the congrega-tion lost 26 of its members. Can you imagine that—just a week later, show-ing up for another church service a week after a gunman shot up the church, killing 26 people and injuring 20 more. I went there for no other purpose than to lend a shoulder to the mourn-ing and to try to offer what little en-couragement I could. Strangely, what happened is that the reverse occurred: They gave me more hope and inspira-tion than I ever could have imagined. This shows how the shooter’s ultimate plan failed. Evil never triumphs. Just ask Pastor Mark Collins, who pointed out that the First Baptist Church has been open for nearly 100 years but that on Sunday, the con-gregation smashed its alltime attend-ance record. Ask Pastor Frank Pomeroy, who lost his 14-year-old daughter in the attack but was already back doing the Lord’s work of consoling other members of his church when he himself lost his own 14- year-old daughter. Pastor Pomeroy said: ‘‘We have the freedom to choose, and rather than choose darkness, like the young man did that day, we choose the light.’’ He said: ‘‘Love never fails.’’ It was an emotional service, to be sure. It was an honor and, as I said, an inspiration to join the Sunday worship service and to visit the church that has been transformed into that stunningly beautiful memorial to commemorate the victims. The day before, I had had a chance to visit with a number of victims—and their family members—who are recov-ering in local area hospitals. We cannot forget them as they continue to heal or forget the rest of the 20 who were wounded by the gunman that day—a man who was clearly deranged, was a convicted felon, someone who had been hospitalized for mental illness and had escaped, and someone who had been found guilty of domestic violence against his wife, including the frac-turing of his infant stepson’s skull. We now know that when it comes to the shooter, there were plenty of warn-ing signs. The gunman’s former col-league has said that he was always on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.015 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7196 November 14, 2017 
edge and that he scared her both while he was in the Air Force and through disturbing social media posts after-ward. There were multiple red flags along the way—school suspensions, threats of killing his superiors, depres-sion, the abuse of animals, choking his wife, as I said, fracturing his stepson’s skull, and doing time in a military prison. One thing is abundantly clear: We can do more when it comes to spot-ting these flags, including in the mili-tary. Where the law currently provides that an individual who is convicted of a felony or convicted of domestic vio-lence or somebody who has been found to be mentally ill by a court—we can make sure and do better to make sure that those individuals do not purchase a firearm. Current law disqualifies them, but unless the results are uploaded on the FBI’s background check system, there is no way to catch them when they lie. They are asked when they purchase a firearm at a fire-arms dealer: Have you ever been con-victed of a felony? Have you ever been convicted of domestic violence? Have you ever been committed for mental illness? If they lie and the background check system is simply silent, then there is no way to know and no way to stop them, and that is what happened to this shooter. We know now that the Air Force and the other branches of the military are considering what additional steps to take to make sure this never happens again. I appreciate their prompt re-sponse, but it should never have come down to this. Now we have to do our part to ensure that this sort of preventable disaster never happens again. Don’t get me wrong—I don’t believe we can somehow wave a magic wand or pass a law that will prevent manmade disasters in every instance in the future, but this one could have been prevented. We could have kept this shooter from buy-ing a firearm through a legal firearms dealer. If the background check system had been accurate, he would not have been able to do so. Today, I plan to introduce legislation to ensure that Federal agencies report and upload criminal records onto the background check system—records that are already required to be so but often that are not. As we know, this was a major problem that led to the rampage in Sutherland Springs. My bill would also reauthorize the two primary grant programs that help the States re-port and upload their own records and incentivize States to improve overall compliance. We know that just down the road in Virginia a few years ago, the records of a young man who had been adjudicated as mentally ill by the State of Virginia had never been uploaded into the back-ground check system. Like this shooter in Sutherland Springs, when he went to purchase a firearm, there was never a hit on the FBI’s background check sys-tem, and he simply lied about his men-tal health record. It has been estimated that some 7 million records—including at least 25 percent of felony convictions and a large number of convictions for mis-demeanor domestic violence—have not been posted on the background check system. That is outrageous. I doubt that any of us knew this beforehand, but we know it now, and it is within our power to fix it. We can all agree that this has to change and that this cannot stand. Let me be clear. I think that law- abiding gun owners, under the Second Amendment, can and should be allowed to purchase and possess firearms. As somebody who enjoys hunting and sports and shooting, I believe that every law-abiding American should possess the same right that I have to purchase firearms for recreation, for hunting, or for defending our families or property. In fact, that is what hap-pened in Sutherland Springs. Suther-land Springs proves why guns can save lives when in the hands of law-abiding citizens. But if you have a long, docu-mented history of dangerous behavior, if you are convicted of committing vio-lent acts, under the law, you are not allowed to have guns. Today, we have to ensure that those laws will be en-forced, and my bill will help to do that. This is really an incredible story. When I went to Sutherland Springs, I learned more about Stephen Willeford, whom I have spoken about before. Ste-phen Willeford lived about a block from the First Baptist Church, and he heard the shooting. I think it was his daughter who alerted him to it. He got his AR–15 out of the gun safe in his home, and he ran about a block away while barefoot. He saw the shooter exit the church. He, in turn, decided that it was up to him because there was not anybody else to stop him. Mr. Willeford, fortunately, is an NRA-certified shooting instructor and an expert marksman, and he shot and wounded the person who committed this mass atrocity, who then dropped his firearm, got in a truck, and led him on a high-speed chase. Thanks to Mr. Willeford and another Good Samaritan, they chased that shooter until ulti-mately the shooter took his own life. That shows you what can happen when law-abiding citizens—gun owners—can come to the aid of others. When the po-lice are not present and there is nobody else around, Good Samaritans can help save lives. 
TAX REFORM  
Madam President, I would like to shift to a separate topic that the Sen-ate will be addressing this week, and that is tax reform. Last Thursday, the Senate Finance Committee introduced our proposal that would enable more Americans to keep more of their hard-earned pay-checks—send less of their money to Uncle Sam here in Washington, DC. Yesterday, the Senate Finance Com-mittee on which I serve began the markup with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act with a series of opening state-ments. Soon—tomorrow, perhaps— members of the committee will have an opportunity to consider and debate more than 300 filed amendments. This morning, during the pro-ceedings, some of my colleagues across the aisle complained about the process. They said: This isn’t a bipartisan bill. I said: That is because you have re-fused so far to participate in the proc-ess. They said: The bill is secret. I said: Well, you are going to have an opportunity to see it, read it, amend it, and debate it on the Senate floor and in committee. They then had the audacity to claim that this was all just a giveaway to corporations. I suppose what they would rather see is American jobs go overseas because our punitive Tax Code punishes those businesses in the United States with the highest tax rate in the world at 35 percent. Countries such as Ireland, the U.K., and others have low-ered their tax rates and lured Amer-ican businesses, investment, and job creators overseas. Are we supposed to ignore that and accept it? It would be absolutely irresponsible to do so. Unfortunately, I think some of our Democratic colleagues feel this is more about political posturing than it is about getting the economy growing again or seeing more money in our pay-checks, more money that people can use for their family, for school, for re-tirement, or for whatever reason they want to use it. Under our bill, a family of four at median income, which is roughly $70,000 a year, will see a savings of about 40 percent on their tax bill. That may be chump change to the folks here in Washington, DC, inside the beltway, but for hard-working Texans and hard- working Americans, that is money they can use and put to good use. We owe it to them. If we can come up with a fairer, simpler, more competitive tax code, we owe it to them to do so. I mentioned the 300 amendments that have been filed. It is important to note that Chairman HATCH , just like Chair-man B
RADY in the House Ways and Means Committee, is taking this through the regular legislative process. In other words, anyone who is willing to participate in it can introduce amendments and get a vote on those amendments. You are not guaranteed to win, but you are guaranteed an op-portunity to participate and to shape the product. That is the way the Sen-ate and House are supposed to work. Once both legislative houses come up with their version of the tax bill, we reconcile those in a conference com-mittee before we send it to the Presi-dent. That is what we intend to do sometime before Christmas this year. We have had 70 different hearings in the Senate alone, countless working groups, white papers published. We have been working on this for years. Now we finally have the opportunity to get it done. What is so strange about the criti-cism that I have heard is that many of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.016 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7197 November 14, 2017 
our Democratic colleagues, both past and present, have called for many of the reforms included in this legislation that they are now criticizing. They were for it before they were against it. Their previous support makes sense, because we know tax reform can work. A new study by the Tax Foundation found that our proposal would increase the size of the economy by 3.7 percent. It will increase wages for hard-working American families almost 3 percent. It will create 1 million new jobs. If we re-duce the business rate and don’t chase jobs overseas, we can attract more in-vestment and more job creation here in America. The Tax Foundation esti-mates that this bill will produce nearly 1 million new jobs here in America. It will, incidentally, provide more than $1.2 trillion of lost revenue for the Fed-eral Government, helping us with our deficit and our debt. The study sug-gests that families would see an after- tax income boost of 4.4 percent by the end of the decade. In Texas, for exam-ple, nearly 77,000 jobs are expected to be created by this plan with an income growth for middle-class families sur-passing $2,500 a year. Notably, by repealing the tax on poor Americans known as the individual mandate—half of it is paid by people who earn $25,000 or less, who can’t af-ford to buy the government-mandated health insurance; they pay the penalty. That amounts to a $43 billion tax on poor people in America. We intend to repeal that and let them keep that $43 billion over the next 10 years in addi-tion to the tax relief we are providing here. It is not just the Tax Foundation that has pointed out the positive im-pacts of our plan; the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation has too. Its analysis over last weekend suggests that moderate-income folks—not the high wage earners—would benefit most. In 2019, people in the middle of the in-come spectrum earning between $50,000 and $70,000 would see their taxes fall by 7.1 percent; those earning less—be-tween $20,000 and $30,000—would see in excess of a 10-percent decline in taxes, according to that report. I know our Democratic friends have trotted out their old, tired talking points and claimed that tax relief is only for the wealthy. But these facts show otherwise, and it is not an acci-dent. We tried on purpose to make sure that every taxpayer, every person across the spectrum, no matter what their tax rate, sees a reduction in their taxes. The JCT’s analysis proves that this is real, and while some of our col-leagues can’t resist the temptation to demagogue the issue, I would suggest that a more productive use of their time would be for them to join us to try to make this product even better. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Madam President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of Ste-ven G. Bradbury to be General Counsel of the Department of Transportation. Typically, the Department of Trans-portation has been a bastion of bipar-tisan cooperation. As former Transpor-tation Secretary Norman Mineta said: ‘‘There are no Democratic or Repub-lican highways, no such thing as Demo-cratic or Republican traffic conges-tion.’’ Similarly, it has been the over-whelming position of the U.S. Senate that torture is disqualifying for high office. Mr. Bradbury’s nomination threatens both of these traditions. Based on his role in the approval of enhanced interrogation techniques dur-ing the Bush administration, I believe Mr. Bradbury has failed to demonstrate the judgment that would merit the Senate to advise and consent on his nomination to any post. In addition, I am deeply troubled by his failure to commit to recuse himself from all mat-ters related to his former client, the now-bankrupt airbag manufacturer, Takata, whose products are responsible for at least 16 deaths and 180 injuries. From 2005 to 2009, Mr. Bradbury was the acting head of the Department of Justice’s Office of Legal Counsel and was responsible for coauthoring numer-ous legal memos that authorize tor-ture. During that period, enhanced in-terrogation techniques approved by the Office of Legal Counsel included tech-niques that constituted torture or cruel, inhumane, and degrading treat-ment. We would not accept such tech-niques being used on our servicemen and women held in captivity by our en-emies. Yet Mr. Bradbury approved those techniques and, in doing so, en-dangered our men and women in uni-form, and that danger still exists today. Mr. Bradbury authored four separate memos authorizing the harshest form of detainee abuse, including waterboarding and other forms of cruel, inhuman, and degrading treat-ment. Not only did these legal memos authorize techniques that have been deemed abusive, they provided a green light for those willing to abuse enemy combatants in U.S. custody. Following the revelations of prisoner abuse at Abu Ghraib, the Senate, led by Senator J
OHN MCCAIN, passed the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005 by a vote of 90 to 9. That law prohibited de-tainee abuse by the military and other agencies. However, legal opinions by Mr. Bradbury sought to provide a legal cover for the continued use of tech-niques that ran counter to the intent of that law. Our most respected military leaders have spoken out against the use of these unlawful interrogation techniques. A letter signed by 176 re-tired senior military leaders opposed the kind of torture techniques ap-proved by Mr. Bradbury’s Office of Legal Counsel. Having had the privilege to serve in the Army of the United States, I be-lieve they did this because they under-stood if we did it, our enemies would do it with even more gusto to our men and women, and it would be unconscionable to give them even a shred of credibility to point to and say: We are simply doing what you did to others. Retired Marine Gen. Charles Krulak wrote in opposition to the Bradbury nomination, saying that the use of techniques approved by Mr. Bradbury ‘‘not only violated well-established law and military doctrine, but also endan-gered U.S. troops and personnel, hin-dered the war effort, and betrayed the country’s values, damaging the United States’ stature around the world as a beacon of human rights and the rule of law.’’ That is the voice of one marine, speaking from years of experience in combat, not simply to defend our ideals but to defend those men and women who serve today in uniform. Secretary of Defense Mattis has ex-pressed his full support for the Army Field Manual as the single standard for all U.S. military interrogations and has advised President Trump that such enhanced interrogation techniques are not needed to keep our country safe. Under Mr. Bradbury’s direction, DOJ’s Office of Legal Counsel approved opinions on enhanced interrogation techniques that appear intended to meet the political inclinations of the White House rather than the intent of U.S. laws against such cruelty. Some-one who has justified the use of tor-ture, in spite of an act of Congress, should not be allowed to hold a posi-tion of responsibility in the U.S. Gov-ernment. Indeed, it is for that reason that this body refused to approve Mr. Bradbury as Assistant Attorney Gen-eral for the Office of Legal Counsel in 2008. If approved as the General Counsel of the Department of Transportation, Mr. Bradbury would again be called upon to render legal opinions that require sound and independent judgment. Even forgetting for a moment his history of bending to the political desires of a strong-willed White House, his refusal to completely recuse himself from mat-ters relating to his former client, Takata, means he would enter this of-fice with a cloud of potential conflicts around him. Public service is not an entitlement but a privilege. For Mr. Bradbury, the revolving door should swing shut. His lack of judgment at a critical time in the Nation’s history has disqualified him from the privilege of holding high office in the current or any future ad-ministration. Surely the American people deserve someone who reflects our national val-ues and has demonstrated much better judgment than Mr. Bradbury. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Ms. DUCKWORTH. Madam President, I thank my colleague, the Senator from Rhode Island, and I join him in strong opposition to the nomination of Mr. Steven Bradbury to be the general counsel of the U.S. Department of Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.018 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7198 November 14, 2017 
Mr. Bradbury is a deeply flawed nominee for many reasons, including his unwillingness to recuse himself from issues involving his former cli-ents and dodging commitments to forgo accepting waivers for recusals. However, my opposition to his nomina-tion is rooted in his troubling record while serving at the Department of Justice during the Bush administra-tion. As we know, Mr. Bradbury was Act-ing Attorney General at the Depart-ment of Justice from 2005 to 2007 and led the Office of Legal Counsel there from 2005 to 2009. When he was nomi-nated by President George W. Bush to be Assistant Attorney General in 2004, his nomination was so unacceptable that the majority leader at the time of-fered to confirm 84 stalled nominees in exchange for the withdrawal of his nomination. Let me repeat that. The Senate ma-jority leader at the time was willing to accept 84 other nominees in exchange for President Bush withdrawing Mr. Bradbury’s nomination. What Senators objected to then—and the reason I am so strongly opposed to Mr. Bradbury’s nomination now—is that Mr. Bradbury is the chief archi-tect of the legal justification that au-thorized waterboarding and other forms of enhanced interrogation tech-niques we used to hear a lot about dur-ing the last Bush Presidency. For those who might not be familiar with the term ‘‘enhanced interrogation,’’ there is another term for it that most Ameri-cans probably are familiar with. It is called ‘‘torture.’’ The ‘‘torture memos,’’ as they are commonly referred to today, represent a dark period in our Nation’s recent history that we must never repeat. In my opinion, his connection to these memos alone should disqualify Mr. Bradbury from government service. I understand he is nominated to serve at the Department of Transportation and not the Department of Justice, but his very willingness in the past to aid and abet torture demonstrates a failure of moral character that makes him dan-gerous to the American people and to our troops regardless of which agency he is nominated to serve in. Those tor-ture memos displayed a disturbing dis-regard for the intent of Congress and flouted both international and U.S. law. If confirmed, Mr. Bradbury will swear a solemn oath to serve the interests of the American public by providing hon-est and objective legal analysis to the Department and the administration. I doubt he can carry out that oath. The American Government would, once again, rely on his counsel to make sure Department of Transportation em-ployees do not subvert the law, the in-tent of Congress, or the U.S. Constitu-tion. Unfortunately, he has let both the government and the American people down before, and I have no confidence that he is capable of carrying out this critically important role. Public serv-ants are supposed to serve the public interests, not the political whims of any President, Democratic or Repub-lican. The public should be alarmed by Mr. Bradbury’s history of demonstrating complete deference to a President’s policy goals, and we in the Senate should do everything we can to prevent the likelihood of that history con-tinuing in the Trump administration. For my colleagues who may not be familiar with the programs Mr. Bradbury justified in his legal opinion, let me clarify. Detainees, in his opin-ion, could be sleep-deprived for up to 180 hours—approximately 7
1⁄2days— forced into stress positions. Sometimes they were shackled to the ceiling, sub-jected to rectal rehydration and feed-ing, confined in boxes the size of small dog crates. It was also Mr. Bradbury’s legal opinion that led CIA personnel to conduct mock executions. His legal opinion led to one man being waterboarded to the point that he be-came ‘‘completely unresponsive, with bubbles rising through his open, full mouth.’’ His legal opinion also led to another man being frozen to death. Some of these abuses were authorized; others were not, but brutality, once sanctioned, is not easily contained. In 2005, this body voted 90 to 9 to enact the Detainee Treatment Act to prohibit ‘‘cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment.’’ That law was enacted after the Supreme Court decided that terrorism detainees in U.S. custody were protected by the Ge-neva Conventions. However, Mr. Bradbury still found legal loopholes to allow torture to continue. Even the Department of Justice’s own Office of Professional Responsi-bility criticized him for ‘‘uncritical ac-ceptance’’ of the CIA’s representations about the torture program. This is stunning, and it cannot simply be dis-missed. In testimony before the Senate Judi-ciary Committee in 2007, Mr. Bradbury defended the President’s questionable interpretation of the Hamdan case, a case where the Supreme Court ruled that President Bush did not have the authority to set up military tribunals at Guantanamo Bay, by famously sug-gesting the ‘‘President is always right.’’ This rubberstamp mentality is ex-tremely dangerous, especially in the Trump administration. What will Mr. Bradbury do if President Trump asks him to come up with a legal justifica-tion to abolish laws mandating seat belt use or to come up with ways to ne-gate drunk driving laws? Let me be clear. Mr. Bradbury didn’t make America safer, and he certainly didn’t make our men and women in uniform safer either—quite the oppo-site. The actions Mr. Bradbury helped to justify put our troops and diplomats deployed overseas in greater danger. This is personal to me because per-haps most disturbingly Mr. Bradbury’s efforts to enable torture compromised our Nation’s values. Our Nation’s mili-tary men and women are taught the laws of armed conflict, the proper way to care for detainees, the importance of acting in accordance with American values. Mr. Bradbury’s actions at the Department of Justice undermined those values. This type of twisted legal wrangling done at a desk far from the field of battle puts larger targets on the backs of our troops. If captured, are they now at greater risk of being tortured themselves? How we treat prisoners under our control affects how our troops are treated. Let me read to you Warrant Officer Michael Durant’s account of what hap-pened to him when he was shot down and captured in Mogadishu, Somalia. This is from his book. 
DURANT’S fear of being executed or tor-tured eased after several days in captivity. After being at the center of that enraged mob on the day he crashed, he mostly feared being discovered by the Somalian public. It was a fear shared by Firimbi— 
Who was one of the people guarding him— 
The ‘‘propaganda minister’’ had clearly grown fond of him. It was something Durant worked at, part of his survival training. The two men were together day and night for a week. Firimbi spoke Italian and Durant spoke some Spanish, languages similar enough for them to minimally communicate. Firimbi considered Durant a prisoner of war. He believed that by treating the pilot humanely, he would improve the image of Somalis in America upon his release. 
Mr. Durant talked at length about how he was treated when he was cap-tured in Somalia. He talked about going for days without his wounds being cared for, being dragged out of his downed Black Hawk by a mob. He talked about being beaten. He talked about someone sticking a rifle into his room and firing and shooting him, where he had to pull the round out of his own shoulder. He talked about being shackled. All of that is still better than the treatment that Mr. Bradbury’s jus-tifications allow to happen now. It makes our troops’ jobs harder and more dangerous, and their job is al-ready pretty dangerous. Take it from me, our troops will do any job we ask of them, but we shouldn’t be trying to make those jobs more difficult or dan-gerous than they already are. I can tell you from firsthand experi-ence, as someone who has bled behind enemy lines, legal gymnastics are a luxury not afforded our men and women in the field. They are at battle and, more importantly, these justifica-tions do not protect our troops who are sitting on the floor of a POW cell. When you are stuck bleeding in a heli-copter behind enemy lines, you hope and pray that if the enemy finds you first, they treat you humanely. When I was in flight school, I began the first of several periods when I was trained in the art of survival, escape, evasion, and rescue. All pilots received this training. Then, when we were de-ployed to Iraq, we also, as members of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.019 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7199 November 14, 2017 
the U.S. troops overseas who were iden-tified as most likely at risk of being captured among U.S. troops deployed there, received additional training. This is what the Army told me I could expect upon being captured: I could ex-pect to be raped. I could expect to be beaten. I could expect to be starved. As I sat in my helicopter thanking God that there was another aircraft there to pull me out, even as the enemy were jumping into their pickup trucks, speeding toward us to try to capture us, the very realities of what Mr. Bradbury was justifying happened to me. It is not something that you can look at from the safety and security of a desk in Washington. Our troops face this every single day. This is why this nomination is so incredibly, incredibly troubling. If the warlords in Somalia recognized the Geneva Conventions and treated Chief Warrant Officer Durant’s capture more humanely, what does that say about Mr. Bradbury and his willingness to allow far greater forms of torture than what the Somali warlords were willing to do? Mr. Bradbury lacked the moral con-viction in the Bush White House that Somali warlords possessed in Mogadishu, and I don’t think he can be trusted to stand up for the values I fought to defend, especially not in the current administration. You don’t just need to take my word for it. Mr. Bradbury’s record speaks for itself, but in case this point isn’t clear enough, here is what retired Marine Corps General Charles Krulak wrote to the Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation Committee about this nominee just this year on June 26 of 2017: 
In his role as acting head of the Depart-ment of Justice’s Office of Legal Counsel . . . Mr. Bradbury displayed a disregard for both U.S. and international law when authorizing the use of so-called ‘‘enhanced interrogation techniques’’ to interrogate terrorism sus-pects. 
The general goes on further to say: 
These interrogation techniques, which Mr. Bradbury repeatedly approved, included methods that the United States has ac-knowledged and even prosecuted as torture and cruel, inhuman, and degrading treat-ment. The use of these techniques not only vio-lated well-established law and military doc-trine, but also endangered U.S. troops and personnel, hindered the war effort, and be-trayed the country’s values, damaging the United States’ stature around the world as a beacon for human rights and the rule of law. We know that the United States is strongest when it remains faithful to its core values. The use of torture and cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment undermines those val-ues, and Mr. Bradbury continually rep-resented their use as legal and advisable dur-ing his time serving in the Bush Administra-tion. 
The general goes on to say further: 
In recommending these techniques, Mr. Bradbury also displayed a discomforting def-erence to the executive branch’s wishes, tai-loring his legal recommendations to fit the White House’s preferred outcome, and even testified in a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing that ‘‘the President is always right.’’ Mr. Bradbury’s recommendations also con-tradicted the intent of Congress. In 2005, Congress passed the Detainee Treatment Act with a vote of 90–9. The law prohibited abuse of detainees by the U.S. military and agen-cies, but Mr. Bradbury authored a legal memo specifically designed to undermine the will of Congress and to provide the Bush Ad-ministration with authorization to continue using interrogation methods that constitute torture and cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment. I believe that this is more important than political affiliation. Mr. Bradbury has time and again shown his willingness to con-travene established law and the intent of Congress in service to the will of the execu-tive branch. Though the position to which he is nominated likely will not involve deci-sions on national security issues, I believe that based on his past governmental service, Mr. Bradbury is not fit for this political of-fice. I ask you respectfully to oppose his nomination. That letter is signed: 
Semper Fidelis, C
HARLES C. K RULAK , General, USMC (Ret.) 31st Commandant of the Marine Corps. 
Also opposing Mr. Bradbury’s nomi-nation are 14 former national security law enforcement, intelligence, and in-terrogation professionals whose experi-ence include service in the U.S. mili-tary, the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, the Central Intelligence Agency, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Defense Intelligence Agency, the Army Criminal Investigation Com-mand, and the Naval Criminal Inves-tigative Service. They wrote: 
We write today to express our opposition to the nomination of Mr. Steven Bradbury to serve once again in a position of significant responsibility within the U.S. government as general counsel of the Department of Trans-portation. Our opposition stems from the necessary judgment and personal courage this office re-quires to provide candid and objective legal advice to policymakers that may be seeking politically expedient policy solutions. We dedicated our professional lives to keeping our nation safe. That work de-manded using every resource at our disposal, including and especially our moral author-ity. Our enemies act without conscience. We must not. Mr. Bradbury spent many years serving in the Department of Justice—including as act-ing head of the Office of Legal Counsel—dur-ing the George W. Bush Administration. In this position, he prepared official memo-randa that provided legal cover for other agencies in the U.S. Government to employ a program of interrogation tactics that amounted to torture or cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment. These brutal methods—which included waterboarding—fundamentally violated do-mestic and international law governing de-tainee treatment and caused untold strategic and operational harm to our national secu-rity. As former interrogators, intelligence, and law enforcement professionals with exten-sive firsthand experience in the field of in-terrogation, we were shocked by Mr. Bradbury’s attempt to defend the use of the waterboard and other torture tactics based on the incorrect assertions that their use would not cause severe physical pain or suf-fering and would produce valuable intel-ligence. In our professional judgment, torture and other forms of detainee abuse are not only immoral and unlawful, they are ineffective and counterproductive in gathering reliable intelligence. They also tarnish America’s global standing, undermine critical alli-ances, and bolster our enemies’ propaganda efforts. If the Senate confirms Mr. Bradbury, it would send a clear message to the American public that authorizing the use of torture is not only acceptable, but is not a barrier to advancement into the upper ranks of our government. We understand that Mr. Bradbury did not act alone in authorizing torture, but as his nomination is before you, we ask you to take this opportunity to reaffirm our commit-ment to the ideals we strive to uphold by re-jecting his nomination. Torture is not a partisan issue. Our respect for human dignity is timeless, and we must never risk our national honor to prevail in any war. Your vote to reject this nomination would reflect the morally sound leadership that this country needs and would not for-get. In another letter dated July 27, 2017, to the Commerce Committee, retired U.S. Air Force Col. Steven Kleinman wrote: 
I write to express my deep concerns about confirming Mr. Bradbury to serve once again in a position of significant trust and respon-sibility within the U.S. Government. I do not for a moment question his legal credentials; rather, my apprehension centers around the equally important elements of judgment and personal courage necessary to provide legal advice that might run counter to the positions advocated by his superiors. History records that we have been down this road once before with Mr. Bradbury and he was found sadly wanting. As I trust you are aware, Mr. Bradbury served in senior positions within the Depart-ment of Justice—including as acting head of the Office of Legal Counsel—during the George W. Bush Administration. In that capacity, he prepared official memoranda that provided legal cover for other agencies of the U.S. Government to implement a program of severely coercive in-terrogation practices. These practices included an array of tac-tics—to include waterboarding—that fun-damentally violated domestic and inter-national law prohibiting cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment. As an officer with extensive experience in both strategic interrogation and in training members of the U.S. Armed Forces to resist hostile interrogation, I was taken aback by Mr. Bradbury’s attempt to defend the use of the waterboard based on wholly unfounded conjecture that it would not cause severe physical pain or suffering. If the committee were to favorably report this nomination to the full Senate, it would be sending a clear and undeniable message to the world, and, more importantly, to the American public: Definitive action to sup-port the institutional use of torture is ac-ceptable. Clearly, Mr. Bradbury acted in concert with an untold number of others within our government, and I am not asking that he be singled out for his actions. At the same time, his nomination is the one before you . . . and with it an oppor-tunity for the committee members to act on behalf of all Americans in taking a vital step toward reclaiming the moral high ground. From the perspective of this American, the debate over torture is not one that can be subject to partisan debate. Instead, torture is something that is so inherently wrong and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.020 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7200 November 14, 2017 
so contrary to this nation’s traditional val-ues that it can be one issue around which the entire country—and the U.S. Senate—can rally. Your vote to unfavorably report this nomi-nation to your colleagues would be a much- needed demonstration of ethical leadership that would not soon be forgotten. 
It is signed ‘‘Very Respectfully, Ste-ven M. Kleinman, Colonel, U.S. Air Force, Retired.’’ Former Navy general counsel Alberto Mora wrote: 
While acting as the head of the Office of Legal Counsel, Steven Bradbury proved him-self to be an advocate for the brutal treat-ment of detainees, and then, when the Con-gress enacted the McCain amendment to strengthen the legal prohibitions against cruelty, he counseled the administration on legal strategies on how to circumvent the law and the Congress’s will. In exercising its advice and consent duty with respect to the nominations of senior counsel to serve in this, or any, administra-tion, the Senate should take care to confirm only those individuals with a clear record of respect for the law and for the power of Con-gress as a coordinate and equal branch of government. Steven Bradbury’s record, un-fortunately, demonstrates a disrespect for both. 
In a June 22, 2017, letter to the Com-merce Committee, 14 human rights or-ganizations highlighted their opposi-tion to Mr. Bradbury’s nomination: 
We write to express our serious concerns regarding the nomination of Steven G. Bradbury for general counsel of the Depart-ment of Transportation (DOT). Mr. Bradbury’s role in justifying torture and cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment of individuals held in U.S. custody marked him as an architect of the torture program. Not only should the Senate be concerned about confirming a nominee who had a cen-tral role in the criminal violation of human rights, but his work during that period calls into question his ability to provide the kind of rigorous, independent legal analysis that is required of any top government lawyer. Mr. Bradbury was acting head of the De-partment of Justice’s (DOJ) Office of Legal Counsel (OLC) from 2005 to 2009. During that time, Mr. Bradbury wrote several legal memoranda that authorized waterboarding and other forms of torture and cruel, inhu-man, or degrading treatment. As such, he is most prominently—and correctly—known as one of the authors of the ‘‘torture memos.’’ His analysis directly contradicted relevant domestic and international law regarding the treatment of prisoners and helped estab-lish an official policy of torture and detainee abuse that has caused incalculable damage to both the United States and the prisoners it has held. Mr. Bradbury’s role in the torture pro-gram, even then, was notorious—so much so that the Senate refused to confirm him as assistant attorney general for the Office of Legal Counsel during the Bush Administra-tion. The Senate now knows even more about Mr. Bradbury’s record, and the harm caused by his opinions, based on oversight by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and its report on the Central Intelligence Agen-cy’s use of torture and abuse. In Mr. Bradbury’s time as acting head of the OLC, he demonstrated an unwavering willingness to defer to the authority and wishes of the president and his team instead of providing objective and independent coun-sel. During congressional testimony in 2007, Mr. Bradbury responded to questions about the president’s interpretation of the law of war by declaring, ‘‘The President is always right’’—a statement that is as outrageous as it is inaccurate. The DOJ Office of Professional Responsi-bility reviewed Mr. Bradbury’s ‘‘torture memos’’ and determined they raised ques-tions about the objectivity and reasonable-ness of Mr. Bradbury’s analyses; that Mr. Bradbury relied on uncritical acceptance of executive branch assertions; and that in some cases Mr. Bradbury’s legal conclusions were inconsistent with the plain meaning and commonly held understandings of the law. Senior government officials from the Bush Administration who worked with Mr. Bradbury have said that they had ‘‘grave res-ervations’’ about conclusions drawn in the Bradbury torture memos and have described Mr. Bradbury’s analysis as flawed, saying the memos could be ‘‘considered a work of an advocacy to achieve a desired outcome.’’ Moreover, Mr. Bradbury’s 2007 torture memo was written with the purpose of evad-ing congressional intent and duly enacted Federal law. The Detainee Treatment Act of 2005, legis-lation that passed the Senate with a vote 90– 9, stated, ‘‘No individual in the custody or under the physical control of the United States Government, regardless of nationality or physical location, shall be subject to cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment.’’ However, Mr. Bradbury’s memo explicitly al-lowed the continuation of many of the abu-sive interrogation techniques that Congress intended to prohibit in the DTA. Perhaps most concerning from a congres-sional oversight perspective, Mr. Bradbury affirmatively misrepresented the views of members of Congress to support his legal conclusions. Specifically, in his 2007 memo, he relied on a false claim that when the CIA briefed ‘‘the full memberships of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees and Senator M
CCAIN. . . none of the Members expressed the view that the CIA detention and interro-gation program should be stopped, or that the techniques at issue were inappropriate.’’ In fact, Senator M
CCAINhad characterized the CIA’s practice of sleep deprivation as torture both publicly and privately, and at least four other Senators raised objections to the program. As a senior government lawyer, Mr. Bradbury authorized torture and cruel treat-ment of detainees in violation of U.S. and international law. Mr. Bradbury demonstrated either an in-ability or an unwillingness to display objec-tivity and reasonableness in evaluating the president’s policy proposals. We ask that in reviewing Mr. Bradbury’s nomination for general counsel of the De-partment of Transportation, another pro-foundly important position of public trust, you take these serious and disturbing factors into consideration. 
That letter was signed by the Amer-ican Civil Liberties Union, Appeal for Justice, Center for Constitutional Rights, Center for Victims of Torture, the Constitution Project, the Council on American-Islamic Relations, De-fending Rights and Dissent, Human Rights First, Human Rights Watch, the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the National Religious Campaign Against Torture, Open Soci-ety Policy Center, Physicians for Human Rights, and Win Without War. Earlier this year, a group of 176 of the most respected retired generals and admirals wrote to then President-Elect Trump urging him to reject the very kinds of torture and cruel treatment Mr. Bradbury authorized. They wrote: We have over six thousand years of com-bined experience in commanding and leading American men and women in war and in peace, and believe strongly in the values and ideals that our country holds dear. We know from experience that U.S. national security policies are most effective when they uphold these ideals. For these reasons, we are concerned about statements made during the campaign about the use of torture or cruel, inhuman, or de-grading treatment of detainees in U.S. cus-tody. The use of waterboarding or any so- called ‘‘enhanced interrogation techniques’’ is unlawful under domestic and international law. Opposition to torture has been strong and bipartisan since the founding of our republic, through the administration of President Ronald Reagan to this very day. This was re-inforced last year when the Congress passed the McCain-Feinstein anti-torture law on an overwhelmingly bipartisan basis. Torture is unnecessary. Based on our expe-rience—and that of our Nation’s top interro-gators, backed by the latest science—we know that lawful, rapport-based interroga-tion techniques are the most effective way to elicit actionable intelligence. Torture is also counterproductive because it undermines our national security. It in-creases the risk to our troops, hinders co-operations with allies, alienates populations whose support the United States needs in the struggle against terrorism, and provides a propaganda tool for extremists who wish to do us harm. Most importantly, torture violates our core values as a nation. Our greatest strength is our commitment to the rule of law and to the principles embedded in our Constitution. Our servicemen and women need to know that our leaders do not con-done torture or detainee abuse of any kind. 
I know some people might not under-stand why these enhanced interroga-tion techniques are a problem so let me just take a few moments to explain what they are. Waterboarding. Waterboarding is a well-known torture tactic. Waterboarding creates the sensation of asphyxiation or drowning. The de-tainee is immobilized on his back and water is poured over a cloth covering his face. Far from the ‘‘dunk in the water’’ Dick Cheney has referred to, in-ternal CIA reports describe instances of waterboarding as ‘‘near drownings.’’ Detainees were often waterboarded repeatedly. Khalid Shaikh Mohammed was waterboarded at least 183 times. Another detainee, Abu Zubaydah, was waterboarded so often that it led him at least once to become completely un-responsive, with bubbles rising through his mouth. This torture tactic may also lead to bleeding from the ears, se-vere lung and brain damage, and last-ing psychological damage. If we waterboard our prisoners, they will waterboard our men and women when they become prisoners. Walling. Walling is a torture tech-nique that involves encircling the de-tainee’s neck with a collar or a towel and slamming him against the wall. Despite a requirement to use a false wall to avoid injury, Abu Zubaydah 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.022 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7201 November 14, 2017 
was slammed against a concrete wall. Even in the event of using a false wall, detainees suffered extreme injury. Abu Ja’far al-Iraqi suffered from an edema, or swelling on his head, as a con-sequence of walling with the use of a false wall. If we use this technique on our pris-oners, they will use this technique on our men and women in uniform if they were to capture them. Sleep deprivation. The detainees were kept awake by being shackled, forced to stand, or kept in stressed po-sitions in an attempt to destroy their capacity for psychological resistance. This was routinely combined with nu-dity and/or round-the-clock interroga-tion. Although not overtly violent, ex-tended periods of sleep deprivation can have painful and damaging mental and physical effects. After being forced to stand for 54 hours, Abu Ja’far al-Iraqi required blood thinners to treat the swelling in his legs. Following 56 hours without sleep, Arsala Khan suffered from violent hallucinations of dogs mauling and killing his family. If we—the United States of Amer-ica—use this technique on our pris-oners, our enemies will use this tech-nique on our men and women in uni-form should they be captured. Standing on broken feet. As an ex-treme form of sleep deprivation, two detainees—Abu Hazim and Abd al- Karim—were forced to stand for hours with broken feet. Despite recommenda-tions that he avoid weight bearing for 3 months, Abu Hazim underwent 52 hours of standing sleep deprivation on his broken foot barely a month after his diagnosis. While injured, these de-tainees were also subject to walling. Again, when we do this to our pris-oners, our enemies would do this to our troops. Solitary confinement. Detainees were regularly confined with no oppor-tunity for social interaction. This is often combined with nudity, sensory deprivation, total darkness, or con-stant light, and shackling. Abu Zubaydah was isolated naked in a cell with bright lights and white noise or loud noise playing. At one point, he was kept for 47 days in total isolation. The dangers of solitary confinement were recognized by the U.S. Supreme Court as early as 1890 in In re Medley, where the Court described prisoners be-coming violently insane, committing suicide, and the partial loss of their mental activity. If we do this to our prisoners, they would do it to our troops. Stress positions. These positions are designed to cause pain and discomfort for extended periods of time and were often used in combination with sleep deprivation. Detainees were shackled with their arms over their heads, forced to stay standing, or were placed in cramped confinement, such as cof-fin-sized boxes. Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri was sub-jected to improvised stress positions that not only caused cuts and bruises but led to the intervention of a medical officer who was concerned that his shoulders would be dislocated. Abu Zubaydah was confined to a coffin- shaped box for a total of over 11 days. If we do this to our prisoners—and Mr. Bradbury justified this—they would do it to our troops. Rectal feeding and rectal exams. Rec-tal feeding was used for prisoners who refused food and entails insertion of a tube containing pureed food into the detainee’s anal passage. This was used for behavioral control, without medical necessity, despite risks of damage to the colon and rectum or of food rotting inside the digestive tract. One de-tainee, Mustafa Ahmed al-Hawsawi, suffered a rectal prolapse likely caused by overly harsh rectal exams. If we do this to our prisoners—and Mr. Bradbury’s memo made it so we could—they would do this to our troops should our troops be captured by the enemy. Nudity. This form of sexual humilia-tion relies on cultural and religious ta-boos and required detainees to be fully or partially naked during interroga-tions or when shackled. Nudity was also regularly combined with cold tem-peratures and cold showers. One de-tainee, Gul Rahman, died of suspected hypothermia following 48 hours of sleep deprivation, half naked, in an ex-tremely cold room. Again, if we do this to our prisoners— and Mr. Bradbury wrote the legal jus-tification allowing this to happen— they will do this to our troops. We do not want this man in the U.S. Govern-ment making more decisions about what is right and what is wrong and how to protect the American public. If he was willing to do this and allow this to happen, what can we trust him to have good judgment on? In a September 6, 2006, article by Sean Alfano at CBS/AP entitled ‘‘U.S. Army Bans Torture Of Prisoners,’’ he wrote: 
A new U.S. Army manual bans torture and degrading treatment of prisoners, for the first time specifically mentioning forced na-kedness, hooding and other procedures that have become infamous since the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. Delayed more than a year amid criticism of the Defense Depart-ment’s treatment of prisoners, the new Army Field Manual was released Wednesday, revis-ing [a previous] one from 1992. It also explicitly bans beating prisoners, sexually humiliating them, threatening them with dogs, depriving them of food or water, performing mock executions, shock-ing them with electricity, burning them, causing other pain and a technique called ‘‘water boarding’’ that simulates drowning, said Lt. Gen. John Kimmons, Army Deputy Chief of Staff for Intelligence. Officials said the revisions are based on lessons learned since the U.S. began taking prisoners in response to the Sept. 11, 2001, at-tacks on the United States. Release of the manual came amid a flurry of announcements about the U.S. handling of prisoners, which has drawn criticism from Bush administration critics as well as do-mestic and international allies. The Pentagon also announced an overall policy statement on prisoner operations. And President George W. Bush acknowledged the existence of previously secret CIA prisons around the world where terror suspects have been held and interrogated, saying 14 such al Qaeda leaders had been transferred to the military prison at Guantanamo Bay and will be brought to trial. An international outcry about prisoner rights began shortly afterward. Human rights groups and some nations have urged the Bush administration to close the prisons at the U.S. naval base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, since not long after it opened in 2002 with prisoners from the campaign against al Qaeda in Afghanistan. Scrutiny of U.S. treatment of prisoners shot to a new level in 2004 with a release of photos showing U.S. troops beating, intimidating and sexually abusing prisoners at Abu Ghraib in Iraq—and then again with news of secret facilities. Though defense officials earlier this year debated writing a classified section of the manual to keep some interrogation proce-dures a secret from potential enemies, Kimmons said Wednesday that there is no se-cret section to the new manual. Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld has said from the start of the counter-terror war that prisoners were treated humanely and in a manner ‘‘consistent with Geneva Conven-tions.’’ But President George W. Bush decided shortly after the Sept. 11 attacks that since it was not a conventional war, ‘‘unlawful enemy combatants’’ captured in the fight against al Qaeda would not be considered prisoners of war and thus would not be af-forded the protections of the convention. The new manual, called ‘‘Human In-telligence Collector Operations,’’ ap-plies to all the armed services, not just the Army. It does not cover the Central Intelligence Agency, which also has come under investigation for mistreat-ment of prisoners in Iraq and Afghani-stan and for allegedly keeping suspects in secret prisons elsewhere around the world since the Sept. 11 attacks. 
Sixteen of the manual’s 19 interrogation techniques were covered in the old manual and three new ones were added on the basis of lessons learned from the counter-terror war, Kimmons said. The additions are that interrogators may use the good-cop/bad-cop tact with prisoners, they may portray themselves as someone other than an American interrogator, and they may use ‘‘separation,’’ basically keep-ing prisoners apart from each other so enemy combatants can’t coordinate their an-swers with each other. The last will be used only on unlawful combatants, not POWs, only as an exception and only with permission of a high-level commander, Kimmons said. The Pentagon also on Wednesday released a new policy directive on detention oper-ations that says the handling of prisoners must—at a minimum—abide by the stand-ards of the Geneva Conventions and lays out the responsibilities of senior civilian and military officials who oversee detention op-erations. ‘‘The revisions . . . took time,’’ Deputy As-sistant Secretary of Defense for Detainee Af-fairs Cully Stimson said at the briefing. ‘‘It took time because it was important to get it right, and we did get it right.’’ 
It is interesting that the Department of Defense took the time and the effort to rewrite their manuals as a result of the abuses that came about following Mr. Bradbury’s legal justification for the use of torture. Here is what the Army Field Manual 2–22.3 says. This is the Human Intel-ligence Collector Operations manual, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:45 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.024 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7202 November 14, 2017 
dated September 6, 2006. This is what the Army now teaches our soldiers: 
All captured or detained personnel, regard-less of status, shall be treated humanely and in accordance with the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005 and DOD Directive 2310.1E, ‘‘De-partment of Defense Detainee Program,’’ and no person in the custody or under the control of DOD, regardless of the nationality or physical location, shall be subject to torture or cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment, in accordance with and as de-fined in US law. All intelligence interrogations, debriefings, and tactical questionings to gain intelligence from captured or detained per-sonnel shall be conducted in accordance with applicable law and policy. Applicable law and policy include US law; the law of war; relevant international law, relevant directives, including DOD Directive 3115.09, ‘‘DOD Intelligence Interrogations, Detainee Debriefings, and Tactical Ques-tioning’’; DOD Directive 2310–1E, ‘‘The De-partment of Defense Detainee Program’’; DOD instructions; and military execute or-ders including FRAGOs. Use of torture is not only illegal but also it is a poor technique that yields unreliable results, may damage subsequent collection efforts, and can induce the source to say what he thinks the HUMINT collector wants to hear. Use of tor-ture can also have many possible negative consequences at national and international levels. 
All prisoners and detainees, regard-less of status, will be treated hu-manely. Cruel, inhuman, and degrading treat-ment is prohibited. The Detainee Treatment Act of 2005 defines ‘‘cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment’’ as the cruel, unusual, and inhumane treatment or punishment provided by the Fifth, Eighth, or Fourteenth Amendments to the U.S. Constitution. This definition refers to an extensive body of law developed by the courts of the United States to determine when, under various circumstances, treat-ment of individuals would be incon-sistent with American constitutional standards related to concepts of dig-nity, civilization, humanity, decency, and fundamental fairness. All DOD procedures for treatment of prisoners and detainees have been re-viewed and are consistent with these standards as well as our obligation under international law as interpreted by the United States. Questions about applications not re-solved in the field by reference to the DOD publications must be forwarded to higher headquarters for legal review and specific approval by the appro-priate authority. Isn’t it amazing that it took the Army to contradict and to come up with the procedures to counter the very actions Mr. Bradbury was willing to condone? And we want this man back in government? He doesn’t belong back in government. This is a man who has, as his first priority, not America’s values, not the morality of this Nation, not humanity—his first value is: What is it that my boss wants me to say, and I will find a way to do it. He said just as much in testimony. That is not who we want as a top lawyer over in the De-partment of Transportation. It is sim-ply not acceptable. In that same Army Field Manual, there is a section that talks about how interrogation should be conducted and the prohibited actions included, which are not limited to forcing the detainee to be naked, to perform sexual acts, or pose in a sexual manner, placing hoods or sacks over the head of a detainee, using duct tape over the eyes, applying beatings, electric shock, burns, or other forms of physical pain, waterboarding, using military working dogs, inducing hypothermia or heat in-jury, conducting mock executions, de-priving the detainee of necessary food, water, or medical care. The field manual goes on to say: While using legitimate interrogation tech-niques, certain applications of approaches and techniques may approach the line be-tween permissible actions and prohibited ac-tions. It may often be difficult to determine where permissible actions end and prohibited actions begin. In attempting to determine if a contemplated approach or technique should be considered prohibited, and there-fore should not be included in an interroga-tion plan, consider these two tests before submitting the plan for approval: If the proposed approach technique were used by the enemy against one of your fellow soldiers, would you believe the soldier had been abused? Could your conduct in carrying out the proposed technique violate a law or regula-tion? Keep in mind that even if you person-ally would not consider your actions to con-stitute abuse, the law may be more restric-tive. 
I wish those questions had been made available to Mr. Bradbury when he was writing his memo, because the actions he condoned in his memo certainly would have failed this very simple two- question test. The manual says: 
If you answer yes to either of these tests, the contemplated action should not be con-ducted. If the HUMINT collector has any doubt that an interrogation approach con-tained in an approved interrogation plan is consistent with applicable law, or if he be-lieves that he is being told to use an illegal technique, the HUMINT collector should seek immediate guidance from the chain of command and consult with the SJA to ob-tain a legal review of the proposed approach or technique. . . . If the HUMINT collector believes that an interrogation approach or technique is unlawful during the interroga-tion of a detainee, the HUMINT collector must stop interrogation immediately and contact the chain of command for additional guidance. 
This is not something that Steven Bradbury did or has even now stated that he wished he had done, because his memo, which allowed all the torture techniques I have already detailed, would truly have failed these two tests, and he would have failed in moving for-ward with his memo to do the basic thing, which is to stop an illegal activ-ity from occurring. At this point, the Army Field Manual provides some caution: 
Although no single comprehensive source defines impermissible coercion, certain acts are clearly prohibited. Certain prohibited physical coercion may be obvious, such as physically abusing the subject of the screen-ing interrogation. Other forms of impermis-sible coercion may be more subtle, and may include: Threats to turn the individual over to oth-ers to be abused; subjecting the individual to impermissible humiliating or degrading treatment; implying harm to the individual or his property. Other prohibited actions in-clude implying a deprivation of applicable protections guaranteed by law because of a failure to cooperate; threatening to separate parents from their children; or forcing a pro-tected person to guide US forces in a dan-gerous area. Where there is doubt, you should consult your supervisor or servicing judge advocate. This is the problem. Mr. Bradbury, in writing this memo, showed absolutely no attempt or even desire to figure out whether what he was trying to justify was truly legal, in keeping with Amer-ican values, or was the right thing to do for the United States. He simply moved forward with drafting this memo because the President of the United States wanted it to happen. That is not the democracy we live in. We don’t live in a dictatorship. We are the greatest democracy on the face of the Earth because we are individuals who have the right to exercise a moral authority and to speak up. Mr. Bradbury showed none of that. Even in testimony, he has expressed no regrets in the legal wranglings that he went through in order to justify tor-ture. He showed no introspection, no thought as to whether it was the right thing to do. As far as he was concerned, his superiors wanted him to do this, so he did it. What is he going to do at the Depart-ment of Transportation? What is he going to do when someone there tells him: The airbag manufacturers have decided it is just too expensive, so we need you to come up with justification for us to stop using airbags? What he is going to do when people come to him and say: We really want to increase alcohol sales, so I think we should get rid of drunk driving laws? What he is going to do? He has shown that he is willing to do whatever his superiors have asked him to do and that he is just the right guy for the job if they want a lawyer who is going to execute legal gymnastics to find a way to make something happen. Do we really want that person at the very top of the legal department of the Department of Transportation—not to mention the fact that once he is Sen-ate-confirmed and in the Department of Transportation, it is that much easi-er to move him to another Senate-con-firmed position, and there is no guar-antee that he will not make his way back over to the Department of Justice to create more harm. I ask my colleagues, if you care about this country, if you care about our troops who are in harm’s way right now, please understand what it means to our troops who are downrange right now in all corners of the globe—facing the enemy, facing potentially being captured in the execution of their du-ties, protecting and defending our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.026 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7203 November 14, 2017 
great United States—to know that the enemy believes that America tortures and to know that they are at that much greater risk, if they were to be captured, to be tortured themselves. I can’t oppose Mr. Bradbury’s nomi-nation strongly enough. His most prominent, consequential work was to justify unlawful torture and detainee abuse. His comments in testimony dur-ing his confirmation hearings did not alleviate any of my concerns. I know many of my colleagues are considering voting yes on this man be-cause they think: Well, he is going to be over in the Department of Transpor-tation. That was years ago; he will not have to write legal justification for the use of torture again, and we have passed laws about it since then. But he has shown that despite existing laws, he was able to find a way to get around them to justify torture. How do we know he will not do the same thing again at the Department of Transpor-tation when it comes to public safety? What about our kids who ride school buses to school? They deserve protec-tions. The American public deserves protec-tions. What they don’t deserve is a man who has no moral compass when it comes to what is right and what is wrong but only a compass that asks: What do my bosses want me to do? That is not what the American people need. That is certainly not something we should be voting for. If, in conversations with Mr. Bradbury, he promised you that he would be independent, I just ask you to look at his record. He has never been independent. In fact, when asked if he would recuse himself from various cases, he, in committee, avoided an-swering those questions, did not an-swer them straightforwardly, and showed he is simply not willing to com-mit to doing what is right. I don’t know how anyone can vote for him. I don’t know what he has said in private conversations—what he says he thinks he would do at the Department of Transportation. All I can ask is for my colleagues to please look at the evidence, and the evidence is over-whelming. This is a man who cannot be trusted with the values of this country. He cannot be trusted to do what is right on behalf of the American people. He is not someone who will speak truth to power. If anything, this is a time in this country that we need more people who will speak truth to power, not someone who will kowtow to power, and that is exactly the kind of person Mr. Bradbury is. He is an unprincipled lawyer who will be paired with an un-principled executive, and that is a dan-gerous combination regardless of what agency he serves. Again, I ask my colleagues to please vote no on Mr. Bradbury. I cannot op-pose his nomination strongly enough. If you have any questions, please come talk to those of us who have worn the uniform of this great Nation, who know what it is like to be in jeopardy of being captured by the enemy, who know what it is like to hope and pray that the nations around the world— which view America’s conduct as the bellwether for how we treat others— know that they themselves will be treated in the same manner that we treat our prisoners. Those troops in harm’s way right now know that because of Mr. Bradbury, they are less safe and they are less able to do their jobs. When our troops go into harm’s way, they should focus only on getting the job done, not on what might happen should they get captured. Thanks to Mr. Bradbury, that is a real threat for them now. Again, I ask my colleagues to please say no. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I want to begin by thanking the Senator from Illinois. Not only did she serve this country, she sacrificed for this country. I for one, as I see her rolling up and down the aisles and through the halls, am just so proud and so thankful for her, for her family, for her work, and particularly I thank her for these comments. I think the Senator is very worthy, and I am delighted to be her colleague. Mr. President, I, too, rise in strong opposition to the confirmation of Ste-ven Bradbury to serve as general coun-sel in the Department of Transpor-tation. Steven Bradbury has a troubling his-tory of disregard for United States and international law and seems unable to offer objective legal analysis. Both of these troubling characteristics were on display when he helped justify the CIA’s torture program. I was on the Intelligence Committee during this period of time—and still am—and one of the things we wanted to see were the Office of Legal Counsel memoranda. The OLC memos were never given to us, although individuals from the Department came and spoke to us about them. Steven Bradbury was head of the Jus-tice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel from 2005 to 2009. During that time, he wrote four legal memos—fi-nally declassified, finally here—and this is what they look like. Those memos provided the legal foundation for waterboarding and other interroga-tion techniques that were tantamount to torture. The first memo, written on May 10, 2005, concludes that the use of so-called enhanced interrogation techniques was lawful. This memo, which addressed torture techniques including waterboarding, was written to replace the previous classified Office of Legal Counsel opinions. The second memo, also written on May 10, found that the use of multiple interrogation techniques would not violate U.S. law because there would be no severe mental pain or suffering, just physical distress. The third memo, written on May 30, 2005, reaffirmed a previous OLC opinion that the CIA’s use of torture, such as waterboarding, was not prohibited by the Convention against Torture, so long as it was done overseas. That memo also concluded that constitu-tional prohibitions against cruel, un-usual, and inhumane treatment or pun-ishment did not apply. The fourth memo, written on July 20, 2007, concluded that the continued use of six enhanced interrogation tech-niques by the CIA, including forced nu-dity and extended sleep deprivation, did not violate the Detainee Treatment Act or the War Crimes Act or the Gene-va Conventions. By writing these four memos, Bradbury not only provided the feeble foundation upon which the CIA vio-lated well-established law and military doctrine, he also endangered U.S. troops—as the Senator from Illinois has pointed out—betrayed our coun-try’s values, and compromised our standing as a world leader. The tactics used by the CIA were not only more brutal than was known, they also didn’t produce actionable intel-ligence. We have a 7,000-page docu-ment, with 32,000 footnotes, which took 6 years of reviewing cables and infor-mation—all factual, not declassified, and a summary was declassified—and to date, nothing in it has been contra-dicted. Capturing terror suspects and torturing them in secret facilities failed. Period. Among Bradbury’s many troubling conclusions in these memos were that neither the Constitution’s prohibitions against inhumane treatment nor the U.N. Convention Against Torture ap-plied to the CIA’s activities outside U.S. territory. That is interesting. Even more troubling, Bradbury’s 2007 memo was written with the purpose of evading congressional intent. It is stunning that the head of the Office of Legal Counsel would knowingly work to find loopholes in the law to justify the use of torture. On October 5, 2005, the Senate voted 90 to 9 to approve the Detainee Treat-ment Act of 2005. This law stated: ‘‘No individual in the custody or under the physical control of the United States Government, regardless of nationality or physical location, shall be subject to cruel, inhuman, or degrading treat-ment.’’ However, less than 2 years later, Bradbury’s fourth torture memo ex-plicitly allowed the CIA to continue many of the abusive interrogation techniques that Congress clearly in-tended to prohibit in the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005. These include forced nudity and extended sleep depri-vation. This should be a disqualifier for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.027 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7204 November 14, 2017 
continued service in the U.S. Govern-ment, regardless of the position, I be-lieve. It is true that Congress settled this matter in June of 2015 when, thanks to Senator M
CCAIN, we voted overwhelm-ingly to prohibit torture in that year’s National Defense Authorization Act, but that doesn’t change the fact that Bradbury did his best to bypass Con-gress a decade earlier by writing those torture memos. It is also true that as general counsel of the Transportation Department, Bradbury wouldn’t be tasked with du-ties connected to detainees. But by ig-noring the intent of Congress in order to justify the CIA’s continued use of torture, Bradbury ignored the law to achieve a desired result and that is un-acceptable. Even the Justice Department found fault with Bradbury’s actions. After the OLC torture memos came to light, the Department of Justice conducted an investigation of the facts and the circumstances surrounding those memos and DOJ’s role in the imple-mentation of the CIA interrogation program. On June 29, 2009, the Justice Depart-ment found ‘‘serious concerns’’ about the objectivity and reasonableness of Bradbury’s work. This included evi-dence that he gave into pressure in order to produce opinions that would allow the CIA torture program to con-tinue. The Department of Justice report cited several Bush administration offi-cials who believed Bradbury was pro-ducing opinions with the goal of allow-ing the program to continue. Jim Comey, who served as Deputy Attorney General at the time of Bradbury’s memos, said there was sig-nificant pressure from the White House—specifically Vice President Cheney and his staff—to allow the pro-gram to continue. Comey said that one would have to be ‘‘an idiot not to know what was wanted.’’ Comey also said that in his opinion, Bradbury knew that ‘‘if he rendered an opinion that shut down or hobbled the [interroga-tion] program the Vice President . . . would be furious.’’ John Bellinger, who in 2007 served as legal advisor to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, wrote to Bradbury and stated that he was ‘‘concerned that the [2007 Bradbury] opinion’s careful parsing of statutory and treaty terms’’ would be considered ‘‘a work of advo-cacy to achieve a desired outcome.’’ The DOJ was also concerned that Bradbury relied too heavily on the CIA’s reviews of its own interrogation program, which of course were positive. During a time when we needed inde-pendent voices in government to check the CIA’s actions, Bradbury failed to rise to the occasion. He failed to fulfill the responsibilities of his position. The Senate twice refused to confirm Bradbury as Assistant Attorney Gen-eral for the Office of Legal Counsel during the Bush administration be-cause of this very issue. Nothing has changed since that time. I urge my col-leagues to oppose his nomination. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I rise today to speak in opposition to the nomination of Steven Bradbury to be the general counsel of the Department of Transportation. I must say to my colleagues, of the years that I have been here, I never thought that we would be considering the nomination of a person who supported the commis-sion of what the Geneva Convention says are war crimes. That is a serious, serious issue. And the Constitution charges the Senate to give its advice and consent to senior executive branch nominations as a check against the ap-pointment of people to an important government position who, because of one failure or another, should not be entrusted with the interests of the American people. I do not believe that Mr. Bradbury deserves that public trust, and I will oppose his nomination. I am astonished that we are here, con-sidering the nomination of a person who is in violation of the Geneva Con-vention, the rules of war to which the United States of America is signatory. Some of us remember that Mr. Bradbury served as the acting head of the Department of Justice’s Office of Legal Counsel from 2005 to 2009. During this time, he authored a few of what have become to be known infamously as the torture memos, which provided the legal justifications for 13 types of enhanced interrogation techniques em-ployed by the CIA against detainees held by the United States under law of war authorities. My dear friends and colleagues, the term ‘‘enhanced interrogation tech-niques’’ is a euphemism. These memos provided a legal framework for the use of methods that include waterboarding, which is a mock execution and an ex-quisite form of torture in which the victim suffers the terrible sensation of drowning. In discussing this practice, we are speaking of an interrogation technique that dates from the Spanish Inquisition and has been a prosecutable offense for over a century. It is among the crimes for which Japanese war criminals were tried and hanged fol-lowing World War II and was employed by the infamous Khmer Rouge in Cam-bodia. I repeat. The Japanese war criminals were tried and hanged fol-lowing World War II for—guess what— waterboarding. Of course, the Khmer Rouge, whom we all know about, was also one of those. I must say to my colleagues that in the years I have been here in the U.S. Senate, I never believed that I would be voting against an individual who justi-fied the practice of torture. All you have to do is read the Geneva Conven-tions, to which the United States of America is signatory, and you will see that Mr. Bradbury’s memos, which ba-sically justified torture, were in direct contravention. The memos of which Mr. Bradbury was the author provided the justifica-tions for the inhumane interrogation of detainees by using methods such as forced nudity and humiliation, facial and abdominal slapping, dietary ma-nipulation, stress positions, cramped confinement, striking, and more than 48 hours of sleep deprivation. I would challenge Mr. Bradbury to go through 48 hours of sleep deprivation before he signs off on another memo. Worse, the legal justifications for these tech-niques were interpreted to permit their use simultaneously, over long periods of time, which constituted what I and many others who are familiar with these techniques believe are torture— torture inflicted by the representatives of a Nation founded on the ideal that all people are born with equal dignity and that even enemies who scorn our ideals, once they are our prisoners, are to be spared cruel, inhuman, and de-grading treatment. The memos authored, in part, by Mr. Bradbury justified the use of these techniques under article 16 of the United Nations Convention against Torture and declared them not in con-travention to article 3 of the Geneva Conventions, which prohibits ‘‘out-rages upon personal dignity’’—those are the Geneva Conventions to which the United States is signatory—and vi-olence to a life of a person. Most peo-ple, including, I am sure, Mr. Bradbury, have never been tightly bound, made to remain in a stress position, and de-prived of sleep for 48 hours. Let me as-sure my colleagues that anyone who has suffered such treatment will know that he has been tortured. The two main memos that Mr. Bradbury wrote and signed were enti-tled ‘‘Application of United States Ob-ligations Under Article 16 of the Con-vention Against Torture to Certain Techniques that May Be Used in the Interrogation of High Value al Qaeda Detainees’’ and ‘‘Application of the War Crimes Act, the Detainee Treat-ment Act, and Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions to Certain Techniques that May Be Used by the CIA in the In-terrogation of High Value al Qaeda De-tainees.’’ In the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence’s study of detention and interrogation program, CIA leadership and interrogators frequently cited these two Bradbury memos as the legal justification that permitted them to use enhanced interrogation techniques. These techniques amounted to de facto torture. Put simply, Mr. Bradbury’s memos were permission slips for tor-ture. I repeat to my colleagues who are about to vote for him that his memos were permission slips for torture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.030 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7205 November 14, 2017 
I wonder, of someone who is respon-sible for what he justifies, how he sleeps. I wonder how he gets rest. Doesn’t the face of that person who has been deprived of sleep for 48 hours ever pop into his mind? I have long said that I understand the reasons that governed the decision to approve these interrogation methods, and I know that those who approved them and those who employed them in the interrogation of captured terrorists were dedicated to protecting the Amer-ican people from harm. I know that they were determined to keep faith with the victims of terrorism and prove to our enemies that the United States would pursue justice relentlessly and successfully no matter how long it took. I know that their responsibilities were grave and urgent and that the strain of their duty was considerable. I admire their dedication and love of country, but I argued then and I argue now that it was wrong to use these methods, that it undermined our secu-rity interests, and that it contradicted the ideals that define us and which we have sacrificed so much to defend. While Mr. Bradbury has justified his work on these torture memos as the duty of a lawyer representing his cli-ent, the Commander in Chief of the United States, I believe that he had a higher duty, as do all who serve this country, to defend our most cherished ideals from wholesale violation in the name of self-defense. Leave aside the fact that, as intelligence-gathering tools, torture is mostly useless and has been proven to be so by the record as-sembled by the Intelligence Com-mittee. We have led by example and sacrificed blood and treasure to ad-vance our ideals around the world only to undermine our good reputation in a crucible in which we allowed fears to get the better of our decency. While it is true, as Mr. Bradbury and his supporters claim, that the memos issued under his name improved upon the sloppy and more expansive legal work done by his predecessors, I do not think that that absolves Mr. Bradbury of his role in this dark chapter of American history. Indeed, a more me-ticulous justification for torture is still a justification for torture—and, argu-ably, a more pernicious one. Let’s not pretend that there was no direct connection between the legal work done by Mr. Bradbury and the abuses that followed. The memos that bear his name made it possible for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed—a monster and a murderer, to be sure, but a de-tainee held in U.S. custody under the laws of armed conflict—to be waterboarded 183 times. I repeat. Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was waterboarded 183 times. This technique was used so gratuitously that even those applying it eventually came to believe that there was no reason to continue. They were ordered to do so anyway. The memos also made it possible for Abu Zubaydah, an alleged al-Qaida op-erative, to be subjected to waterboarding two to four times a day, rendering him so distressed that he was unable to speak. The damaging effects of waterboarding cannot be overstated. According to the Senate Intelligence Committee’s report on torture, Zubaydah’s waterboarding sessions ‘‘resulted in immediate fluid intake and involuntary leg, chest and arm spasms’’ and hysterical pleas. In at least one session, ‘‘Zubaydah became completely unresponsive, with bubbles rising through his open, full mouth,’’ and he required medical intervention. The memos that bear Mr. Bradbury’s name also made it possible for a Liby-an detainee and his wife to be rendered to a foreign country where the woman was bound and gagged, while being sev-eral months pregnant, and photo-graphed naked as several American in-telligence officers watched. I wonder what our average citizens would think when we tell them that an agent of the American Government took a woman who was several months pregnant and bound, gagged, and pho-tographed her naked as several Amer-ican intelligence officers watched. I am told that that picture still exists some-where in the archives that has recorded this shameful period in our history. In voting against Mr. Bradbury’s nomination, as I also voted last week for similar reasons against Mr. Steven Engel’s nomination to head the Depart-ment of Justice’s Office of Legal Coun-sel, I am making it clear that I will not support any nominee who justified the use of torture by Americans. The laws of war were carefully created to be pre-cise and technical in nature but also to leave room for interpretation, even at the risk of abuse by the executive branch. This makes the duty of govern-ment lawyers all the more significant. They must serve as guardians of our ideals and our obligations under inter-national law. They are the safeguards and checks on the conscience of our government, and I cannot in good faith vote to confirm lawyers who have fall-en short in this awesome responsi-bility. I will cast my vote against Mr. Bradbury, not because I believe him to be unpatriotic or malevolent but be-cause I believe that what is at stake in this confirmation vote, much as what we stand to gain or lose in the war we are still fighting transcends the imme-diate matter before us. Ultimately, this is not about Mr. Bradbury; this is not about terrorists. This is about us— who we are and who we will be in the future. This is about what we lose when, by official policy or official neglect, we allow, confuse, or encourage those who fight this war for us to forget that best sense of ourselves. This is our greatest strength: When we fight to defend our security, we also fight for an idea—not a tribe, not a land, not a King, not a twisted interpretation of an ancient re-ligion but for an idea that all men are created equal and endowed with unalienable rights. It is indispensable to our success in this war that those we ask to fight it know that in the discharge of their re-sponsibilities to our country, they are expected never to forget that they are Americans and the defenders of a sa-cred idea of how nations should be gov-erned and conduct their relations with others, even our enemies. Those of us who have given them this enormous duty are obliged by our his-tory and the many terrible sacrifices that have been made in our defense to make clear to them that they need not risk our country’s honor to prevail and that they are always, always, always Americans—and different, stronger, and better than those who would de-stroy us. Mr. Bradbury’s work many years ago did a disservice to our Nation and its defenders. I cannot in good conscience give him my trust to serve us again. I am confident, because of the way this system works, that Mr. Bradbury will be confirmed, probably. This is a dark, dark chapter in the history of the United States Senate. We are legiti-mizing offenses against the code of the Geneva Conventions. We are harming the commitment that our forefathers made that we are all created equal. Un-fortunately, we have now betrayed that sacred trust. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all postcloture time be yielded back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Bradbury nomi-nation? Mr. TILLIS. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) are nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 47, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.031 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7206 November 14, 2017 
[Rollcall Vote No. 272 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Booker Menendez Van Hollen 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that with re-spect to the Bradbury nomination, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of David G. Zatezalo, of West Vir-ginia, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, Thom Tillis, Tom Cotton, Cory Gardner, Jerry Moran, John Barrasso, Luther Strange, Mike Crapo, John Cornyn, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, Orrin G. Hatch, David Perdue, Marco Rubio, John Thune, John Boozman. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. BOOKER ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) are nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 52, nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 273 Ex.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—45 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Booker Menendez Van Hollen 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 52, the nays are 45. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Thank you, Mr. President. Mr. President, the Senate has just in-voked cloture on the nomination of David Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be the Assistant Secretary for Mine Safe-ty and Health. Mr. Zatezalo is uniquely qualified to lead the U.S. Department of Labor’s Mine Safety and Health Ad-ministration because he knows the in-dustry inside out. He has spent his ca-reer in mining, starting as a miner. He is a member of a union. He worked his way up to general superintendent in Southern Ohio Coal and was a general manager at AEP. The Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee approved his nom-ination on October 18, and I am glad the Senate will have the opportunity to vote on his confirmation. TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, for a few minutes I would like to turn to another subject. Congress has turned its attention to tax reform, and our principal challenge is to find tax breaks and loopholes to eliminate so that we can lower rates for taxpayers. I have a nomination. The top of the list should be ending the wind produc-tion tax credit. Congress has already recognized the need to end the wind production tax credit by passing legis-lation to phase out the credit by 2020. The draft House tax proposal reduces the amount available for new wind tur-bines by returning the credit to its original value instead of adjusting it for inflation, but we should do better. Instead of phasing it out, we should end the wind production tax credit this year. Ending the wind production tax credit on December 31, 2017, would save over $4 billion, which we could then use to lower tax rates for the American people. The wind production tax credit has been in place for 25 years. It has been extended 10 different times by Con-gress. It was originally set to expire in 1999. Tax credits are best used to jump- start new and emerging technologies. It has been a quarter of a century. Wind turbines are no longer a new technology. President Obama’s Energy Secretary, Steven Chu, testified that he believes that wind is a mature technology. It is time to end this wasteful and expensive subsidy for a clearly mature tech-nology. To date, the wind production tax credit has already cost the taxpayers billions. For 8 years—from 2008 to 2015—the wind production tax credit cost taxpayers $9.6 billion. That is more than $1 billion per year. According to the Congressional Re-search Service, the wind production tax credit is expected to cost taxpayers over $23 billion between 2016 and 2020, and the cost to taxpayers will continue until 2030. That is because when you extend the wind production tax credit for 1 year, it is really for 10 years. To benefit from the tax credit, wind developers must just begin construc-tion of a wind project before December 31, 2019. Then those developers can reap the tax benefits for a decade. Despite the billions Congress has pro-vided in subsidies, wind energy still produces only 6 percent of our coun-try’s electricity and 17 percent of our country’s carbon-free electricity. By contrast, nuclear is 20 percent of our electricity and 60 percent of our emis-sions-free, carbon-free electricity. The wind blows only about one-third of the time. Until there is some way to store large amounts of wind, a utility still needs to operate nuclear, gas, and coal plants when the wind doesn’t blow. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.028 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7207 November 14, 2017 
On average, wind turbines are over two times as tall as the skyboxes at the University of Tennessee’s Neyland Stadium and taller than the Statue of Liberty. The blades on the windmills can be as long as a football field, and their blinking lights can be seen for 20 miles. This isn’t the first time that I have been to the Senate floor to express my concern about the wind production tax credit, but I believe that the conversa-tion about energy subsidies and taxes is bigger than the wind production tax credit. As Congress examines ways to reduce tax rates and to broaden the base, we must be willing to look at all tax subsidies from mature tech-nologies. That includes oil and gas sub-sidies. I am here today to challenge my colleagues to be willing to consider all energy subsidies from mature tech-nologies—wind, solar, oil, gas—as can-didates for elimination in a tax reform bill. Those dollars could be better spent to lower rates for taxpayers. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to highlight yet an-other dangerous nominee who has been put forth by this administration. During the campaign, President Trump made promise after promise to workers. He said he would put them first. He said he would bring back good- paying jobs to our struggling commu-nities. While he made this promise to all workers, he specifically called out miners on more than one occasion, so it would stand to reason that President Trump would prioritize the Mine Safe-ty and Health Administration and nominate a leader who is committed to the agency’s core mission. MSHA is critically important to en-suring that mining jobs are safe and that mining companies aren’t unneces-sarily endangering their workers’ lives and safety. MSHA is responsible for in-specting mines and holding companies accountable when they violate safety and health standards. MSHA’s top pri-orities are to eliminate fatal mining accidents, reduce the frequency and se-verity of accidents, and minimize health hazards for workers through in-spection enforcement. Unfortunately, we are already seeing MSHA safety standards lapse under the Trump administration. Earlier this year, MSHA was set to implement a rule that would require safety exams of mines prior to the start of a miner’s shift. Ensuring mines are safe before miners are put at risk should not be controversial. Yet the Trump adminis-tration has delayed implementation of that rule and proposed changes to actu-ally weaken it. Given this concerning record so far, it is so critical—absolutely critical— that the MSHA Administrator is com-mitted to standing up for our miners. But instead of nominating an advocate for workers’ health and safety, Presi-dent Trump nominated one of the in-dustry’s worst offenders. David Zatezalo is a mining industry executive who has made it clear that he cares more about corporate profits than workers. When he was the CEO of Rhino Resources, one of the mines under Mr. Zatezalo’s control received unprecedented safety penalties. A Rhino mine was the first in history to be cited twice for a pattern of viola-tions, an action that is only taken when there is a clear and demonstrated disregard for workers’ health and safe-ty. When the Obama administration issued commonsense rules to improve the pattern of violations process, the Ohio Coal Association, where Mr. Zatezalo sat on the board of directors, sued to block the rule. Under Mr. Zatezalo’s leadership, two separate mines owned by Rhino Re-sources had injury rates that far ex-ceeded the national average. As a mining executive, Mr. Zatezalo refused to play by the rules. His com-pany violated the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act by giving advance no-tice of an MSHA inspection, meaning employees had the opportunity to cover up potential health and safety violations. Rhino Resources was sued by the EEOC for creating an unlawful, hostile work environment by allowing an em-ployee to be targeted based on his na-tional origin. The EEOC said Zatezalo’s company allowed discrimination to ‘‘continue unchecked in the work-place’’ and cited Rhino for retaliating against the employee instead of reprimanding those who were doing the harassing. It is clear to me that Mr. Zatezalo is wholly unqualified to serve as the Mine Safety and Health Administrator, and I believe that if he is confirmed, he will put thousands of miners’ lives and safe-ty at risk. I am very disappointed that Presi-dent Trump and congressional Repub-licans are once again breaking prom-ises to workers. I urge my colleagues to join me in standing up for our min-ers across the country and vote against Mr. Zatezalo’s nomination. Once again, the contrast with Demo-crats’ vision couldn’t be starker. Under the leadership of Senator C
ASEY , Democrats are advocating for stronger enforcement abilities for MSHA so we can hold operators who show a re-peated disregard for miner safety ac-countable. I really want my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to join us and pass these commonsense reforms that will help prevent further mining acci-dents and deaths. We will strengthen our economy if we start prioritizing workers’ health, safety, and well-being over corporate profits. I believe that must begin with rejecting President Trump’s extreme agenda and these nominees who appear all too willing to implement it without concern for the workers and families they are supposed to serve. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. RUBIO). The Senator from Utah. 
BLUE SLIP PROCEDURE  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I wish to speak for a few minutes about the Sen-ate blue slip. As my colleagues know, when the President nominates someone who will be processed by the Senate Judiciary Committee, home State Senators re-ceive a letter informing them of the nomination and asking whether they approve of the nominee in question. The letter is printed on blue paper— thus the name. That is why we call it the blue slip. The question on the table is, What should happen if one or both of the home State Senators do not approve the nomination? In previous years, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee has treated the blue slip as a de facto veto, but that is not how the blue slip origi-nally functioned. Between 1917, when the blue slip was first used, and 1955, the blue slip was never treated as a veto. Instead, it gave the home State Senators a special ability to state their objections about a nominee during a hearing. The committee could then de-cide how to proceed. When James Eastland, a Democrat from Mississippi, became chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee in 1955, he took a different approach. Why did Eastland implement this new pol-icy? No one knows for sure, but one scholar has written that Eastland, an ardent segregationist, might have been trying in part to ‘‘keep Mississippi’s federal judicial bench free of sympa-thizers with Brown v. Board of Edu-cation.’’ We are evaluating the strength of a custom. It is a custom of relatively re-cent vintage, and its origin story sure-ly matters in how we evaluate its ongo-ing relevance to the Senate today. Eastland kept that policy in place for the whopping 22 years he served as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee. When Senator Ted Kennedy took over from Eastland in 1979, he im-mediately changed the status and func-tioning of the blue slip procedure. As the Congressional Research Service re-ports, Kennedy determined that the blue slip ‘‘did not have the same power to automatically stop committee ac-tion as before.’’ Rather, Kennedy af-firmed his right to move forward with a nomination regardless of the blue slip. To make a long story short, since 1955, there have been eight chairmen of the Senate Judiciary Committee, in-cluding Eastland. By my count, two have treated the blue slip as a veto; the other six have either said the blue slip was not a veto or have at least not treated the blue slip as a veto. What to make of this history? For one thing, we often hear that the blue slip is a 100-year-old tradition. In my view, it should be equally powerful to note that the blue slip originated 128 years after the first Congress. That is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.039 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7208 November 14, 2017 
part of the Senate’s history, too, and that, too, shouldn’t be ignored. But there is an even more funda-mental point, and that is that even in modern times, there isn’t exactly an unbroken and lengthy practice of treating the blue slip procedure as if it were a veto. The practice is even spars-er when you consider that the blue slip takes on a different function depending on whether the President’s party is in control of a majority of the seats in the Senate. When the President’s party does not control the Senate, the blue slip is an efficient way to negotiate with the opposition party, which, after all, can vote down the President’s nominees. When you look at the relevant cir-cumstances, here is what you find: The blue slip has been treated as a veto for a grand total of 28 years when the President’s party controlled the Sen-ate. Fourteen of those years occurred under Senator Eastland, who was wag-ing a personal vendetta against civil rights, including with respect to judi-cial nominees processed by the Judici-ary Committee. So if the Senate blue slip procedure is not a veto, what function should it play? As I have said, the blue slip is the chairman’s prerogative. But if I were advising the chairman, here is what I would say: The blue slip should not be a veto of a nomination so long as the executive branch has sufficiently con-sulted with the home State Senators in advance of making this nomination. That rule is consistent with the ap-pointments clause of the Constitution, which establishes joint shared respon-sibility for appointments to Federal of-fice. It is important to note that, contrary to what some of my colleagues have suggested, the appointments clause does not grant individual Senators the right to pick nominees, whether proc-essed by the Judiciary Committee or otherwise. That rule is also consistent with the best reading of Senate custom. It is roughly consistent with the practice that unfolded between 1917, when the blue slip was first adopted, and 1955, when Senator Eastland brought about some changes. It has at least as much support in modern practice. What counts, then, as sufficient con-sultation? It is hard to come up with a precise rule, with a single mathe-matical definition, but in my view, the White House has an obligation to let the home State Senators know whom the White House might be considering for a vacancy. The home State Sen-ators have the right to review the can-didate’s record and share any concerns they have about the candidate. Quali-fications count. Character counts. Home State ties and ties to the com-munity count. I don’t think home State Senators have the right to de-mand someone who shares their par-ticular approach to the law nec-essarily, but they do have the right to insist that the candidate believe in the law as something independent from politics, particularly where the can-didate is being nominated to a life- tenured position in an article III court. There is a final point to make. As we move forward, my colleagues across the aisle will charge us with hypocrisy just as predictably as our prediction that the Sun will come up in the east tomorrow. There are two things to say about this. First, my approach to the blue slip has remained consistent since I took office. I have followed the approach that I have just described. Second, until 2013, the blue slip was a lot less important because the minor-ity party could filibuster. That is no longer an option because the Demo-crats changed the rules in 2013. When you change the rules—the actual writ-ten protections upon which we rely— when those are changed, then you are left reliant on customs. Customs can always be changed. In this case, the custom we are dealing with isn’t even a particularly strong one. It is not even a particularly long-lasting one. More broadly, in the Senate we are trying to figure out how to process the President’s nominees. We have im-proved the pace of confirming nomi-nees recently, but we are still signifi-cantly behind in modern historical terms from where we should be and from where other Senates have been during the first year of other Presi-dential administrations. We need to find a solution to improve the pace, in-cluding by remaining in session longer so that we can complete this important work. It is essential that we understand the difference between, on the one hand, the Constitution and, on the other hand, the rules; and, on the one hand, the rules and, on the other hand, the custom. There is a significant dif-ference here. In this case, the custom isn’t even all that long, not nearly as long as some have suggested, and it certainly hasn’t been consistent. We can do better, and do better we must. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, as we cut taxes, there is one goal that is the most important: We need more good- paying jobs, and we need bigger pay-checks for hard-working Montanans. It was just announced that the Sen-ate’s draft tax bill will repeal a tax that fundamentally targets those of low to middle income in my State and across the Nation. In fact, in Montana alone, 75 percent of the people who pay this tax make less than $50,000 a year. In fact, in Montana, 32.5 percent make less than $25,000 a year. This is not just anecdotal. In 2015, if you looked across the Nation, 79 percent of those who paid this tax made less than $50,000 a year. In fact, a little over 37 percent made less than $25,000 a year. The IRS pickpocketed over $3 billion from approximately 6.5 million Ameri-cans in 2015 alone, a majority of whom made less than $50,000 per year. This is a tax that is targeted at those who are in poverty. What is this tax, you might ask? Where in the world did it come from? I will tell you where it came from. It came from ObamaCare. It is the ObamaCare poverty tax. Otherwise known as the individual mandate, which forces people to pur-chase health insurance or pay a fine, the poverty tax systematically taxes those who make less than $50,000 a year. If it were not enough that ObamaCare plans were already too ex-pensive for some of these folks, the IRS adds insult to injury by fining them, taxing them, for not being able to af-ford it. Some say that ObamaCare steals from the rich to give to the poor, but, honestly, ObamaCare’s individual mandate is really Robin Hood in re-verse. ObamaCare’s poverty tax is like Robin Hood stealing from the poor to pay King John. It is unthinkable that we would leave such a provision in the law when we have the opportunity to repeal it. By repealing it, we would save $338 billion over 10 years. That is over $300 billion that we could put toward additional tax relief for small businesses and fam-ilies. Alternatively, if we do nothing, the CBO projects that we will increase taxes by $43 billion because of this pov-erty tax and that those taxes will be paid primarily by America’s low- and middle-income families—$43 billion in taxes on those who can afford it the least. ObamaCare’s poverty tax must go, and there is no better time to get rid of it than right now. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in fighting on behalf of the low and mid-dle classes of our Nation. Benjamin Franklin is credited with this phrase: Just two things in life are certain—death and taxes. That may be so, but we do not need to make them both quite so painful. That is why I am glad to see that a re-peal of the ObamaCare poverty tax has been included in the current Senate draft tax legislation. I urge my col-leagues in the House of Representa-tives to do the same. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, at 11:50 a.m. on Wednesday, November 15, the Senate proceed to the consideration of the fol-lowing nomination: Executive Calendar No. 463; further, that there be up to 10 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.041 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7209 November 14, 2017 
minutes of debate on the nomination, equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the nomi-nation with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that following the disposition of the Esper nomination, all postcloture time on Executive Cal-endar No. 383 be considered expired. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. For the informa-tion of all Senators, there will be three rollcall votes at 12 noon tomorrow. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ELIZABETH ‘‘LIZ’’ TISDAHL Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today I want to take a few moments to ac-knowledge former mayor of Evanston, IL—and my friend—Liz Tisdahl. Liz began her service to Evanston in 1989 on the Evanston Township School Board. After 2 years as president of the board, Liz was appointed to the Evans-ton City Council in 2003 by Mayor Lor-raine Morton. Mayor Morton had met Liz years earlier when she was picking up her youngest granddaughter from softball practice. She didn’t recognize the new coach and asked about her. It was Liz Tisdahl. Liz didn’t have a child on the team, but she wanted to lend a helping hand in the community. When Lorraine Morton became mayor, she always remembered how Liz stepped up just to help other peo-ple, so when it came time for Mayor Morton to decide whom she wanted to replace her, the first and only name that came to mind was Liz Tisdahl. When Liz was first approached to run, her answer was ‘‘absolutely not,’’ but after giving it more thought, Liz an-swered the call to run to help out Evanston’s residents who were leaving the community due to the increasingly high cost of living. Liz Tisdahl wasn’t running for mayor to help herself, but like her time coaching that softball team years earlier, she was doing it for other people. Early in Liz’s tenure as mayor, she quickly learned what it meant to be the ‘‘face of Evanston’’ and the good she could accomplish. At the time, too many Evanston residents struggled to afford housing, so Liz wrote a Federal grant application and flew to Wash-ington, DC, to lobby for money to ex-pand affordable housing in her commu-nity—and it worked. Evanston received an $18 million grant. I remember call-ing her with the good news. Liz later said that was ‘‘the day that I realized that there really was something to this ‘being a mayor’ thing.’’ Liz Tisdahl also has successfully lob-bied to secure a designation for a Fed-eral qualified health center in Evans-ton, resulting in the establishment of the Erie Evanston/Skokie Health Cen-ter. Since 2012, the Erie Evanston/Sko-kie Health Center has treated nearly 12,000 patients and provided immediate care for the residents of Evanston. In 2009, when Liz Tisdahl first ran for mayor of Evanston, she campaigned under a simple platform: ‘‘Diversity, Sustainability, and Economic Develop-ment.’’ First, Liz set out to increase employment. She expanded the May-or’s Summer Youth Employment Pro-gram, which had 167 jobs in 2009. Since 2012, the program has grown by 100 jobs each year, employing 750 young people in 2016. Liz also created partnerships with Northwestern University, NorthShore University HealthSystem, and other businesses to establish job training and apprenticeship programs for the community’s most vulnerable people. In 2009, the unemployment rate of Evanston was 8 percent. When Mayor Tisdahl left office earlier this year, unemployment was down to 4.1 percent. Liz Tisdahl also worked to make Evanston greener and—as promised— brought changes to the city’s sustain-ability efforts. According to a 2015 emissions report, Evanston reduced its greenhouse gas emissions by more than 18 percent between 2005 and 2015. In 2014, Evanston became one of Amer-ica’s first two cities to receive a four- star rating from the Sustainability Tools for Assessing and Rating Com-munities Initiative. For her environ-mental work and focus on sustain-ability issues, Liz received the Climate Protection Award from the U.S. Con-ference of Mayors. Earlier this year, after two terms in office, Liz Tisdahl decided not to run for a third. When asked why, her an-swer was simple. Although she loved being mayor, she had accomplished her goals. Liz Tisdahl went out on top. Despite her many achievements, Liz’s proudest accomplishment is her family. Now that she is retired, I know she is enjoying more time with her children and grandchildren, but this isn’t the last we have heard from Liz Tisdahl. She will continue to be a fear-less advocate for the people of Evans-ton. Since retiring, Liz has joined the board at Curt’s Cafe, an Evanston cof-fee shop that trains at-risk youth, pre-pares them to become job-ready, and helps them to transition into full-time employment. One thing is clear, Liz Tisdahl is not done helping the commu-nity she loves. I want to congratulate Liz Tisdahl on her distinguished career and thank her for her outstanding service to the peo-ple of Evanston. Now as she enters the next chapter in her life, I wish her and her family all the best. (At the request of Mr. SCHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 272, on the nomination of Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be general counsel of the Department of Transpor-tation. Had I been present, I would have voted nay. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 273, on the motion to invoke cloture on David G. Zatezalo to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health. Had I been present, I would have voted nay. ∑ (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the votes on con-firmation of Executive Calendar No. 254 and the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 383. On vote No. 272, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the confirma-tion of Executive Calendar No. 254. On vote No. 273, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 383.∑ 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.044 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7210 November 14, 2017 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–67, concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Poland for defense articles and serv-ices estimated to cost $10.5 billion. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–67 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Poland (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $ 6.8 billion. Other $ 3.7 billion. Total $10.5 billion. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: This is phase one of a two-phase program for an Integrated Air and Missile Defense (IAMD) Battle Command System (IBCS)—enabled Patriot Configura-tion–3+ with Modernized Sensors and Compo-nents consisting of: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Four (4) AN/MPQ–65 Radar Sets. Four (4) Engagement Control Stations. Four (4) Radar Interface Units (RIU) Modi-fication Kits. Sixteen (16) M903 Launching Stations adapted. Eighteen (18) Launcher Integrated Net-work Kits (LINKS) (includes two (2) spares). Two hundred and eight (208) Patriot Ad-vanced Capability–3 (PAC–3) Missile Seg-ment Enhancement (MSE) Missiles. Eleven (11) PAC–3 MSE Test Missiles. IBCS Software. Six (6) Current Operations—IBCS Engage-ment Operations Centers (EOCs). Six (6) Engagement Operations—IBCS EOCs. Two (2) Future Operations—IBCS EOCs. Fifteen (15) Integrated Fire Control Net-work (IFCN) Relays. Four (4) Electrical Power Plants (EPP) III. Five (5) Multifunctional Information Dis-tribution Systems/Low Volume Terminals (MIDS/LVTs). Non-MDE includes: Also included with this request are communications equipment, tools and test equipment, range and test pro-grams, support equipment, prime movers, generators, publications and technical docu-mentation, training equipment, spare and re-pair parts, personnel training, Technical As-sistance Field Team (TAFT), U.S. Govern-ment and contractor technical, engineering, and logistics support services, Systems Inte-gration and Checkout (SICO), field office support, and other related elements of logis-tics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Army. (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc. Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 14, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Poland—Integrated Air and Missile Defense (IAMD) Battle Command System (IBCS)— enabled Patriot Configuration–3+ with Modernized Sensors and Components The Government of Poland has requested to purchase phase one of a two-phase pro-gram for an Integrated Air and Missile De-fense (IAMD) Battle Command System (IBCS) enabled Patriot Configuration–3+ with Modernized Sensors and Components consisting of four (4) AN/MPQ–65 radar sets, four (4) engagement control stations, four (4) Radar Interface Units (RIU) modification kits, sixteen (16) M903 Launching stations adapted, eighteen (18) Launcher Integrated Network Kits (LINKs) (includes two (2) spares), two hundred and eight (208) Patriot Advanced Capabilty–3 (PAC–3) Missile Seg-ment Enhancement (MSE) missiles, eleven (11) PAC–3 MSE test missiles, IBCS software, two (2) future operations—IBCS Engagement Operations Centers (EOCs), six (6) current operations-IBCS EOCs, six (6) engagement operations-IBCS EOCs, fifteen (15) Integrated Fire Control Network (IFCN relays, four (4) Electrical Power Plants (EPP) III, and five (5) Multifunctional Information Distribution Systems/Low Volume Terminals (MIDS/ LVTs). Also included with this request are communications equipment, tools and test equipment, range and test programs, support equipment, prime movers, generators, publi-cations and technical documentation, train-ing equipment, spare and repair parts, per-sonnel training, Technical Assistance Field Team (TAFT), U.S. Government and con-tractor technical, engineering, and logistics support services, Systems Integration and Checkout (SICO), field office support, and other related elements of logistics and pro-gram support. The total estimated program cost is $10.5. billion. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by helping to improve the security of a NATO ally which has been, and continues to be an important force for polit-ical stability and economic progress in Eu-rope. This sale is consistent with U.S. initia-tives to provide key allies in the region with modern systems that will enhance interoper-ability with U.S. forces and increase secu-rity. Poland will use the IBCS-enabled Patriot missile system to improve its missile defense capability, defend its territorial integrity, and deter regional threats. The proposed sale will increase the defensive capabilities of the Polish Military to guard against hostile ag-gression and shield the NATO allies who often train and operate within Poland’s bor-ders. Poland will have no difficulty absorb-ing this system into its armed forces. The proposed sale of these missiles and equipment will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The prime contractors will be Raytheon Corporation in Andover, Massachusetts, Lockheed-Martin in Dallas, Texas, and Nor-throp Grumman in Falls Church, Virginia. The purchaser requested offsets. At this time, offset agreements are undetermined and will be defined in negotiations between the purchaser and contractors. Implementation of this proposed sale will require approximately 42 U.S. Government and 55 contractor representatives to travel to Poland for an extended period for equip-ment deprocessing/fielding, system check-out, training, and technical and logistics support. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–67 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The Patriot Air Defense System con-tains classified CONFIDENTIAL hardware components, SECRET tactical software and CRITICAL/SENSITIVE technology. Patriot ground support equipment and Patriot mis-sile hardware contain CONFIDENTIAL com-ponents and the associated launcher hard-ware is UNCLASSIFIED. Information on sys-tem performance capabilities, effectiveness, survivability, missile seeker capabilities, se-lect software/software documentation and test data are classified up to and including SECRET. The items requested represent sig-nificant technological advances for Poland. The Patriot Air Defense System continues to hold a significant technology lead over other surface-to-air missile systems in the world. 2. The Patriot Air Defense System’s sen-sitive/critical technology is primarily in the area of design and production know-how and primarily inherent in the design, develop-ment and/or manufacturing data related to certain components. The list of components is classified CONFIDENTIAL. For more in-formation contact the PEO Missiles and Space Lower Tier Project Office. 3. The Integrated Air and Missile Defense (IAMD) Battle Command System (IBCS) con-tains classified SECRET tactical software, UNCLASSIFIED hardware components, a few classified SECRET hardware components and CRITICAL/SENSITIVE technology. In-formation on Integrated Fire Control (IFC) Network performance, Integrated System Requirements and Effectiveness, Common Command and Control Requirements and Performance, Precision of sensor, shelter, launcher, and Plug & Fight module time ref-erences, Detailed security device configura-tions, Cyber Security details, Distributed Track Management Processing, Distributed Control Management Processing, External Interface Data, IBCS Specifications, Critical Elements, Vulnerabilities and Weaknesses, and Test Data, Results, and Equipment are classified up to and including SECRET. The items requested represent significant tech-nological advances for Poland Air and Mis-sile Defense. The IBCS represents a tech-nology lead over any other Air and Missile Defense (AMD) Command and Control (C2) system existing today. 4. The IBCS sensitive/critical technology is primarily in software. And also resides in the design, developments, and manufacturing of certain components. The list of components containing sensitive/critical technology is classified SECRET. 5. The loss of this hardware, software, doc-umentation and/or data could permit devel-opment of information which may lead to a significant threat to future U.S. military op-erations. If an adversary were to obtain this sensitive technology, the missile system ef-fectiveness could be compromised through reverse engineering techniques. 6. A determination has been made that Po-land can provide substantially the same de-gree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This proposed sale is necessary in fur-therance of the U.S. foreign policy and na-tional security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 7. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Government of Po-land. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.038 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7211 November 14, 2017 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–51, concerning the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of Norway for defense articles and services estimated to cost $170 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–51 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Government of Norway. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $150 million. Other $20 million. Total $170 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Sixty (60) AIM–120 C–7 Advanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Missiles (AMRAAM). Four (4) AMRAAM Guidance Section Spares. Non-MDE: Missile containers, weapon sys-tem support, support equipment, spare and repair parts, publications and technical doc-umentation, personnel training, training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, logistics, technical and support services, and other related elements of logis-tics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (X6–D– YAE). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: NO–D–YME. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 14, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Norway—AIM–120 C–7 Advanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Missile (AMRAAM) The Government of Norway requested a possible sale of sixty (60) AIM–120 C–7 Ad-vanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Missiles (AMRAAM) and four (4) AMRAAM guidance section spares. Also included are missile con-tainers, weapon system support, support equipment, spare and repair parts, publica-tions and technical documentation, per-sonnel training, training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, lo-gistics, technical and support services, and other related elements of logistics and pro-gram support. The estimated total case value is $170 million. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by improving the security of a NATO ally which continues to be an im-portant force for political stability and eco-nomic progress in Europe. The proposed sale will improve Norway’s capabilities for mutual defense, regional se-curity, force modernization, and U.S. and NATO interoperability. This sale will en-hance the Royal Norwegian Air Force’s abil-ity to defend Norway against future threats and contribute to current and future NATO operations. This is a follow-on buy of addi-tional AIM–120 C–7 missiles. Norway will be able to absorb these additional missiles and support into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractor will be Raytheon Missile Systems, Tucson, AZ. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connec-tion with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government personnel or contractor representatives to Norway. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–51 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. AIM–120 C–7 Advanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Missile (AMRAAM) is a radar guided missile featuring digital technology and micro-miniature solid-state electronics. AMRAAM capabilities include look-down/ shoot-down, multiple launches against mul-tiple targets, resistance to electronic counter measures, and interception of high flying, low flying and maneuvering targets. The AMRAAM is classified CONFIDENTIAL, major components and subsystems range from UNCLASSIFIED to CONFIDENTIAL, and technology data and other documenta-tion are classified up to SECRET. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary obtains knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the information could be used to develop countermeasures or equivalent systems that might reduce weap-on system effectiveness or be used in the de-velopment of a system with similar or ad-vanced capabilities. 3. A determination has been made that Norway can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This proposed sale is necessary to the furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the policy justification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Norway. f 
RECOGNIZING MAINE’S CONTINUUM OF CARE Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, Maine is home to strong communities and compassionate citizens. Nowhere are those qualities more evident than in our State’s commitment to end the scourge of homelessness. This effort has taken a significant step forward through the establish-ment of a single continuum of care for the State of Maine. The merger of the Portland Continuum of Care and the Maine Balance of State Continuum of Care will better enable local service providers, the statewide homeless council, and State and Federal agen-cies to address homelessness through-out Maine while accommodating spe-cific local needs. This consolidation began in 2012 with the merger of the Bangor/Greater Penobscot Continuum with the Maine Balance of State Con-tinuum of Care. I particularly com-mend the Maine State Housing Author-ity for its leadership during this proc-ess. Maine’s unified continuum of care will create greater efficiencies in the use of Federal funding under the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act of 1987, the first major national re-sponse to homelessness. As chairman of the Housing Appropriations Sub-committee, I am confident that this unification will enhance the ability of Maine’s service providers to help guide Federal policies and programs that as-sist low-income Americans, families with children, young people, seniors, and our veterans in obtaining safe shel-ter and affordable housing. With a 9-percent reduction in home-lessness from fiscal year 2016 to 2017, Maine is making great progress in aid-ing our most vulnerable citizens. The creation of a unified continuum of care will accelerate this progress, and I con-gratulate all who made it possible. Mr. KING. Mr. President, I would like to recognize the efforts of the many organizations that have agreed to come together to establish a single continuum of care for the State of Maine. Continuums of Care are sup-ported by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development to promote a communitywide commit-ment to the goal of ending homeless-ness. They are a vital partner in the works to quickly rehouse homeless in-dividuals and families to minimize trauma and dislocation; promote ac-cess to and effective use of mainstream programs; and optimize self-sufficiency among individuals and families experi-encing homelessness. Continuums of Care make important decisions about priorities for Federal funding of pro-grams that provide significant services. Prior to establishing this single con-tinuum of care for Maine, there were three separate entities that existed: the City of Portland, Greater Penob-scot, which was centered on Bangor, and everything else fell under the ‘‘Bal-ance of State’’ Continuum. While re-ceiving funding to operate a continuum of care funding requires a competitive application process, these three groups have consistently worked closely to-gether and coordinated their means. In 2012, the Greater Penobscot Continuum and ‘‘Balance of State’’ merged to-gether to create the Maine Continuum of Care. Then, in 2017, the Portland Continuum consolidated with the Maine Continuum—achieving a single continuum of care—an effort that greatly advanced the level of collabora-tion among the member agencies and has proven to be an important step in streamlining efforts and assuring available resources are meeting the needs of those who become homeless. The merger of the two continuums has resulted in more accurate collection and management of data about the ex-tent and characteristics of homeless-ness in Maine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.039 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7212 November 14, 2017 
A single continuum of care has achieved efficiencies in administrating the responsibilities delegated by the Federal Government to meet the chal-lenge of ending homelessness in Maine. As a unit, they identify the homeless service priorities and distribute re-sources accordingly. The organizations and agencies that participate in con-tinuum of care include: Maine’s net-work of 37 emergency shelters serving the entire State; MaineHousing and the Department of Health and Human Services; homeless youth providers; veterans groups; mental health and substance abuse service providers; sup-portive housing developers; local gov-ernments and public housing authori-ties; and homeless advocacy organiza-tions. In addition to providing housing and services, the members of the Maine Continuum of Care play a major role in several other statewide initiatives, in-cluding participating in the data col-lection and entry for the annual home-less assessment report AHAR, and new system performance measure reports. This significant merger was a col-laborative endeavor involving Maine’s homeless provider organizations, social service providers, and State and Fed-eral agencies. I especially want to thank the leadership and guidance pro-vided by MaineHousing, the State’s housing authority, and the chairs of Maine’s continuums throughout the merger process. I am honored to recog-nize all who were involved and to thank them for placing the individuals and families who are struggling to meet this basic human need for a warm, safe, and stable home at the cen-ter of our collective efforts to end homelessness in the State of Maine. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BARR-REEVE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Barr-Reeve Elementary School of Montgomery, IN, for being named a 2017 National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Established in 1982, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program recognizes schools that have demonstrated a vi-sion of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has allowed schools in every State to gain recognition for educational accomplishments, particu-larly in closing the achievement gaps among students. Barr-Reeve Elementary School’s his-tory traces back to 1910 when it was known as Montgomery School and had 20 students. Today Barr-Reeve Elemen-tary teaches students grades second to fifth and has approximately 290 stu-dents. The school supports students aca-demically through small class sizes. When students face academic chal-lenges, teachers help tutor them before and afterschool as well as during re-cess. Barr-Reeve Elementary utilizes inno-vative technology to learn about the geography and culture of the world on a digital level. Students each benefit from having a Chromebook, enhancing their learning and helping to prepare them for the technology based work-places they will encounter in the fu-ture. Many teachers also utilize the nearby Naval Surface Warfare Center located in Crane, IN, for professional development and to take advantage of its lending library that enhances var-ious STEM skills they can teach to students. Barr-Reeve Elementary School’s staff, students, and families work to-gether to teach and foster values that develop strong character. Each month, a different social skill is modeled and taught throughout the school. Stu-dents reinforce these positive behav-iors through cards handed out by the student council to recognize students’ positive character and leadership skills. The student council also insti-tuted a tutoring program during the lunch recess to allow students to help their peers. Barr-Reeve Elementary School is an example of how dedication, motivation, collaboration, and strong family en-gagement in education benefits both students and the local community. At Barr-Reeve, parents are not only in-volved through an active parent teach-er organization, but also as coaches, guest speakers, and volunteers in the classroom. I am proud to recognize Barr-Reeve Elementary School principal Dena Langacher, the entire staff, the student body, and their families. The effort, dedication, and value you put into edu-cation has led not only to this pres-tigious recognition, but will benefit you and the Montgomery community well into the future. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate Barr-Reeve Elementary School, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the future. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING KREHBIEL’S SALES & SERVICE ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, today I wish to take the opportunity to high-light the innovation and the creative spirit that small businesses in my home State of Idaho are known for. The small business that I am honoring today goes above and beyond when it comes to embodying that spirit. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, it is my pleasure to recognize Krehbiel’s Sales & Service as the Sen-ate Small Business of the Month for November 2017. Known for their pas-sion, friendliness, and dedication to providing unparalleled service, Krehbiel’s is the definition of what it means to be a family-owned small busi-ness in America. Clint Krehbiel and his son Terry Krehbiel opened the doors to their ve-hicle dealership in Aberdeen, ID, in 1972 while Terry was still in high school. They have been proudly serving south-east Idaho for the past 45 years. The Krehbiel family specializes in off-road recreational and utility vehicles, along with various brands of lawn care equip-ment. In addition to these products, they have expanded into several other businesses, ranging from swimming pools to satellite sales and installation. Terry and his wife, Valerie, bought Clint’s share of the business when he retired in 1996 and have made it their life’s work to carry out the principles of honest and ethical business that Clint passed down over the years. For the past four-and-a-half decades, the family’s commitment to their mission has been unwavering, and their loyalty to their customers is second to none. Perhaps the most incredible display of their dedication can be seen in the ex-pansion of their business to serve cus-tomers hundreds of miles away while still maintaining a high level of cus-tomer service and a close-knit team of employees. At any time, you can walk in and see Karalee Krehbiel-Bonzon, Terry and Valerie’s daughter, pro-viding the exceptional customer serv-ice that she has been known for ever since she started working at her fam-ily’s business in 2007. You will also see Valerie doing the bookkeeping by hand, as she has done every day since 1980. Another long-time employee is mechanic Charlie Wiebe. Charlie was hired in 1987 and is still with the busi-ness to this day. He has been an inte-gral part of building and maintaining good relationships with customers and in training other mechanics like the team’s newest member, Tyler Jones. Customer service is not the only thing that Krehbiel’s is known for. With over 60 years of combined experi-ence, their factory-trained technicians have built a reputation for high-qual-ity, dependable repairs for all manner of recreational and utility vehicles. The company’s reputation in this area brings in customers from miles around who have never bought a vehicle from the Krehbiels but who have built a bond of trust with their well-qualified mechanics. Aberdeen is considered to be ‘‘off the beaten path’’ by most people. Many say you need to have a reason to go there. Terry and Valerie, along with their em-ployees, have given many people a rea-son to do just that. A continuous entre-preneurial spirit, quality customer service, and strong relationships with long-time employees are all principles possessed by the Krehbiels. I would like to extend my sincerest congratulations to Terry and Valerie Krehbiel and all of the employees of Krehbiel’s Sales & Service for being selected as the No-vember 2017 Small Business of the Month. You make our great State proud, and I look forward to watching your continued growth and success. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.034 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7213 November 14, 2017 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 11:48 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3071. An act to require executive agen-cies to consider equipment rental in any cost-effectiveness analysis for equipment ac-quisition, and for other purposes. H.R. 3739. An act to amend the Act of Au-gust 25, 1958, commonly known as the‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with re-spect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and for other purposes. H.R. 3973. An act to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to require certain enti-ties to develop internal risk control mecha-nisms to safeguard and govern the storage of market data. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 5:21 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 1679. An act to ensure that the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency’s cur-rent efforts to modernize its grant manage-ment system includes applicant accessibility and transparency, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3071. An act to require executive agen-cies to consider equipment rental in any cost-effectiveness analysis for equipment ac-quisition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. H.R. 3739. An act to amend the Act of Au-gust 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with re-spect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 3973. An act to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to require certain enti-ties to develop internal risk control mecha-nisms to safeguard and govern the storage of market data; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communication was laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and was referred as indicated: EC–3444. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Senate, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of the receipts and expend-itures of the Senate for the period from April 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 14, 2017; ordered to lie on the table. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on Foreign Relations. *Rebecca Eliza Gonzales, of Texas, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Kingdom of Lesotho. Nominee: Rebecca Eliza Gonzales. Post: LESOTHO. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, donee: 1. Self: None. 2. James Mahlangu: Spouse: None. 3. Imagine Gonzales: Minor child—son: None. 4. Parents: Estella Gonzales: None; Jose Rene Gonzales (deceased): None. 5. Rebecca Balli Ybarra—None; Henry Ybarra—None; Juan Gonzalez—None; Guada-lupe Gonzalez—None. My grandparents are deceased. 6. Jerome Rene Gonzales: Brother: None; Amanda Lucia Gonzales: Sister-in-Law: None. *Lisa A. Johnson, of Washington, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Na-mibia Nominee: Lisa A. Johnson. Post: U.S. Ambassador to the Republic of Namibia. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: N/A. 3. Children and Spouses: N/A. 4. Parents: Melville Richard Johnson, none; Stephanie JoAnne Johnson, none. 5. Grandparents: Herbert Richard John-son—Deceased; Cora Alice Johnson—de-ceased; Ralph Williams—deceased; Delores Violet Williams—deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Michael Richard Johnson (brother), none; Christina Oliva Johnson (his spouse), none. 7. Sisters and Spouses: N/A. *Irwin Steven Goldstein, of New York, to be Under Secretary of State for Public Diplo-macy. *Sean P. Lawler, of Maryland, to be Chief of Protocol, and to have the rank of Ambas-sador during his tenure of service. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, for the Committee on Foreign Relations I re-port favorably the following nomina-tion lists which were printed in the RECORDS on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
*Foreign Service nominations beginning with Lisa-Felicia Afi Akorli and ending with Stephanie P. Wilson, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on November 1, 2017. *Foreign Service nominations beginning with John R. Bass II and ending with Sung Y. Kim, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 1, 2017. By Mr M
CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. R. D. James, of Missouri, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of the Army. *Robert H. McMahon, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. *Bruce D. Jette, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary of the Army. *Shon J. Manasco, of Texas, to be an As-sistant Secretary of the Air Force. By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Kirstjen Nielsen, of Virginia, to be Sec-retary of Homeland Security. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. 2120. A bill to prevent international vio-lence against women, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, and Mr. G ARDNER ): S. 2121. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require reporting of certain data by providers and suppliers of air ambulance services for purposes of reforming reimbursements for such services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. F RANKEN ): S. 2122. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 regarding reasonable break time for nursing mothers; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. LANKFORD: S. 2123. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow above-the-line de-ductions for charitable contributions for in-dividuals not itemizing deductions; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.009 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7214 November 14, 2017 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. 2124. A bill to ensure the privacy and se-curity of sensitive personal information, to prevent and mitigate identity theft, to pro-vide notice of security breaches involving sensitive personal information, and to en-hance law enforcement assistance and for other protections against security breaches, fraudulent access, and misuse of personal in-formation; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. C
APITO , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C
OONS , and Mrs. M CCASKILL ): S. 2125. A bill to improve the State re-sponse to the opioid abuse crisis; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. W ICKER , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. E
NZI, Mrs. C APITO , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. G RAHAM , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. S COTT, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. C
ASEY , Ms. H ASSAN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. R
OUNDS ): S. Res. 331. A resolution expressing support for the goals of National Adoption Day and National Adoption Month by promoting na-tional awareness of adoption and the chil-dren awaiting families, celebrating children and families involved in adoption, and en-couraging the people of the United States to secure safety, permanency, and well-being for all children; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 198 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 198, a bill to require con-tinued and enhanced annual reporting to Congress in the Annual Report on International Religious Freedom on anti-Semitic incidents in Europe, the safety and security of European Jewish communities, and the efforts of the United States to partner with Euro-pean governments, the European Union, and civil society groups, to combat anti-Semitism, and for other purposes. 
S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that mer-chandise arriving through the mail shall be subject to review by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection and to re-quire the provision of advance elec-tronic information on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and for other purposes. S. 527 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 527, a bill to improve access to emer-gency medical services, and for other purposes. 
S. 807 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 807, a bill to provide anti- retaliation protections for antitrust whistleblowers. 
S. 980 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 980, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for payments for certain rural health clin-ic and Federally qualified health cen-ter services furnished to hospice pa-tients under the Medicare program. 
S. 1278 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1278, a bill to provide for the admis-sion of the State of Washington, D.C. into the Union. 
S. 1299 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1299, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to reduce the occurrence of diabetes in Medicare beneficiaries by extending coverage under Medicare for medical nutrition therapy services to such beneficiaries with pre-diabetes or with risk factors for developing type 2 diabetes. 
S. 1378 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1378, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require an element in preseparation counseling for members of the Armed Forces on assistance and support services for caregivers of cer-tain veterans through the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1497 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1497, a bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to provide a lactation room in public buildings, and for other purposes. 
S. 1498 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1498, a bill to establish in the Smithsonian Institution a com-prehensive American women’s history museum, and for other purposes. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anni-versary of the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame. S. 1591 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1591, a bill to impose sanctions with re-spect to the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1591, supra. 
S. 1701 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1701, a bill to provide for Federal agencies to develop public ac-cess policies relating to research con-ducted by employees of that agency or from funds administered by that agen-cy. 
S. 1842 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1842, a bill to provide for wild-fire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1857 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1857, a bill to establish a compli-ance deadline of May 15, 2023, for Step 2 emissions standards for new residen-tial wood heaters, new residential hydronic heaters, and forced-air fur-naces. 
S. 1871 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1871, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1939 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1939, a bill to repeal the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act. 
S. 2029 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2029, a bill to establish a National and Com-munity Service Administration to carry out the national and volunteer service programs, to expand participa-tion in such programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2041 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2041, a bill to promote the use of resil-ient energy systems to rebuild infra-structure following disasters. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.016 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7215 November 14, 2017 
S. 2094 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2094, a bill to require the prompt reporting for national instant criminal background check system purposes of members of the Armed Forces convicted of domestic violence offenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2107 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2107, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Under Secretary of Health to report major adverse personnel actions in-volving certain health care employees to the National Practitioner Data Bank and to applicable State licensing boards, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 75 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 75, a resolution recognizing the 100th anniversary of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, the largest or-ganization of food and nutrition profes-sionals in the world. 
S. RES. 323 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 323, a resolution re-quiring sexual harassment training for Members, officers, employees, interns, and fellows of the Senate and a peri-odic survey of the Senate. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. 2120. A bill to prevent inter-national violence against women, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today, I join my colleagues, Senators S
HAHEEN , I
SAKSON , and M ENENDEZ , in introducing the International Violence Against Women Act of 2017. This legislation makes ending violence against women and girls a top diplomatic priority. It permanently authorizes the State De-partment’s Office of Global Women’s Issues and the position of the Ambas-sador-at-Large for Global Women’s Issues. It requires the Administration to develop and implement an annual strategy to prevent and respond to vio-lence against women and girls for each of the five years after the date of en-actment. This bill would ensure that efforts begun under President George W. Bush and President Obama to com-bat gender-based violence continue in future Administrations. Mr. President, we have witnessed great strides in women’s equality in our own Country, and in much of the world, over the past century. Across vast swathes of the globe, however, vio-lence against women and forced mar-riage remain everyday problems. One out of every three women worldwide will be physically, sexually, or other-wise abused during her lifetime, with rates reaching 70 percent in some coun-tries. This type of violence ranges from domestic violence, rape, and acid burn-ings to dowry deaths and so-called ‘‘honor killings.’’ Violence against women and girls is a human rights vio-lation, a public health epidemic, and a barrier to solving global challenges such as extreme poverty, HIV/AIDS, and conflict. Such violence is often ex-acerbated in humanitarian emer-gencies and conflict settings. In Iraq and Syria, girls and women have been abducted from their homes and villages, sold into sexual slavery, and forced into marriages with fighters of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant. In Burma, rape is used as a weap-on against the women and girls of the Rohingya ethnic group. In Nigeria, girls as young as 11-years-old are of-fered a horrendous choice by Boko Haram: carry out suicide bomb attacks against Nigerian villages or live in forced marriages and sexual slavery. This systemic targeting of women is not confined to conflict zones. In India, the United Nations special rapporteur on violence against women said that they experience such crimes ‘‘from womb to tomb.’’ Compounding this tragedy, local police often decline to investigate or seek justice. In Afghani-stan, women and girls are concerned that as Western forces draw down and attention shifts away from their coun-try, the fragile gains that have been made there could be lost. The International Violence Against Women Act—IVAWA—ensures that the U.S. will continue to take a leadership role in combatting these problems. It establishes that it is the policy of the United States to take action to prevent and respond to violence against women and girls around the globe and to sys-tematically integrate and coordinate efforts to address gender-based vio-lence into U.S. foreign policy and for-eign assistance programs. Specifically, IVAWA will foster ef-forts in four areas. First, it will in-crease legal and judicial protections by establishing and supporting laws and legal structures that prevent and ap-propriately respond to all forms of vio-lence against women and girls, includ-ing ‘‘honor killings’’ and forced mar-riage. Emphasis will be placed on pro-moting political, legal, and institu-tional reforms that recognize violence against women and girls as a crime and train police and the judiciary to hold violators accountable and to respond to the needs of victims. Second, IVAWA will increase efforts to build health sector capacity, integrating programs to address violence against women and girls into existing health programs fo-cused on child survival, women’s health, and HIV/AIDS prevention. Third, IVAWA will focus on preventing violence by changing community norms and attitudes about the accept-ability of violence against women and girls. And fourth, IVAWA will focus on reducing women and girls’ vulner-ability to violence by improving their economic status and educational op-portunities. Efforts will include ensur-ing that women have access to job training and employment opportunities and increasing their right to own land and property, allowing them to poten-tially support themselves and their children. Violence has a profound effect on the lives of women and girls. In addition to being a pressing human rights issue, such violence contributes to inequality and political instability, making it a security issue as well as a moral issue for us all. I am committed to con-tinuing to work with my colleagues to end violence against women and girls and to provide the assistance and re-sources necessary to achieve this goal. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Ms. H ARRIS ): S. 2124. A bill to ensure the privacy and security of sensitive personal in-formation, to prevent and mitigate identity theft, to provide notice of se-curity breaches involving sensitive per-sonal information, and to enhance law enforcement assistance and for other protections against security breaches, fraudulent access, and misuse of per-sonal information; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today, I am introducing the Consumer Privacy Protection Act of 2017. This legislation, if enacted, will help ensure that when Americans entrust corporations with their most sensitive personal informa-tion, these corporations take the right steps to keep this information secure, and do the right thing in the event of a data breach. In today’s modern world, data security is no longer just about protecting our identities and our bank accounts; it is about protecting our privacy and even our National se-curity. The need for this legislation has long been clear, and never more so than in the wake of the recent, massive Equifax data breach. After media in-vestigations and multiple Congres-sional hearings, we learned that the Equifax breach exposed the sensitive personal information of almost half the American population. We also learned that Equifax failed to take basic steps to secure its databases, and waited an unjustifiably long period before noti-fying consumers and regulators. Clear-ly, it is past time for all corporations that hold our personal information to maintain some common-sense, baseline cybersecurity standards. Corporations make significant profits from our personal information, and they should be obligated to keep it safe. Yet too often, data breaches con-tinue to plague American businesses 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.018 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7216 November 14, 2017 
and compromise the privacy of mil-lions of consumers. At the same time, the amount of information we share with corporations who are the target of these breaches is growing. Corpora-tions collect and store our social secu-rity numbers, our bank account infor-mation, and our email addresses. They collect information about our private health and medical conditions. They know what routes we take to work and where we drop our kids off at school. They can replicate our fingerprints or even faceprints. We trust them with private photographs that we store in the cloud. This information is increas-ingly targeted by both criminal hack-ers and nation-states, including hostile foreign powers. The Consumer Privacy Protection Act I am introducing today is based on legislation I first introduced in 2015, and builds and expands on data secu-rity legislation that I have introduced in Congress since 2005. It seeks to pro-tect the vast amount of information that we now share with corporations each and every day. Americans want to know that the corporations who are profiting from their information are actually doing something to prevent the next data breach. Americans want to know when someone has had unau-thorized access to their bank accounts and to their private family photo-graphs, but they do not just want to be notified of yet another data breach. Consumers should not have to settle for mere notice of data breaches. Amer-ican consumers deserve protection. This legislation would accomplish that. The Consumer Privacy Protection Act requires that corporations meet certain baseline privacy and data secu-rity standards to keep information they store about their customers safe, and requires that corporations provide notice and protection to consumers in the event of a breach. This legislation protects broad categories of data, in-cluding, (1) social security numbers and other government-issued identi-fication numbers; (2) financial account information, including credit card numbers and bank accounts; (3) online usernames and passwords, including email names and passwords; (4) unique biometric data, including fingerprints; (5) information about a person’s phys-ical and mental health; (6) information about geolocation; and (7) access to pri-vate digital photographs and videos. It is true that not every breach can be prevented. Cyber criminals and na-tion-state actors are determined and constantly looking for new ways to pierce the most sophisticated security systems. But just as we expect a bank to put a lock on the front door and an alarm on the vault to protect its cus-tomers’ money, we expect corporations to take reasonable measures to protect the personal information they collect from us. Unfortunately, many of the corporations that profit from the very information that we entrust them to protect, have woefully inadequate measures to secure this information. For others, security is simply not a priority. American consumers deserve better and our national security de-mands it. This legislation creates civil pen-alties for corporations that fail to meet the required privacy and data security standards established in the bill or fail to provide notice and protection to consumers when a breach occurs. The Department of Justice, the Federal Trade Commission, and State attor-neys general each have a role in en-forcement. This legislation also re-quires corporations to inform Federal law enforcement of all large data breaches, as well as breaches that could impact the federal government. Such notification is necessary to help law enforcement bring these cyber criminals to justice and identify pat-terns that help protect against future attacks. Many Americans understandably as-sume Federal law already protects this sensitive information—common sense tells us that it should. Unfortunately, the reality is that it does not. States provide a patchwork of protection, and while some laws are strong, others are not. For example, my home state of Vermont has a strong data breach noti-fication law that that has been in ef-fect since 2007. But there are many other States that have not passed data security laws designed to prevent data breaches. This legislation sets a floor: a base-line standard that that protects Ameri-cans across the country, while also freeing individual States to provide even stronger protections to their resi-dents. In crafting Federal law, we must be careful not to override strong State laws, but we also need to ensure that all Americans, regardless of where they live, have their privacy protected. To this end, the Consumer Privacy Protec-tion Act preempts State law relating to data security and data breach notifi-cation only to the extent that the pro-tections under those laws are weaker than those provided for in this bill. We must ensure that consumers do not lose privacy protections they currently enjoy. Since this bill is modeled after those States with the strongest con-sumer protections, I believe it will im-prove protections for consumers in nearly every State. I am joined today by Senators M
AR-
KEY, BLUMENTHAL , W YDEN , FRANKEN , and B
ALDWIN in introducing this legis-lation. These Senators have long shared my commitment to protecting consumer privacy. This legislation also has the support of leading consumer privacy advocates, including: the Cen-ter for Democracy and Technology, the Consumer Federation of America, New America’s Open Technology Institute, and Public Knowledge. Millions of Americans who have had their personal information com-promised or stolen as a result of a data breach consider this issue to be of crit-ical importance and a priority for the Senate. Protecting privacy rights should be important to all of us, re-gardless of party or ideology. I hope all Senators will support this common- sense measure to better protect Ameri-cans’ privacy. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 331—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE GOALS OF NATIONAL ADOPTION DAY AND NATIONAL ADOPTION MONTH BY PROMOTING NA-TIONAL AWARENESS OF ADOP-TION AND THE CHILDREN AWAITING FAMILIES, CELE-BRATING CHILDREN AND FAMI-LIES INVOLVED IN ADOPTION, AND ENCOURAGING THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES TO SE-CURE SAFETY, PERMANENCY, AND WELL-BEING FOR ALL CHIL-DREN Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. W ICKER , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. E
NZI, Mrs. C APITO , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. D AINES , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. S COTT, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. H ASSAN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. B
OOKER , and Mr. R OUNDS ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 331 Whereas there are millions of unparented children in the world, including 427,910 chil-dren in the foster care system in the United States, approximately 111,820 of whom are waiting for families to adopt them; Whereas 62 percent of the children in foster care in the United States are age 10 or younger; Whereas the average length of time a child spends in foster care is approximately 2 years; Whereas, for many foster children, the wait for a loving family in which the chil-dren are nurtured, comforted, and protected seems endless; Whereas, in 2015, over 20,000 youth ‘‘aged out’’ of foster care by reaching adulthood without being placed in a permanent home; Whereas, every day, loving and nurturing families are strengthened and expanded when committed and dedicated individuals make an important difference in the life of a child through adoption; Whereas, while nearly a quarter of individ-uals in the United States have considered adoption, a majority of individuals in the United States have misperceptions about the process of adopting children from foster care and the children who are eligible for adop-tion; Whereas 50 percent of individuals in the United States believe that children enter the foster care system because of juvenile delin-quency, when in reality the vast majority of children who have entered the foster care system were victims of neglect, abandon-ment, or abuse; Whereas 39 percent of individuals in the United States believe that foster care adop-tion is expensive, when in reality there is no substantial cost for adopting from foster care and financial support is available to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.022 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7217 November 14, 2017 
adoptive parents after an adoption is final-ized; Whereas family reunification, kinship care, and domestic and intercountry adop-tion promote permanency and stability to a far greater degree than long-term institu-tionalization or long-term, often disrupted, foster care; Whereas November is National Adoption Month, and National Adoption Day occurs in November; Whereas National Adoption Day is a collec-tive national effort to find permanent, loving families for children in the foster care sys-tem; Whereas, since the first National Adoption Day in 2000, more than 60,000 children have joined permanent families on National Adop-tion Day; and Whereas the President traditionally issues an annual proclamation to declare the month of November as National Adoption Month, and National Adoption Day is on No-vember 18, 2017: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Adoption Day and National Adoption Month; (2) recognizes that every child should have a permanent and loving family; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to consider adoption during the month of November and throughout the year. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1584. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN (for herself, Mr. T HUNE , Mr. N ELSON , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. D
URBIN , and Ms. W ARREN )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 534, to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other purposes. SA 1585. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. W YDEN ) proposed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 318, honoring the Portland Thorns FC as the champion of the National Women’s Soc-cer League in 2017. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1584. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mrs. F
EINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. T HUNE , Mr. N
ELSON , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. D URBIN , and Ms. W AR-
REN)) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 534, to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by re-quiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse and Safe Sport Authorization Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—PROTECTING YOUNG VICTIMS FROM SEXUAL ABUSE Sec. 101. Required reporting of child and sex-ual abuse. Sec. 102. Civil remedy for personal injuries. TITLE II—UNITED STATES CENTER FOR SAFE SPORT AUTHORIZATION Sec. 201. Expansion of the purposes of the corporation. Sec. 202. Designation of the United States Center for Safe Sport. Sec. 203. Additional requirements for grant-ing sanctions for amateur ath-letic competitions. Sec. 204. General requirements for youth- serving amateur sports organi-zations. TITLE I—PROTECTING YOUNG VICTIMS FROM SEXUAL ABUSE SEC. 101. REQUIRED REPORTING OF CHILD AND SEXUAL ABUSE. 
(a) R EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Section 226 of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (34 U.S.C. 20341) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘A person who’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED PROFESSIONALS .—A person who’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—A covered indi-vidual who learns of facts that give reason to suspect that a child has suffered an incident of child abuse, including sexual abuse, shall as soon as possible make a report of the sus-pected abuse to the agency designated by the Attorney General under subsection (d).’’; (2) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) the term ‘covered individual’ means an adult who is authorized, by a national gov-erning body, a member of a national gov-erning body, or an amateur sports organiza-tion that participates in interstate or inter-national amateur athletic competition, to interact with a minor or amateur athlete at an amateur sports organization facility or at any event sanctioned by a national gov-erning body, a member of a national gov-erning body, or such an amateur sports orga-nization; ‘‘(10) the term ‘event’ includes travel, lodg-ing, practice, competition, and health or medical treatment; ‘‘(11) the terms ‘amateur athlete’, ‘amateur athletic competition’, ‘amateur sports orga-nization’, ‘international amateur athletic competition’, and ‘national governing body’ have the meanings given the terms in sec-tion 220501(b) of title 36, United States Code; and ‘‘(12) the term ‘as soon as possible’ means within a 24-hour period.’’; (4) in subsection (d), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘and for all covered individ-uals’’ after ‘‘reside’’; (5) in subsection (f), in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘and on all’’ and inserting ‘‘on all’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and for all covered indi-viduals,’’ after ‘‘lands,’’; (6) in subsection (h), by inserting ‘‘and all covered individuals,’’ after ‘‘facilities,’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to require a victim of child abuse to self-report the abuse.’’. (b) P
ENALTY FOR FAILURE TO REPORT .—Sec- tion 2258 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or a covered indi-vidual as described in subsection (a)(2) of such section 226 who,’’ after ‘‘facility,’’. 
SEC. 102. CIVIL REMEDY FOR PERSONAL INJU-RIES. 
Section 2255 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Any person who, while a minor, was a victim of a violation of section 1589, 1590, 1591, 2241(c), 2242, 2243, 2251, 2251A, 2252, 2252A, 2260, 2421, 2422, or 2423 of this title and who suffers personal injury as a result of such violation, regardless of whether the in-jury occurred while such person was a minor, may sue in any appropriate United States District Court and shall recover the actual damages such person sustains or liquidated damages in the amount of $150,000, and the cost of the action, including reasonable at-torney’s fees and other litigation costs rea-sonably incurred. The court may also award punitive damages and such other prelimi-nary and equitable relief as the court deter-mines to be appropriate.’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘filed within’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting the following: ‘‘filed— ‘‘(1) not later than 10 years after the date on which the plaintiff reasonably discovers the later of— ‘‘(A) the violation that forms the basis for the claim; or ‘‘(B) the injury that forms the basis for the claim; or ‘‘(2) not later than 10 years after the date on which the victim reaches 18 years of age.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) V
ENUE ; SERVICE OF PROCESS .— ‘‘(1) V
ENUE .—Any action brought under subsection (a) may be brought in the district court of the United States that meets appli-cable requirements relating to venue under section 1391 of title 28. ‘‘(2) S
ERVICE OF PROCESS .—In an action brought under subsection (a), process may be served in any district in which the defend-ant— ‘‘(A) is an inhabitant; or ‘‘(B) may be found.’’. TITLE II—UNITED STATES CENTER FOR SAFE SPORT AUTHORIZATION 
SEC. 201. EXPANSION OF THE PURPOSES OF THE CORPORATION. 
Section 220503 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (14), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) to promote a safe environment in sports that is free from abuse, including emotional, physical, and sexual abuse, of any amateur athlete.’’. 
SEC. 202. DESIGNATION OF THE UNITED STATES CENTER FOR SAFE SPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2205 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subchapter III—United States Center for Safe Sport ‘‘§ 220541. Designation of United States Cen-ter for Safe Sport ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The United States Cen-ter for Safe Sport shall— ‘‘(1) serve as the independent national safe sport organization and be recognized world-wide as the independent national safe sport organization for the United States; ‘‘(2) exercise jurisdiction over the corpora-tion, each national governing body, and each paralympic sports organization with regard to safeguarding amateur athletes against abuse, including emotional, physical, and sexual abuse, in sports; ‘‘(3) maintain an office for education and outreach that shall develop training, over-sight practices, policies, and procedures to prevent the abuse, including emotional, physical, and sexual abuse, of amateur ath-letes participating in amateur athletic ac-tivities through national governing bodies and paralympic sports organizations; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.025 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7218 November 14, 2017 
‘‘(4) maintain an office for response and resolution that shall establish mechanisms that allow for the reporting, investigation, and resolution, pursuant to subsection (c), of alleged sexual abuse in violation of the Cen-ter’s policies and procedures; and ‘‘(5) ensure that the mechanisms under paragraph (4) provide fair notice and an op-portunity to be heard and protect the pri-vacy and safety of complainants. ‘‘(b) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The poli- cies and procedures developed under sub-section (a)(3) shall apply as though they were incorporated in and made a part of section 220524 of this title. ‘‘(c) B
INDING ARBITRATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Center may, in its discretion, utilize a neutral arbitration body and develop policies and procedures to re-solve allegations of sexual abuse within its jurisdiction to determine the opportunity of any amateur athlete, coach, trainer, man-ager, administrator, or official, who is the subject of such an allegation, to participate in amateur athletic competition. ‘‘(2) P
RESERVATION OF RIGHTS .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as altering, superseding, or otherwise affecting the right of an individual within the Center’s jurisdic-tion to pursue civil remedies through the courts for personal injuries arising from abuse in violation of the Center’s policies and procedures, nor shall the Center condi-tion the participation of any such individual in a proceeding described in paragraph (1) upon an agreement not to pursue such civil remedies. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), an applicable entity shall not be liable for damages in any civil action for defamation, libel, slander, or damage to rep-utation arising out of any action or commu-nication, if the action arises from the execu-tion of the responsibilities or functions de-scribed in this section, section 220542, or sec-tion 220543. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply in any action in which an applicable entity acted with actual malice, or provided information or took action not pursuant to this section, section 220542, or section 220543. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITION OF APPLICABLE ENTITY .—In this subsection, the term ‘applicable entity’ means— ‘‘(A) the Center; ‘‘(B) a national governing body; ‘‘(C) a paralympic sports organization; ‘‘(D) an amateur sports organization or other person sanctioned by a national gov-erning body under section 220525; ‘‘(E) an amateur sports organization re-porting under section 220530; ‘‘(F) any officer, employee, agent, or mem-ber of an entity described in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E); and ‘‘(G) any individual participating in a pro-ceeding pursuant to this section. ‘‘§ 220542. Additional duties. ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Center shall— ‘‘(1) develop training, oversight practices, policies, and procedures for implementation by a national governing body or paralympic sports organization to prevent the abuse, in-cluding emotional, physical, and sexual abuse, of any amateur athlete; and ‘‘(2) include in the policies and procedures developed under section 220541(a)(3)— ‘‘(A) a requirement that all adult members of a national governing body, a paralympic sports organization, or a facility under the jurisdiction of a national governing body or paralympic sports organization, and all adults authorized by such members to inter-act with an amateur athlete, report imme-diately any allegation of child abuse of an amateur athlete who is a minor to— ‘‘(i) the Center, whenever such members or adults learn of facts leading them to suspect reasonably that an amateur athlete who is a minor has suffered an incident of child abuse; and ‘‘(ii) law enforcement consistent with sec-tion 226 of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (34 U.S.C. 20341); ‘‘(B) a mechanism, approved by a trained expert on child abuse, that allows a com-plainant to report easily an incident of child abuse to the Center, a national governing body, law enforcement authorities, or other appropriate authorities; ‘‘(C) reasonable procedures to limit one-on- one interactions between an amateur athlete who is a minor and an adult (who is not the minor’s legal guardian) at a facility under the jurisdiction of a national governing body or paralympic sports organization without being in an observable and interruptible dis-tance from another adult, except under emergency circumstances; ‘‘(D) procedures to prohibit retaliation, by any national governing body or paralympic sports organization, against any individual who makes a report under subparagraph (A) or subparagraph (B); ‘‘(E) oversight procedures, including reg-ular and random audits conducted by subject matter experts unaffiliated with, and inde-pendent of, a national governing body or a paralympic sports organization of each na-tional governing body and paralympic sports organization to ensure that policies and pro-cedures developed under that section are fol-lowed correctly and that consistent training is offered and given to all adult members who are in regular contact with amateur athletes who are minors, and subject to pa-rental consent, to members who are minors, regarding prevention of child abuse; and ‘‘(F) a mechanism by which a national gov-erning body or paralympic sports organiza-tion can— ‘‘(i) share confidentially a report of sus-pected child abuse of an amateur athlete who is a minor by a member of a national gov-erning body or paralympic sports organiza-tion, or an adult authorized by a national governing body, paralympic sports organiza-tion, or an amateur sports organization to interact with an amateur athlete who is a minor, with the Center, which in turn, may share with relevant national governing bod-ies, paralympic sports organizations, and other entities; and ‘‘(ii) withhold providing to an adult who is the subject of an allegation of child abuse authority to interact with an amateur ath-lete who is a minor until the resolution of such allegation. ‘‘(b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the ability of a national governing body or paralympic sports organization to impose an interim measure to prevent an individual who is the subject of an allegation of sexual abuse from interacting with an amateur ath-lete prior to the Center exercising its juris-diction over a matter. ‘‘§ 220543. Records, audits, and reports ‘‘(a) R
ECORDS .—The Center shall keep cor-rect and complete records of account. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—The Center shall submit an annual report to Congress, including— ‘‘(1) an audit conducted and submitted in accordance with section 10101; and ‘‘(2) a description of the activities of the Center. ‘‘§ 220544. Authorization of appropriations ‘‘There is authorized to be appropriated to the Center $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 220501(b) of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (8) as paragraphs (6) through (10), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) ‘Center’ means the United States Cen-ter for Safe Sport designated under section 220541. ‘‘(5) ‘child abuse’ has the meaning given the term in section 212 of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (34 U.S.C. 20302).’’. (c) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of chapter 2205 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III — UNITED STATES CENTER  
FOR SAFE SPORT  ‘‘220541. Designation of United States Center for Safe Sport. ‘‘220542. Additional duties. ‘‘220543. Records, audits, and reports. ‘‘220544. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
SEC. 203. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR GRANTING SANCTIONS FOR AMA-TEUR ATHLETIC COMPETITIONS. 
Section 220525(b)(4) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) the amateur sports organization or person requesting sanction from a national governing body will implement and abide by the policies and procedures to prevent the abuse, including emotional, physical, and child abuse, of amateur athletes partici-pating in amateur athletic activities appli-cable to such national governing body.’’. 
SEC. 204. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR YOUTH- SERVING AMATEUR SPORTS ORGA-NIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 2205 of title 36, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 220530. Other amateur sports organizations ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An applicable amateur sports organization shall— ‘‘(1) comply with the reporting require-ments of section 226 of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (34 U.S.C. 20341); ‘‘(2) establish reasonable procedures to limit one-on-one interactions between an amateur athlete who is a minor and an adult (who is not the minor’s legal guardian) at a facility under the jurisdiction of the applica-ble amateur sports organization without being in an observable and interruptible dis-tance from another adult, except under emergency circumstances; ‘‘(3) offer and provide consistent training to all adult members who are in regular con-tact with amateur athletes who are minors, and subject to parental consent, to members who are minors, regarding prevention and re-porting of child abuse to allow a complain-ant to report easily an incident of child abuse to appropriate persons; and ‘‘(4) prohibit retaliation, by the applicable amateur sports organization, against any in-dividual who makes a report under para-graph (1). ‘‘(b) D
EFINITION OF APPLICABLE AMATEUR  S
PORTS ORGANIZATION .—In this section, the term ‘applicable amateur sports organiza-tion’ means an amateur sports organiza-tion— ‘‘(1) that is not otherwise subject to the re-quirements under subchapter III; ‘‘(2) that participates in an interstate or international amateur athletic competition; and ‘‘(3) whose membership includes any adult who is in regular contact with an amateur athlete who is a minor.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of chapter 2205 of title 36, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.026 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7219 November 14, 2017 
States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 220529 the fol-lowing: ‘‘220530. Other amateur sports organiza-tions.’’. 
SA 1585. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. W
YDEN ) proposed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 318, honoring the Portland Thorns FC as the champion of the National Women’s Soccer League in 2017; as follows: 
In the fourth whereas clause of the pre-amble, strike ‘‘Head Coach, Mark Parsons, and Chief Executive Officer, Merritt Paulson, of the Portland Thorns FC’’ and in-sert ‘‘Chief Executive Officer of the Portland Thorns FC, Merritt Paulson,’’. Insert after the fourth whereas clause of the preamble the following: Whereas the Head Coach of the Portland Thorns FC, Mark Parsons, won the NWSL Championship for the first time; f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I have 10 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 14, 2017, at 10 a.m. to conduct hearing on the following nominations: Anthony Kurta, of Montana, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary, and James E. McPherson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army, both of the Department of De-fense, and Gregory E. Maggs, of Vir-ginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 14, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., in SD–366 to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 14, 2017, at 9 a.m., in SH–216 to conduct hearing on the bill entitled ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 14, 2017, at 10 a.m., in SD–430 to conduct hearing entitled ‘‘Gene Editing Technology: In-novation and Impact’’. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, Novem-ber 14, 2017, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on S. 1928 and the following nominations: of Eric M. Ueland, of Or-egon, to be an Under Secretary (Man-agement), Lisa A. Johnson, of Wash-ington, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Namibia, Sean P. Lawler, of Maryland, to be Chief of Protocol, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service, Irwin Steven Goldstein, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy, Re-becca Eliza Gonzales, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Leso-tho, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, all of the Department of State. COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, Novem-ber 14, 2017, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the President’s Nuclear Au-thorities. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 14, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., in SH– 219 to conduct a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CONSUMER PROTECTION , 
PRODUCT SAFETY , INSURANCE , AND DATA SE -
CURITY  
The Subcommittee on Consumer Pro-tection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, No-vember 14, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., in SR–253 to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Tech-nology in Agriculture: Data-Driven Farming’’. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EAST ASIA , THE PACIFIC , AND 
INTERNATIONAL CYBERSECURITY POLICY  
The Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecu-rity Policy of the Committee on For-eign Relations is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 14, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. to hold a hearing entitled ‘‘American Leadership in the Asia-Pacific, Part 4: View from Beijing.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CLEAN AIR AND NUCLEAR  
SAFETY  
The Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety of the Committee on Environment and Public Works is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 14, 2017, at 10 a.m., in SD–406 to conduct hearing on the following legislation: S. 1857, to establish a compliance deadline of May 15, 2023, for Step 2 emissions standards for new residential wood heaters, new residential hydronic heat-ers, and forced-air furnaces, S. 203, to reaffirm that the Environmental Pro-tection Agency may not regulate vehi-cles used solely for competition, S. 839, to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manufacturing be-fore requiring compliance with such rule, and S. 1934, to prevent cata-strophic failure or shutdown of remote diesel power engines due to emission control devices. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have one request for a committee to meet during today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, November 14, 2017, to conduct hearing on the nomi-nation of Kirsten M. Nielsen, to be Sec-retary of U.S. Department of Homeland Security. 
f 
PROTECTING YOUNG VICTIMS FROM SEXUAL ABUSE ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 121, S. 534. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 534) to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIRED REPORTING OF CHILD AND SEXUAL ABUSE. 
(a) R EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Section 226 of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13031) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘A person who’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED PROFESSIONALS .—A person who’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—A covered indi-vidual who learns of facts that give reason to suspect that a child has suffered an incident of child abuse, including sexual abuse, shall as soon as possible make a report of the suspected abuse to the agency designated by the Attorney General under subsection (d).’’; (2) in subsection (b), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) the term ‘covered individual’ means an adult who is authorized by a national governing body or a member of a national governing body to interact with a minor or amateur athlete at an amateur sports organization facility or at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.026 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7220 November 14, 2017 
any event sanctioned by a national governing body or a member of a national governing body; ‘‘(10) the term ‘event’ includes travel, practice, competition, and health or medical treatment; ‘‘(11) the terms ‘amateur athlete’, ‘amateur sports organization’, and ‘national governing body’ have the meanings given the terms in sec-tion 220501(b) of title 36, United States Code; and ‘‘(12) the term ‘as soon as possible’ means within a 24-hour period.’’; (4) in subsection (d), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘and for all covered individuals’’ after ‘‘reside’’; (5) in subsection (f), in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘and on all’’ and inserting ‘‘on all’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and for all covered individ-uals,’’ after ‘‘lands,’’; (6) in subsection (h), by inserting ‘‘and all covered individuals,’’ after ‘‘facilities,’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to require a victim of child abuse to self-report the abuse.’’. (b) P
ENALTY FOR FAILURE TO REPORT .—Sec- tion 2258 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘or a covered individual as described in subsection (a)(2) of such section 226 who,’’ after ‘‘facility,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘not more than 1 year’’ and in-serting ‘‘not more than 3 years’’. 
SEC. 3. CIVIL REMEDY FOR PERSONAL INJURIES. 
Section 2255 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any person who, while a minor, was a victim of a violation of section 1589, 1590, 1591, 2241(c), 2242, 2243, 2251, 2251A, 2252, 2252A, 2260, 2421, 2422, or 2423 of this title and who suffers personal injury as a result of such violation, regardless of whether the injury occurred while such person was a minor, may sue in any appropriate United States District Court and shall recover the actual damages such person sustains or liquidated damages in the amount of $150,000, and the cost of the ac-tion, including reasonable attorney’s fees and other litigation costs reasonably incurred. The court may also award punitive damages and such other preliminary and equitable relief as the court determines to be appropriate.’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘filed with-in’’ and all that follows through the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘filed— ‘‘(1) not later than 10 years after the date on which the plaintiff discovers the later of— ‘‘(A) the violation that forms the basis for the claim; or ‘‘(B) the injury that forms the basis for the claim; or ‘‘(2) not later than 10 years after the date on which a legal disability ends.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) V
ENUE; SERVICE OF PROCESS .— ‘‘(1) V
ENUE.—Any action brought under sub-section (a) may be brought in the district court of the United States that meets applicable re-quirements relating to venue under section 1391 of title 28. ‘‘(2) S
ERVICE OF PROCESS .—In an action brought under subsection (a), process may be served in any district in which the defendant— ‘‘(A) is an inhabitant; or ‘‘(B) may be found.’’. 
SEC. 4. EXPANSION OF AUTHORITIES AND DUTIES OF NATIONAL GOVERNING BODIES RECOGNIZED BY THE UNITED STATES OLYMPIC COMMITTEE TO PREVENT THE ABUSE OF MINOR AND AMATEUR ATHLETES. 
(a) E XPANSION OF AUTHORITIES .—Section 220523(a) of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (7), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) develop training, oversight practices, policies, and procedures to prevent the abuse, including physical abuse and sexual abuse, of any minor or amateur athlete by any adult.’’. (b) ADDITIONAL DUTIES .—Section 220524 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘For the sport’’; (2) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (3) in paragraph (9), by striking the period and inserting a semicolon; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) develop and enforce policies, mecha-nisms, and procedures to prevent the abuse, in-cluding physical abuse and sexual abuse, of any minor or amateur athlete, including— ‘‘(A) requiring all adults authorized by a na-tional governing body or a member of a national governing body to interact with a minor or ama-teur athlete at an amateur sports organization facility or at any event sanctioned by a national governing body or a member of a national gov-erning body, to report facts that give reason to suspect child abuse, including sexual abuse, as required by relevant Federal or State law, to law enforcement authorities and other appro-priate authorities, including an entity des-ignated by the corporation to investigate and re-solve such allegations; ‘‘(B) establishing a mechanism, approved by a trained expert on child abuse, that allows an in-dividual to easily report an incident of child abuse as described in subparagraph (A) to the national governing body or another authority, including an entity designated by the corpora-tion; ‘‘(C) procedures to ensure that each amateur athlete who is a minor is prevented from being in a one-on-one situation with an adult (who is not the minor’s legal guardian) at an amateur sports organization facility, at any event sanc-tioned by a national governing body, or any event sanctioned by a member of a national gov-erning body, without being observable or inter-ruptible by another adult; and ‘‘(D) oversight procedures, including regular and random audits, not to exceed once a year, conducted by subject matter experts unaffiliated with the national governing body, of all mem-bers and adults described in subparagraph (A) to ensure that policies and procedures developed under this paragraph are followed correctly and that consistent training is offered and given to all members regarding the prevention of child abuse; and ‘‘(11) in the case of a national governing body with jurisdiction over more than one amateur sports organization facility or event, establish a mechanism by which— ‘‘(A) the national governing body can— ‘‘(i) receive a report of suspected sexual mis-conduct by an adult authorized by a national governing body or a member of a national gov-erning body to interact with a minor or amateur athlete at an amateur sports organization facil-ity or at any event sanctioned by a national governing body or a member of a national gov-erning body; and ‘‘(ii) confidentially share a report received under clause (i) with each of the other amateur sports organizations, facilities, or members under the jurisdiction of the national governing body; and ‘‘(B) an amateur sports organization, facility, or member under the jurisdiction of the national governing body can— ‘‘(i) review the reports received by the na-tional governing body under subparagraph (A)(i) to assess any allegations of sexual mis-conduct made in such reports; and ‘‘(ii) withhold providing to an adult who is the subject of an allegation of sexual mis-conduct in a report reviewed under clause (i) authority to interact with a minor or amateur athlete at such organization, facility, or event until the resolution of such allegation. ‘‘(b) LIMITED LIABILITY FOR THE UNITED  S
TATES OLYMPIC COMMITTEE , NATIONAL GOV-
ERNING BODIES , AND AN ENTITY DESIGNATED BY  
THEUNITED STATES OLYMPIC COMMITTEE TO IN-
VESTIGATE AND RESOLVE SEXUAL MISCONDUCT  A
LLEGATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graphs (2) and (3), no civil or criminal action may be brought in any Federal or State court against the United States Olympic Committee, a national governing body, or an amateur sports organization, facility, or event under the juris-diction of a national governing body, or an enti-ty designated by the United States Olympic Committee to investigate and resolve sexual mis-conduct allegations described in subsection (a)(11), including any director, officer, em-ployee, or agent of such entity, if the action arises from the execution of the responsibilities or functions described in subsection (a)(11). ‘‘(2) I
NTENTIONAL , RECKLESS , OR OTHER MIS -
CONDUCT .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a civil or criminal action if the United States Olympic Committee, a national governing body, an amateur sports organization, facility, or event under the jurisdiction of a national gov-erning body, or an entity designated by the United States Olympic Committee to investigate and resolve sexual misconduct allegations de-scribed in subsection (a)(11), or a director, offi-cer, employee, or agent of such entity— ‘‘(A) engaged in intentional misconduct; or ‘‘(B) acted or failed to act— ‘‘(i) with actual malice; ‘‘(ii) with reckless disregard for a risk of caus-ing injury; or ‘‘(iii) for a purpose unrelated to the perform-ance of any responsibility or function described in subsection (a)(11). ‘‘(3) O
RDINARY BUSINESS ACTIVITIES .—Para- graph (1) shall not apply to any act or omission relating to an ordinary business activity, in-cluding general administration or operations, the use of motor vehicles, or personnel manage-ment. ‘‘(4) L
IMITED EFFECT .—Nothing in this section shall apply to any act or omission arising out of any responsibility or function not described in subsection (a)(11).’’. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Section 220522 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection (a) shall be construed to limit the ability of a national governing body to develop a policy or procedure to prevent an individual who is the subject of an allegation of sexual misconduct from interacting with a minor or amateur athlete until such time as the national governing body or an entity with applicable ju-risdiction resolves such allegation.’’. (d) R
EVIEW OF RECOGNITION OF AMATEUR  S
PORTS ORGANIZATIONS AS NATIONAL GOVERNING  B
ODIES .—Section 220521(d) of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn; that the substitute amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was with-drawn. The amendment (No. 1584) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.036 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7221 November 14, 2017 
The bill (S. 534), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
HONORING THE PORTLAND THORNS FC AS THE CHAMPION OF THE NATIONAL WOMEN’S SOCCER LEAGUE IN 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. Res. 318 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 318) honoring the Portland Thorns FC as the champion of the National Women’s Soccer League in 2017. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to; the amendment to the preamble, which is at the desk, be agreed to; the preamble, as amended, be agreed to; and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 318) was agreed to. The amendment (No. 1585) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the preamble) In the fourth whereas clause of the pre-amble, strike ‘‘Head Coach, Mark Parsons, and Chief Executive Officer, Merritt Paulson, of the Portland Thorns FC’’ and in-sert ‘‘Chief Executive Officer of the Portland Thorns FC, Merritt Paulson,’’. Insert after the fourth whereas clause of the preamble the following: Whereas the Head Coach of the Portland Thorns FC, Mark Parsons, won the NWSL Championship for the first time; 
The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. The resolution with its preamble, as amended, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 318 Whereas the Portland Thorns FC won the National Women’s Soccer League (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NWSL’’) Cham-pionship on October 14, 2017; Whereas the Portland Thorns FC won the NWSL Championship, an event that has been held for 5 years, for the second time by de-feating the North Carolina Courage by a score of 1 to 0; Whereas Portland Thorns FC midfielder Lindsey Horan scored the only goal in the 2017 NWSL Championship and was named the Most Valuable Player of that Championship; Whereas the Chief Executive Officer of the Portland Thorns FC, Merritt Paulson, won the NWSL Championship for the second time; Whereas the Head Coach of the Portland Thorns FC, Mark Parsons, won the NWSL Championship for the first time; Whereas the Rose City Riveters and the fans of the Portland Thorns FC, who provide the Providence Park venue with spirit and pride, are the best fans in the NWSL; Whereas the Portland Thorns FC holds the record for highest average game attendance in the NWSL in 2017 and has held that record in each year since the establishment of the NWSL in 2013; Whereas the goalkeeper of the Portland Thorns FC, Adrianna Franch, was named the NWSL Goalkeeper of the Year for 2017; Whereas the Portland Thorns FC adopted the official State motto of Oregon, ‘‘Alis Volat Propriis’’, meaning ‘‘She Flies with Her Own Wings’’, to capture the independent spirit of Oregon; Whereas the Portland Thorns FC holds community service events to inspire and in-volve young women and men in the Portland community through science, technology, en-gineering, mathematics, and environmental education; and Whereas the success of the Portland Thorns FC soccer team will broaden an ap-preciation of athletics in young people and encourage Oregonians to engage in their communities: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the Portland Thorns FC as the 2017 champion of the National Women’s Soc-cer League; (2) recognizes the outstanding achievement of the players, ownership, and staff of the Portland Thorns FC; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) Merritt Paulson, the Chief Executive Officer of the Portland Thorns FC; (B) Gavin Wilkinson, the General Manager of the Portland Thorns FC; and (C) Mark Parsons, the Head Coach of the Portland Thorns FC. f ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, No-vember 15; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Zatezalo nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. If there is no fur-ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:21 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, November 15, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
ALEX MICHAEL AZAR II, OF INDIANA, TO BE SEC-RETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, VICE THOM-AS PRICE, RESIGNED. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
TIMOTHY R. PETTY, OF INDIANA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR, VICE ANNE CASTLE, RE-SIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
ROBERT FRANK PENCE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF FINLAND. 
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL  
INTELLIGENCE  
JASON KLITENIC, OF MARYLAND, TO BE GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NA-TIONAL INTELLIGENCE, VICE ROBERT S. LITT. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE DEPUTY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL OF THE AIR FORCE AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 8037: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. CHARLES L. PLUMMER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ARTHUR E. JACKMAN, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JOSEF F. SCHMID III THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. SHARON A. SHAFFER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. PAUL A. FRIEDRICHS COL. LEE H. HARVIS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOHN M. BREAZEALE COL. DAMON S. FELTMAN COL. ANNE B. GUNTER COL. SCHEID P. HODGES COL. RICHARD L. KEMBLE COL. TANYA R. KUBINEC COL. ERICH C. NOVAK COL. JEFFREY T. PENNINGTON COL. JOHN N. TREE COL. AARON G. VANGELISTI COL. WILLIAM W. WHITTENBERGER, JR. COL. CHRISTOPHER F. YANCY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 8081: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. SHARON R. BANNISTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 8069: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ROBERT J. MARKS THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DARLOW G. BOTHA, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. STEVEN J. DEMILLIANO COL. CHRISTOPHER E. FINERTY THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHELE K. LAMONTAGNE COL. MICHAEL J. REGAN, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RONALD G. ALLEN, JR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G14NO6.046 S14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7222 November 14, 2017 
COL. MARK R. AUGUST COL. CHARLES E. BROWN, JR. COL. JOEL L. CAREY COL. BRENDA P. CARTIER COL. DARREN R. COLE COL. HEATH A. COLLINS COL. DOUGLAS S. COPPINGER COL. MATTHEW W. DAVIDSON COL. TODD A. DOZIER COL. PETER M. FESLER COL. ERIC H. FROEHLICH COL. MICHAEL A. GREINER COL. ANDREW P. HANSEN COL. MICHELLE L. HAYWORTH COL. THOMAS K. HENSLEY COL. JEFFREY H. HURLBERT COL. STEPHEN F. JOST COL. JEFFREY R. KING COL. LEONARD J. KOSINSKI COL. THOMAS E. KUNKEL COL. LAURA L. LENDERMAN COL. RODNEY D. LEWIS COL. ROBERT K. LYMAN COL. DAVID B. LYONS COL. MICHAEL E. MARTIN COL. JOSEPH D. MCFALL COL. DAVID N. MILLER, JR. COL. CHRISTOPHER J. NIEMI COL. CLARK J. QUINN COL. GEORGE M. REYNOLDS COL. DOUGLAS A. SCHIESS COL. DAVID W. SNODDY COL. ADRIAN L. SPAIN COL. ERNEST J. TEICHERT III COL. ALICE W. TREVINO THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. TRAVIS K. ACHESON COL. BARRY A. BLANCHARD COL. MICHAEL A. BORKOWSKI COL. MICHAEL T. BUTLER COL. MICHAEL A. COOPER COL. MONIQUE J. DESPAIN COL. MATTHEW D. DINMORE COL. TERESA S. EDWARDS COL. EMMANUEL I. HALDOPOULOS COL. CHARLES G. JEFFRIES COL. GREGORY W. LAIR COL. JEFFREY W. MAGRAM COL. JAMES C. MCEACHEN COL. MAURICE M. MCKINNEY COL. SUELLEN OVERTON COL. GREGG A. PEREZ COL. MARK D. PIPER COL. JAMES P. ROWLETT COL. MICHAEL D. SPROUL COL. CHRISTAN L. STEWART COL. DAVID W. WALTER COL. TERRY L. WILLIAMS COL. SHANNA M. WOYAK COL. FRANK Y. YANG COL. JEFFREY D. YOUNG THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ONDRA L. BERRY BRIG. GEN. SAMUEL W. BLACK BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM D. BUNCH BRIG. GEN. JOSEPH S. CHISOLM BRIG. GEN. THOMAS B. CUCCHI BRIG. GEN. GARY L. EBBEN BRIG. GEN. JERRY L. FENWICK BRIG. GEN. DAWN M. FERRELL BRIG. GEN. THOMAS J. KENNETT BRIG. GEN. ERIC W. MANN BRIG. GEN. EDWARD A. SAULEY III BRIG. GEN. DEAN A. TREMPS THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. GEORGE M. DEGNON BRIG. GEN. TAMHRA L. HUTCHINS–FRYE BRIG. GEN. SHERRIE L. MCCANDLESS BRIG. GEN. STEVEN NORDHAUS BRIG. GEN. KIRK S. PIERCE BRIG. GEN. FRANK H. STOKES BRIG. GEN. BRADLEY A. SWANSON BRIG. GEN. THOMAS K. WARK THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. DOUGLAS A. FARNHAM BRIG. GEN. CLAY L. GARRISON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
SARAH E. ABEL MARK J. AGUIAR LAKISHA N. ALBERTIE HOLLI A. BELLUSCI GRETA S. BREWSTER THOMAS G. BROCKMANN STACY N. CARR CLAUDIA G. CLARK SAMANTHA L. FIL JASON W. GRIMM CLINTON J. HARTMAN ELIZABETH ANNE L. HOETTELS AMY EVANGELINE JOHNSON BRENDA A. JONES KARL E. KAMMER ADRIANNE M. KETELSEN GARY V. LEAVITT PAMELA E. LICORISH KAREN C. LUGG ANGELA D. MANNING CINDY A. MCCULLOUGH JOHN C. MCLENNAN DEANNA M. MORRELL VIVIAN A. NEWPORT BRITTANY S. NUTT PAUL L. PFENNIG ROBERT L. RAULSTON STEPHANIE E. RICKS CHRISTOPHER K. SHAMBLIN DEBRA L. SIMS MARSHA R. STARKS DARLENE J. STILLING WENDY H. WILKINS SEAN O. WILKINSON MICHELLE E. WYCHE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be major 
JOSEPH BENJAMIN AHLERS DOUGLAS MICHAEL ARNETT JENNA MARIE ARROYO MARIE BARBER VERONICA E. BATH KRISTEN K. BECK ANNA CHRISTI BEIERPEDRAZZI LEO T. BRADFORD ROBERT JOSEPH BRADY, JR. ROSS ALAN BRENNAN RODRIGO MANUEL CARUCO PATRICK ANDREW CLARY THOMAS CHARLES COLBY JASON CORDOVA LEVICY FAYENEIS CRAWFORD RYAN CHARLES DITCHKOFSKY CRAIG WILLIAM DUNHAM PATRICK ENCARNACION MIRANDA MEGHAN RENAE GLINESBARNEY CHARLES JOHN GROTEWOHL CHASE TOLMAN GUNNELL JOHNATHAN DAVID HAMILTON KASEY WILSON HAWKINS NICOLE J. HERBERS JOY ELIZABETH HEWITT MAITE S. HIATT ROBERT C. HINES SHARI MARLENA HOWARD SHEA LANDRY HOXIE MATTHEW RYAN HRACHO SEAN C. HUDSON ABBIGAYLE CATHRYN HUNTER BENJAMIN DAVID INGRAM DIANE ELIZABETH INGRAM JESSICA MCKEE JACQUAY WILLIAM H. JONES SCOTT L. KIRK EDWIN CHARLES KISIEL III NATHANIEL C. LANGLEY MATTHEW J. MACKEY JOHN M. MALEK ALEXANDRA L. MCCRARY DENNIS JACQUELINE MCDERMOTT WINTCH JACQUELINE E. MCGEHEE RYAN M. MCILROY DAVID B. MELEAR SARABETH A. MOORE THOMAS JOSEPH OLSEN LAURA E. PEET NICHOLAS KANE PEONE STACIE K. PERSONS JOPHIEL PHILIPS AMANDA L. POWERS KATHERINE IRENE RANKIN NICHOLAS A. REYES JUSTIN THOMAS ROSSI MARISOL NOHEMI SALVIEJO JONATHAN K. SAWMILLER VINCENT SAYEGH TYLER J. SENA CHRISTOPHER D. STANTON ANN MARIE SUTTER JONATHAN D. TERRY STEVEN PAUL VALLARELLI, JR. NICOLE ALLISON VELE LAIYA YASMEEN WEBB WOLFGANG S. WEBER ERIC WILLIAM WELCH TRENTON M. WHITE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
PAUL OBI AMALIRI JON A. BRAVINDER LANE FRANKLIN CAMPBELL MICHAEL A. CAROLLO MYUNG K. CHO DAVID J. DZIOLEK RONALD L. FEESER, JR. SCOTT A. FOUST JAMES W. GALYON GLEN E. HARRIS, JR. MICHAEL L. HAYHURST DOUGLAS O. HESS DEBORAH D. HUGHLEY MARK DAVID HUNSINGER HENRY L. JENKINS, JR. MICHAEL J. JOHNSON TODD A. LEATHERMON NICHOLAS E. LOPRESTO JEFFREY K. MCMILLEN CRAIG H. NAKAGAWA HOANG H. NGUYEN SON V. NGUYEN MATTHEW JAMES STREETT ANTHONY L. WIGGINS MEOSHIA A. WILSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: To be major 
ERIKA R. WOODSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 716: 
To be major 
MICHAEL S. STROUD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
LANCE A. AIUMOPAS ANTHONY W. BELL ALLAN S. BROCK MATTHEW D. BURRIS LORI M. GILL CRYSTAL D. HAYNES MARK D. HOOVER KEVIN C. INGRAM SHERI K. JONES MARK B. MCKIERNAN CHRISTOPHER S. MORGAN JOHN E. OWEN JASON SCOTT ROBERTSON SHAUN S. SPERANZA LYNN R. SYLMAR STACEY J. VETTER TARA L. VILLENA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ROBERT SARLAY, JR. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
BRANTLEY J. COMBS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S. C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
MARK E. QUERY SAMUEL H. TAHK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S. C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
VICTOR A. PACHECOFOWLER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S. C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
JAMES M. BRUMIT 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be commander 
PAUL F. MAGOULICK LI SUNG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR TEMPORARY APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 5721: 
To be lieutenant commander 
WILLIAM L. ARNEST MATTHEW E. T. BECK TYLER B. BRISTOL 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD17\NOVEMBER\S14NO7.REC S14NO7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7223 November 14, 2017 
NATHANIEL C. CALCAMUGGIO ELIZABETH A. CAVAZZA ROBERT A. CHAPIN STEVEN M. CONNELL DWIGHT J. CORNISH JEFFREY R. DENZEL MATTHEW E. DIVITTORE RICARDO H. ESTRADA WILLIAM W. FENNIMAN II MATTHEW D. FREEZE PATRICK B. GIBBONS WILLIAM J. GOLDEN JONATHAN D. GREENBERG BRENDAN D. HAMM RANDALL E. HANGARTNER CORWIN J. HARDY DANIEL M. HARMAN BRANDON K. HERRICK MICHAEL R. HOGAN JUSTIN L. JAYNES AARON JEFFERSON III GARY D. KISSELBACK MATTHEW B. KNEPPER JEFFREY P. LESHER ROLANDO J. MACHADO, JR. ROBERT E. MILCHESKY GUY A. MOLINA MICHAEL A. MULLEE SARA A. NASH JIMMY A. NGUYEN CHRISTOPHER M. NORTON MATUWO I. OLUFOKUNBI BRADLEY T. OTREMBA DAVID S. PAGAN JONATHAN PARK AMERICO C. PEREZ, JR. VANESSA E. PERRY THOMAS J. PLACEK, JR. VICTOR C. SCHAEFER ANDREW R. THOMPSON JEREMY C. TOPP JOHN F. UNDERHILL ANDREW R. WEINER ERIC E. WHICKER JESSICA L. WILCOX JOSHUA N. WILLIAMS KAREN J. WOOD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
HENRY J. KENNEDY 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
THOMAS D. HOMAN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY, VICE SARAH R. SALDANA. CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate November 14, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
STEVEN GILL BRADBURY, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE GEN-ERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPOR-TATION. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on Novem-ber 14, 2017 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomination: 
TIMOTHY KELLY, OF MICHIGAN, TO BE ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY FOR CAREER, TECHNICAL, AND ADULT EDU-CATION, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, VICE BRENDA DANN–MESSIER, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON OCTOBER 3, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A14NO6.006 S14NOPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1563 November 14, 2017 
HONORING ALICE’S KIDS 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to dis-cuss a wonderful organization within my dis-trict. There are roughly 20,000 children in Fair-fax County living at the poverty level. These children suffer both privately and publicly. Pri-vately, they may not have enough food, no heat or no electricity. All hardships indeed. But when that same child leaves the home, they suffer public indignities that can seriously af-fect their self-esteem. When they go to school wearing the same dress for five straight days or shoes with holes in them, they can be tar-gets of ridicule. When they cannot afford their senior dues, a sport’s physical or a gym uni-form, they are embarrassed. When they have to sit home while their friends are enjoying the prom, they experience pain. These situations are especially acute when poor children are integrated with wealthier children, as is often the case in Fairfax County. Seven years ago this month, my constituent and friend, Ron Fitzsimmons, formed ‘‘Alice’s Kids,’’ a charity designed to give needy chil-dren the opportunity to feel a little bit more ‘‘normal’’ amongst their peers. They have built a network of approximately 500 teachers, school counselors and county social workers who contact Alice’s Kids when they identify a child with a ‘‘minor’’ but nonetheless important need. It might be a pair of soccer cleats, glasses or summer camp fees. The child might not be able to afford their senior year-book, wishes to take music lessons or needs a simple haircut. Within 24 hours, Alice’s Kids either writes a check or issues a gift card to the referrer so the child can obtain the item. And the charity purposely does not interact with the family as they prefer to be anony-mous to help the child maintain their dignity. I am pleased to see that this once small charity is now expanding. In addition to chil-dren in Fairfax County, they are now serving children in the City of Alexandria and in select schools in Washington, D.C. Even more excit-ing is that Mr. Fitzsimmons is carrying out his ultimate goal, which is to serve children all across the country as they are now helping children in San Antonio, Seattle, Miami, Char-lotte, Nashville and several other cities work-ing in conjunction with the national organiza-tion ‘‘Communities in Schools.’’ In 2016, Alice’s Kids provided assistance to 683 children. But I am thrilled to note that in 2017, they have already served 767 children! This is the little charity that could. I want to congratulate Alice’s Kids as they continue to provide much-needed assistance to children in the D.C. Metropolitan area and wish them luck in their efforts to reach as many children as possible. RECOGNIZING THE EMPLOYEES OF THE INTERNATIONAL TRADE COMMISSION HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate all of the award winners from the U.S. International Trade Commission who were recognized last week, on Tuesday, No-vember 7, 2017, at their annual Career Serv-ice Awards Ceremony. The employees at the U.S. International Trade Commission are on the front line of en-forcing our U.S. trade laws and addressing a wide variety of trade-related issues. U.S. trade laws protect American workers from unfair trade practices and support communities that manufacture and produce the products that power our national economy and that are es-sential to supporting our national security. The dedicated employees at the U.S. International Trade Commission investigate allegations of unfair trade practices against countries from around the world, and their work is essential to defending good jobs throughout our coun-try, including steel and manufacturing jobs in the First Congressional District of Indiana. Last week, I was pleased to be able to at-tend their 2017 Career Service Awards Cere-mony, which recognized the outstanding ac-complishments of the International Trade Commission staff from the past year. For ex-ample, the ceremony presented Quality Step Increase Awards to individuals that received a permanent increase in their rate of pay in rec-ognition of high quality performance above that ordinarily found. The ceremony also pre-sented Superior Accomplishment Awards based on an act, service, or suggestion that contributes to the efficiency or other improve-ment of government operations. I would note that under this category, an award was pre-sented to the Carbon and Alloy Steel Cut-to- Length Plate team for providing high quality work products, meeting aggressive statutory deadlines, and adroitly overcoming numerous analytical challenges with a high-profile case that involved the greatest number of countries for a single case in more than a decade. Additionally, the ceremony presented em-ployees with Length of Service awards, includ-ing 40 Years of Service awards for Judith M. Bryant, Deborah A. Daniels, Jean H. Jackson, Myra D. Lay, and Deborah A. McNay, 45 Years of Service awards for William W. Gearhart, Jr., and Linda D. Powell, and a 50 Years of Service award for Tyrone F. Coward. I also would like to call attention to the Dis-tinguished Service Award winners, Karen Attardo, Attorney-Adviser in the Office of Ad-ministrative Services, and Vu Q. Bui, Inves-tigative Attorney in the Office of Unfair Import Investigations. This award is the second-high-est honor that can be conferred upon an em-ployee and recipients are chosen by senior management in recognition of notable con-tributions. Further, I would like to recognize Jennifer Rohrbach, Program Manager in the Office of Operations, as the recipient of the Commissioners’ Award for Exceptional Serv-ice. This is the highest honor that can be con-ferred upon an employee and recipients are chosen directly by the Commissioners in rec-ognition of distinguished and exceptional serv-ice. Mr. Speaker, I believe that our former col-league and my friend from Indiana Lee Ham-ilton said it best when he stated that public service ‘‘is not just a way of life, it is a way to live fully.’’ I am incredibly grateful for the in-valuable, diligent, and thorough work of all of the employees at the U.S. International Trade Commission. I thank all of them for choosing to have a career in the service of our country and again congratulate all of the award win-ners for their exemplary performance. 
f 
RECOGNIZING J. MICHAEL ANDERSON 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize J. Michael Anderson, the 2017 re-cipient of the Zunic Award as presented by the Syracuse Football Club. The Syracuse Football Club is a group of former Syracuse Orange football players fo-cused on making a difference in the Central New York community. The Zunic Award was created to honor Mike and Judy Zunic, who died tragically in a United Airlines plane crash in Sioux City, Iowa on July 18, 1989. The pilot, anticipating landing difficulties, requested vol-unteers to give up their seats and sit at the exit doors to assist passengers in the event of an emergency. Mike and Judy gave up their seats in first class to sit at one of the doors. They both died in the crash and those in the Zunics’ original seats survived. The Zunic Award honors those, like Mike and Judy, who have acted selflessly for the good of others. This year’s Zunic Award recipient, J. Mi-chael Anderson, is a former Orange offensive lineman, and has tragically lost two of his three sons—Jimmy and Eric. Despite this ex-traordinary loss, Mike has channeled his own tragedy into advocacy and volunteerism. He and his wife, Flo, have focused on making a difference in the Central New York community and assisting others who have experienced similar tragedy. Anderson served as a youth basketball coach for more than two decades at Immacu-late Heart of Mary in Liverpool, and coached baseball in the Salt City Little League for 10 years. In addition, the Andersons are frequent holiday volunteers at the Syracuse Rescue Mission, serving meals to those less fortunate, and are active participants in the Liverpool Central School District ‘‘Dollars for Scholars’’ program where they have established a schol-arship in their son Jimmy’s name. Anderson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14NO8.001 E14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1564 November 14, 2017 
spends part of each day visiting online grief sites offering assistance to those who are struggling with tragedy. For his tremendous efforts to make a dif-ference in ending this scourge and to make our community a better place, I am proud to join the Syracuse Football Club in honoring J. Michael Anderson. 
f 
HONORING DEBBIE WILLIAMS 
HON. JAMES COMER 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to Debbie Williams of Monroe County, Kentucky for her philanthropy in the revitaliza-tion of downtown Tompkinsville and her entre-preneurial achievement in attracting new pri-vate investment into the Tompkinsville/Monroe County area. Debbie Williams’ first experience in business in Tompkinsville was with Page Brothers—her parents’ clothing store located on Main Street which operated next door to my father’s dental office until 1979. Like most of rural America, the 1980’s and 1990’s saw a massive exodus from downtown retail and office storefronts. Most rural Ken-tucky downtown areas were filled with vacant, aging buildings badly in need of repair. Around 2010, Debbie Williams took her en-trepreneurial success as co-owner of Blue-grass Dairy and made it her passion to pur-chase many of the depressed, vacant down-town Tompkinsville storefronts and renovate them. She purchased the building where Page Brothers was located and opened Family Cir-cle Clothing Store. Mrs. Williams also opened and operates Brass Bell in downtown—a home furnishing store. In two other buildings purchased by Debbie Williams, she has partnered with young entre-preneurs to provide funding for The Flower Cart and Moments in Monroe which are two new start up businesses. In addition to her downtown Tompkinsville investments, Debbie Williams also owns Spin-out Body Shop and Monroe County’s only motel—The Tompkinsville Inn. Despite Tompkinsville being a small town in an economically depressed region, thanks to Debbie Williams, Tompkinsville is now a hot-bed of new investments, and it has one of the most beautiful downtown areas in Kentucky. Debbie Williams is not just a female entre-preneur success story, she is a hometown hero for her downtown revitalization efforts and her achievement in attracting new private investment into the great town of Tompkinsville, Kentucky. 
f 
MILITARY RETIREMENT—UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS 
HON. TREY GOWDY 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following Proclamation in honor of an exceptional officer in the United States Ma-rine Corps. Colonel Donald L. Revell, will re-tire in December after more than 30 years of distinguished service to the Marine Corps and the Nation. Whereas, in May 1986, Colonel Revell grad-uated from Francis Marion University earning a Bachelor of Science degree in Electronic Engineering Technology. Whereas, following in his father’s Marine Corps footsteps, Colonel Revell was commis-sioned a Second Lieutenant through the Ma-rine Officer Candidate School Program. A graduate from the Basic Communication Offi-cer School and the Cryptologic Division Offi-cer’s School, Colonel Revell was designated a Signals Intelligence Electronic Warfare Officer. His illustrious career would begin with ‘‘Amer-ica’s Radio Battalion’’, the Second Radio Bat-talion, Fleet Marine Force Atlantic, Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. Whereas, over the course of 30 plus years, serving in both active and reserve duty status and in a variety of command and staff assign-ments, Colonel Revell provided outstanding leadership with integrity and offered sound ad-vice on numerous issues of importance to the Marine Corps and to our Nation. Whereas, 1 January 2018, Colonel Revell will officially retire from the United States Ma-rine Corps faithfully serving this great nation for 31 years. Be it Resolved, That I, TREY GOWDY , do con-gratulate Colonel Donald L. Revell, his wife Beth Anne, their two sons, Griffin and Alex-ander for their unwavering commitment and devotion to service to our great Nation, and thank them for their unwavering loyalty, dedi-cation and contributions to Spartanburg Coun-ty and to the Fourth Congressional District of South Carolina. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RICHARD KERN AND A TRADITION OF COMMUNITY SERVICE 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Richard Kern for his 50 years of service in the East Bangor Fire Department. His accomplishments were celebrated by his peers on the evening of Saturday, November 11. As a resident of Bangor, Pennsylvania, Richard has been a constant steward of public safety in my District for a half-century. Richard led the department as Fire Chief from 1993 to 1995. During his service he inspired con-fidence and put his own life at risk to ensure the safety of others. Today, he remains an ac-tive member of the fire department as Safety Officer. His dedication to helping others ex-tends beyond the East Bangor Fire Depart-ment. Richard is also a life member of the Blue Valley Rescue Squad, an organization founded in 1973 to provide emergency serv-ices to the Slate Belt region. I ask my fellow Members to join me in rec-ognizing Richard Kern for life of service and commitment to the well-being of his commu-nity. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted yea on Roll Call No. 623, yea on Roll Call No. 624 and nay on Roll Call No. 625. 
f 
THEODORE EDWIN CLYDE DAVIES, MD 
HON. JAMES COMER 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the outstanding career of Dr. Theodore Davies. It all began in the mountains of eastern Kentucky, making house calls with his Father. Often, there was no road to help them travel where they needed to go; but, still, they found a way or made their own. This would become the story of young Theodore Edwin Clyde Da-vies’ life. A life spent in dedication to others. His formal education began at the pres-tigious McCallie School located on Missionary Ridge in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Founded in 1905, McCallie is highly regarded as a private, Christian based college preparatory school for young boys and men, grades 6 through 12. Here, the virtues of honor, truth, and duty would be fostered, and he would encounter the question, ‘‘What is man’s chief end?’’ Young Theodore next found his way to Van-derbilt University and graduated in 1967. An-swering the call to follow in his Father’s foot-steps, he then attended the University of Lou-isville School of Medicine and graduated in 1971. His surgical internships and residency in Neurosurgery would take him to the Indiana Medical Center, and Montreal, Canada. In Montreal, he would train on the first CT scan-ner in North America. Later, during his training in Louisville, he would begin treating patients with the first CT scans in the United States. The next leg of his journey would lead to the service of his country in the United States Navy. Reporting to both Portsmouth, Virginia, and Okinawa, Japan, he would leave the serv-ice with the rank of Lt. Commander. Finally, on to Paducah, Kentucky, answering the need for a private Neurosurgical practice. Here, he would make his home with his wife, Debbie—the most beautiful nurse he had ever seen. That home would eventually include the blessings of Ann, Teddy, Ellen and Emily. Now, 37 years later, they continue to be blessed with new additions, including 4 grand-children. As he concludes his active practice and re-tires this December, he looks forward to trav-eling and spending time with family, reading all those books that have been on his ‘‘to do list’’ for years, and hitting the greens every chance he gets. He will also be able to reflect upon his work as a physician and surgeon and know that he has upheld his Oath to others. He knows well, and has shared with countless others, that the answers to man’s chief end is ‘‘to glorify God and to enjoy Him forever.’’ I thank Dr. Davies; well done, Sir. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14NO8.003 E14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1565 November 14, 2017 
TRIBUTE TO THE LIFE OF RODNEY MAURICE GILBERT 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Rodney Maurice Gilbert, a giant in New Jersey arts and social justice ac-tivism. For the past fifteen years, Mr. Gilbert led Yendor Productions, a Newark-based firm he founded in order to develop and produce arts education programming that elevates op-pressed voices. He was a dedicated artist, ed-ucator, and community leader. Mr. Gilbert devoted his life to helping under-served communities find their artistic voices. After graduating from the University of the Arts in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Mr. Gilbert spent three decades serving the arts commu-nity in New Jersey. He was an accomplished actor with credits on stages from Broadway to Little Rock. He was a gifted director known for shining artistic light on social issues such as mental illness. And he was an educator who inspired young artists to bring to life the untold stories of underserved communities. Mr. Gilbert left a lasting impact on New Jer-sey. He helped heal Newark by paving the way for people to use arts and culture as vehi-cles for advancing social justice. Mr. Gilbert brought people together. He inspired young people. And he created a platform for people to creatively tell their own stories. In July, Mr. Gilbert directed Down Neck, a play written by Pia Wilson that explores the 1967 Newark Re-bellion’s impacts on the Ironbound neighbor-hood. His inspirational use of arts as a means to speak truth, preserve history, and pursue justice has left a permanent mark on the New Jersey arts scene. Mr. Gilbert passed away on November 8, 2017, but his legacy will live on. I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring the life of Rod-ney Gilbert—artist, teacher, advocate, and friend. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF REVEREND MARY EDITH MOODY 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Reverend Mary Edith Moody, a native of Baton Rouge, Lou-isiana, who passed away on October 28, 2017 at the age of 91. Rev. Moody was born on July 29, 1926, in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. She was one of nine siblings in a family of modest means. Her fa-ther, Mr. James Nathaniel Moody Sr., was a supervisor of Negro Schools in West Baton Rouge and her mother was a teacher. After graduating from high school at Southern Uni-versity Lab School in 1943, she earned two degrees from Southern University: one in busi-ness education and the other in secondary education. She later earned a master’s degree in education from Louisiana State University and a certificate of theology from the Inter-denominational Theological Center in Atlanta, Georgia. Rev. Moody taught English and business education to visually impaired children for more than 30 years at the Louisiana State School for the Blind at Southern University— and was one of five teachers named Out-standing Secondary Educator of America from a field of 5,000 candidates—before retiring from her teaching career to become one of the first female ministers for the African Methodist Episcopal Church. Rev. Moody was ordained in 1976 and as-signed to Black Creek AME Church in Dar-lington that same day. During her pastoral ca-reer, she served as pastor at Mount Everett AME Church in St. Helena Parish and Heard AME Church in Baton Rouge and eventually became an associate pastor at Bethel AME Church on South Street. Rev. Moody received numerous awards for service, commitment and leadership, including the Powell-Reznikoff Award from the Baton Rouge Council on Human Relations in 2001 along with the first Mid City Community Life-time Achievement Medal in 2004 at the age of 77. Also, she was a proud member of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Inc., for more than 70 years. Rev. Moody devoted herself to numerous Baton Rouge community organizations, advo-cating for children, African Americans, women, the poor, and anyone facing hardship. We cannot match the sacrifices made by Rev. Moody, but surely we can try to match her sense of service. We cannot match her cour-age, but we can strive to match her devotion. Rev. Mary Edith Moody survivors include her sister, Ms. Martha E. Moody Boone; Broth-er, Mr. Charles David Moody, Sr.; and Sister- in-Law, Ms. Dorothy Johnson Moody; twenty- four Nieces and Nephew; a host of Grand-, Great-Grand-, and Great-Great-Great-Nieces and Nephew; and a host of surrogate sons and daughters. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy of Reverend Mary Edith Moody a beloved daughter, sister, and grandmother as well as a true example of Baton Rouge culture per-sonified. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, November 13, 2017, I was unavoidably de-tained. As a result, I was absent for Roll Call votes 623 through 625. Had I been present for Roll Call vote 623, on agreeing to H. Res. 599, I would have voted yes; on Roll Call vote 624, on suspen-sion of the rules and passage of H.R. 3071, I would have voted yes; and on Roll Call vote 625, on approving the journal, I would have voted yes. 
f 
H.R. 3705, THE VETERANS FAIR DEBT NOTICE ACT OF 2017 
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 3705, the Veterans Fair Debt Notice Act of 2017. H.R. 3705 modifies the ways that veterans are notified of any out-standing debts from a Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) program. This bill is essential because current VA debt notification letters can be confusing, high-ly technical, and fail to convey important dates and amounts. This legislation would direct the VA to clarify language in debt notification emails, coordinate email and postal mail notifi-cations, and study the process of debt notifica-tion to ensure that messages are commu-nicated effectively. The cost of sending postal mail notifications would also be evaluated in this study. Congress should take measures to reduce veterans’ debt by effectively communicating outstanding payments and due dates. Reduc-ing debt is one of many ways we can ensure a smoother transition into civilian society for our veterans, which is why I support this legis-lation. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, due to other commitments, I missed the following Roll Call votes. Had I been present, on Roll Call no. 613, I would have voted yes; and on Roll Call no. 614, I would have voted no. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SMILEY FAMILY 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and honor the Smiley Family of Mohonk Mountain House for being named the recipients of the 2017 Legendary Family His-toric Hoteliers of the Year by Historic Hotels of America and Historic Hotels Worldwide. This prestigious award acknowledges multigenerational, family-owned historic hotels that are exemplary in both their operation and preservation efforts. It is true testament to the Smiley Family’s continued legacy of historical, environmental, and cultural stewardship. Founded in 1869 by Albert Smiley, the Mohonk Mountain House—a picturesque Vic-torian castle resort surrounded by vast forests and wildlife—is still owned and operated by the Smiley Family. What makes the Mohonk Mountain House such a prized treasure in the 19th District, and an attraction for travelers worldwide, is the Smiley Family’s dedication to conserving the historical integrity of their resort and the land surrounding it. Using their timeless resort as a catalyst for historical, environmental, and cultural preser-vation, the Smiley Family has redefined the role of hoteliers and has established a higher standard of excellence. For example, in 1963, the Smiley Family founded the Mohonk Pre-serve, a nature preserve that safeguards more than 8,000 acres. In 1980, the Smiley Family also founded Mohonk Consultations, a non- profit think tank focused on environmental issues throughout the Hudson Valley. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14NO8.007 E14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1566 November 14, 2017 
On behalf of New York’s 19th District, I want to congratulate and celebrate the Smiley Fam-ily on their much-deserved award. We are grateful for the Smiley Family’s dedication to the values we in the 19th District hold dear: environmental conservancy and a profound appreciation for history and culture. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on November 13, 2017 I missed a series of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on Nos. 623 and 624. I would have voted ‘‘NAY’’ on No. 625. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO RICHARD PETERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Mr. Richard Peters on his successful career in the U.S. Navy. Richard Peters selfless service to the U.S. Navy has led to him being awarded a number of awards, such as the China Service Medal, the Korean Service Medal and the National Defense Medal, among other awards. Due to his distinguished career, Richard Peters has also been authorized the Republic of Korea War Service Medal and the United Nations Service Medal. I am honored to have a man like Richard Peters in my district. I can’t thank him enough for his service and sacrifice for our country. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Missouri’s 7th Congressional District, I ask my colleagues to congratulate Richard Peters on his distin-guished Naval career. I wish him all of the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for Roll Call votes 623, 624, and 625 on Monday, November 13, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call votes 623 and 624, and Nay on Roll Call vote 625. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF MS. ELAINE ROBERTS 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the people of Ohio’s 15th Congres-sional District to celebrate the career of Ms. Elaine Roberts, as she retires from service as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Columbus Regional Airport Authority. For over a decade, Ms. Roberts has served as the first-ever CEO of a combined aviation authority. She was named to the newly-cre-ated position in January of 2003, and has uti-lized her experience as an Accredited Airport Executive (A.A.E.), and the past Chair of the American Association of Airport Executives (AAAE). Ms. Roberts’ leadership has guided the Au-thority during a period of expansive growth, in-cluding the merger of two airport authorities, more than one billion dollars in airport infra-structure development, and historic improve-ments at the John Glenn Columbus and the Rickenbacker International Airport facilities. Ms. Roberts is a true coalition-builder. She successfully brought stakeholders across the federal, state, and local levels, along with the private sector, to develop the Rickenbacker Intermodal Facility. Her efforts to transform Rickenbacker into a leading center for trade led to her nomination and selection as a 2015 White House Champion of Change in Trans-portation. Her contributions to the Central Ohio com-munity and local economy are immeasurable. International and domestic freight operations— served by rail, highways, and international ac-tivation—helped to provide a livelihood for over 20,000 residents in the region. Ms. Roberts will be missed by her col-leagues and fellow aviation executives, but I join the Ohio delegation in wishing her all the best as she begins a new chapter in her life and pursues future endeavors. I ask my col-leagues to join me in congratulating Ms. Elaine Roberts on her invaluable service to the residents of Ohio, and the aviation industry at large. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MIKE COOK 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Mike Cook of Caldwell County, North Carolina. On behalf of the people of Western North Carolina, I would like to thank Mr. Cook for over 40 years of service to our communities and congratulate him on his re-cent retirement. Mike Cook began his career in the fire serv-ice as a volunteer in 1977 and eventually be-came a paid firefighter with the City of Lenoir in 1980. He began working with the Caldwell County Fire Marshal’s Emergency Manage-ment Office in 1985, as a hazmat planner with North Carolina Emergency Management in 1988, and as Area Coordinator and eventually Branch Manager in 2006. All told, Mr. Cook has aided in thirty-two FEMA disaster declara-tions, including deploying to Mississippi during Hurricane Katrina and to Lumberton, North Carolina during Hurricane Matthew. Mr. Cook was instrumental in the development of the North Carolina All Hazards Incident Manage-ment Teams, and maintains credentials as an Incident Commander with the Western Branch All Hazards Incident Management Team. He is an Eagle Scout and longtime volunteer in his community, serving on the Board of Directors of Patterson Fire Department since 1977 and currently serving as President of the Board. Over the course of his career, Mike has been honored with the North Carolina Depart-ment of Public Safety Gold Circle Award and the Colonel William A. Thompson Award and Employee of the Year by the North Carolina Emergency Management Association. He re-ceived special recognition for work throughout the Democratic National Convention in 2012 from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and for response during Hurricane Floyd in 1999 from the North Carolina National Guard 139th Rear Tactical Operation Center. Mike Cook has earned the respect and friendship of the people of Caldwell County through his hard work and wide-ranging in-volvement in his community. For his service to Western North Carolina, I am honored to ex-press to Mr. Cook the gratitude and best wish-es of the people of North Carolina on his re-tirement. f 
RECOGNIZING ALFRED RAYMOND COE 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Alfred ‘‘Ray’’ Coe of Chester County, Pennsylvania, for his life dedicated to serving his community and our country. Mr. Coe hon-orably served the United States Army during Vietnam in three Calvary units in addition to serving his community of Kennett Square, Pennsylvania as a volunteer Scoutmaster with the Boy Scouts of America. Mr. Coe has also worked with his local government in various positions. Mr. Coe received three promotions during his tour in Vietnam. He was injured when his vehicle was blown up by a mine, but coura-geously returned and rescued his Sergeant from the vehicle. For these and other efforts he earned numerous awards for his honorable service. Among the honors were the Purple Heart, Bronze Star, and Army Commendation for Valor, of which he is most proud. Upon re-turning home, Mr. Coe began volunteering with the Boy Scouts of America, eventually be-coming Scoutmaster. Mr. Coe continued his service to his community through the Scouts working as his district’s Unit, Training, and Roundtable Commissioner. Mr. Coe’s years of service to his country and neighbors are in-valuable. There is no doubt he has saved and improved the lives of many through that serv-ice. I commend Mr. Alfred Coe for his pas-sionate dedication to community and country. He has earned the respect of his friends, fam-ily, and colleagues, as well as the public he has served. I thank him for all he has done and continues to do. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN K. DELANEY 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote on Roll Call No. 623, No. 624, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.007 E14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1567 November 14, 2017 
and No. 625. Had I been present, on Roll Call No. 623, I would have voted ‘YEA’; on Roll Call No. 624, I would have voted ‘YEA’; and on Roll Call No. 625, I would have voted ‘NAY’. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LEADERSHIP AND ACTIVISM OF LESLIE DIANE HIATT 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, as we observe American Education Week, I rise today to recognize Leslie Diane Hiatt, a re-markable teacher and social activist in my 40th Congressional District of California. As a teacher at Bell Gardens Elementary in the Montebello Unified School District, Ms. Hiatt has inspired her students to act on injustices in their community and in the world overall. Born in Whittier, California, on December 10, 1960, to James and Jean Hiatt, Ms. Hiatt was raised in a loving family that encouraged activism and equality. From a young age, her commitment to social justice and service to her community was apparent. In high school, where she organized the first girls’ track team, she often spent her lunch break at the local el-ementary school organizing intramural sports for the younger students. She also spent her free time writing letters to politicians about air pollution and the Vietnam War, trying to right the wrongs of the world. In 1979, Leslie grad-uated from Monte Vista High School in Whit-tier, and went on to attend the University of Southern California, from which she graduated in 1983. Subsequently, Leslie started her teaching career at Bell Gardens Elementary School In 1988, she pursued her Master of Arts at Cali-fornia State University, Fullerton. She also re-ceived a Math Authorization from Center X at the University of California, Los Angeles, in 2001. Throughout her 34-year career as an educa-tor, Ms. Hiatt has worked with immigrant and Latino communities. This has positioned her perfectly to help inspire students to believe they cannot be bystanders, and that in order to bring change in the world, they must use their voice to speak up about injustices. To encourage these conversations, she has her students write letters to government represent-atives and emphasizes the importance of per-sistence and collaboration. These experiences have empowered her students. Here are some of their particularly important efforts over the years. In 1989, one of Ms. Hiatt’s classes refused to have grapes from the school cafeteria after learning about the United Farm Workers movement and the dangers that grape work-ers faced as they were being exposed to pes-ticides. As a result of the ongoing struggle of grape workers, her students wrote letters to their school board, and after a lengthy debate, the district honored the grape boycott. The students’ actions later received attention from labor leader Cesar Chavez. In 2015, as her students learned about the history of immigration in California and the un-constitutional ‘‘Mexican Repatriation’’ deporta-tions of the 1930s, her students were dis-mayed at the complete absence of information on the deportations in their history textbooks. They were also astounded to know that there has never been a federal apology for those 1930s deportations, which expelled over 1.2 million United States citizens and over two mil-lion Mexican nationals who were legally living in the United States. After drafting a letter to President Obama asking for a federal apology for the Mexican Repatriation of the 1930s, the students entered State Assemblywoman Cristina Garcia’s ‘‘There Ought to Be a Law’’ contest. Their goal was to have California rec-ognize the history of the Mexican Repatriation and include it in California history textbooks. As winners of the contest, Ms. Hiatt’s students traveled to Sacramento to testify in support of the bill, and in the fall of 2015, Governor Brown signed the bill, AB 146, into law. Later that same year, Ms. Hiatt’s students wrote to me asking for my help in obtaining a federal apology for the unconstitutional depor-tations. In 2016 and 2017, I introduced H.R. 6314 and H.R. 1412, respectively, which would establish a committee to officially study the Mexican Repatriation and to recommend appropriate remedies. To this day, Ms. Hiatt’s students continue to speak up and take action on pressing world events. They have focused on such subjects as the Lakota Tribe in North Dakota, Hurri-cane Harvey, and the earthquake in Mexico City. When Ms. Hiatt isn’t teaching her classes and working with her students to implement new legislation, she also co-teaches the STEM Club at Bell Gardens Elementary, and helps organize the school’s annual science fair. She is also currently taking science edu-cation classes at California State University, Long Beach, to learn more about science con-tent and pedagogy, and she is a member of the university’s Elementary Science Learning Academy program. Ms. Hiatt has the infinite love and support of her husband, Francisco Lo´pez, and her son, Joaquin Lo´pez, whose encouragement in-spires her to continue her work as a pas-sionate educator. Ms. Hiatt has shown exemplary dedication to children and families in my 40th Congres-sional District, and I am pleased to recognize her work as an educator and leader. I hope my colleagues will join me in recognizing her tremendous activism, her commitment to so-cial justice, and her determination to empower and develop a new generation of conscien-tious and compassionate activists. f 
HONORING GRANT R. WARD 
HON. ANDY BIGGS 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 14, 2017 Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, today I honor my constituent Grant R. Ward. Grant of Gilbert, Arizona. He has been chosen to receive the Lifetime Achievement Award from the National Water Resources Association (NWRA). This lifetime achievement award was estab-lished in 1948. According to the NWRA, this award ‘‘recognizes members and individuals who have actively served in the leadership of the Association for many years and who, by their activities and service to the goals and ob-jective of the Association, merit Life Member status.’’ Grant embodies the spirit of this dis-tinguished award. Grant has an impressive resume of service. He graduated from Brigham Young University in 1967 and received his law degree in 1969 from the University of Idaho. From there, he commenced his professional career, serving as an assistant branch manager at the Valley National Bank. He then took a job as General Manager of the Roosevelt Water Conservation District serving there for over a decade. Fol-lowing this position, he continued his distin-guished career as Executive Vice President of the Agri-Business Council of Arizona, Assist-ant General Manager of the Central Arizona Water Conservation District, and General Manager of the Maricopa-Stanfield Irrigation & Drainage District. He currently is an inde-pendent water and power consultant. Grant is married to Judy and their family in-cludes seven children and 36 grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, Grant has a remarkable track record of service to our community. He has provided a great example for his children of the value of hard work and giving back through his conservative efforts. I applaud Grant for his award, and I look forward to his continued service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14NO8.014 E14NOPT1
D1213 Tuesday, November 14, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7185–S7223 Measures Introduced: Six bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 2120–2125, and S. Res. 331.
                                                                Pages S7213–14 
Measures Passed: National Adoption Day and Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 331, expressing support for the goals of National Adoption Day and National Adop-tion Month by promoting national awareness of adoption and the children awaiting families, cele-brating children and families involved in adoption, and encouraging the people of the United States to secure safety, permanency, and well-being for all children.
                                                                 Pages S7192–94 
Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act: Senate passed S. 534, to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforce-ment authorities, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agree-ing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S7219–21 
McConnell (for Feinstein) Amendment No. 1584, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S7220 
Portland Thorns FC: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation was discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. Res. 318, honoring the Port-land Thorns FC as the champion of the National Women’s Soccer League in 2017, and the resolution was then agreed to, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                             Page S7221 
McConnell (for Wyden) Amendment No. 1585, to amend the preamble.
                                               Page S7221 
Zatezalo Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health.
              Page S7206 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 52 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 273), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S7206 A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, November 15, 2017.
                    Page S7221 
Esper and Zatezalo Nominations—Agreement: A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, at 11:50 a.m., on Wednesday, November 15, 2017, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Mark T. Esper, of Virginia, to be Secretary of the Army, that there be up to ten minutes of debate on the nomina-tion, equally divided in the usual form, and that fol-lowing the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no inter-vening action or debate; and that following disposi-tion of the nomination of Mark T. Esper, all post- cloture time on the nomination of David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health, be considered expired.
                                                                   Pages S7206–09 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 50 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. EX. 272), Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Transportation. 
                                             Pages S7186–92, S7194–S7206, S7223 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Alex Michael Azar II, of Indiana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. Timothy R. Petty, of Indiana, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior. Robert Frank Pence, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Finland. Jason Klitenic, of Maryland, to be General Coun-sel of the Office of the Director of National Intel-ligence. Thomas D. Homan, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Homeland Security. 108 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S7221–23 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO7.REC D14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1214 November 14, 2017 
Timothy Kelly, of Michigan, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Career, Technical, and Adult Education, Department of Education, which was sent to the Senate on October 3, 2017.
                                 Page S7223 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7213 
Measures Referred: age S7213 Executive Communications:
                            Page S7213 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S7213 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7214–15 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7215–17 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S7212 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7217–19 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7219 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—273)
                                                                Page S7206 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:21 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, November 15, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7221.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Anthony Kurta, of Montana, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary, and James E. McPherson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army, who was introduced by Senator Strange, both of the Department of Defense, and Gregory E. Maggs, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of Robert H. McMa-hon, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary, R. D. James, of Missouri, and Bruce D. Jette, of Virginia, both to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army, and Shon J. Manasco, of Texas, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of the Air Force, all of the Department of De-fense. TECHNOLOGY IN AGRICULTURE Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security concluded a hearing to examine technology in agriculture, focusing on data- driven farming, after receiving testimony from Justin Knopf, Kansas Association of Wheat Growers, Gyp-sum; Jason G. Tatge, Farmobile, Leawood, Kansas; Shannon L. Ferrell, Oklahoma State University De-partment of Agricultural Economics, Stillwater; Todd J. Janzen, Janzen Agricultural Law LLC, Indi-anapolis, Indiana; and Dorota Haman, University of Florida Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences, Gainesville. HURRICANE RECOVERY OVERSIGHT Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine hurricane recovery efforts in Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands, after receiving testimony from Bruce J. Walker, Assistant Secretary, Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, Department of En-ergy; Major General Ed Jackson, USA, Deputy Com-manding General, Civil and Emergency Operations, Army Corps of Engineers, Department of Defense; United States Virgin Islands Governor Kenneth E. Mapp, St. Thomas; Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello´, Ricardo Ramos, Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, Natalie Jaresko, Financial Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico, and Jose Roman Morales, Puerto Rico Energy Commission, all of San Juan; and Julio A. Rhymer, Sr., Virgin Islands Water and Power Authority, St. Croix. EMISSIONS LEGISLATION Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety con-cluded a hearing to examine S. 1857, to establish a compliance deadline of May 15, 2023, for Step 2 emissions standards for new residential wood heaters, new residential hydronic heaters, and forced-air fur-naces, S. 203, to reaffirm that the Environmental Protection Agency may not regulate vehicles used solely for competition, S. 839, to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manu-facturing before requiring compliance with such rule, and S. 1934, to prevent catastrophic failure or shutdown of remote diesel power engines due to emission control devices, after receiving testimony from Senator Burr; Davis Henry, Henry Brick, Selma, Alabama; Christopher J. Kersting, Specialty Equipment Market Association, Diamond Bar, Cali-fornia; Paul Williams, United States Stove Company, Bridgeport, Alabama; and Emily Hammond, The George Washington University Law School, and John D. Walke, Natural Resources Defense Council, both of Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO7.REC D14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1215 November 14, 2017 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee continued consider-ation of an original bill entitled, ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’, but did not complete action thereon, and will meet again on Wednesday, November 15, 2017. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the following business items: S. 1928, to establish a review of United States multilateral aid, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and The nominations of Lisa A. Johnson, of Wash-ington, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Na-mibia, Sean P. Lawler, of Maryland, to be Chief of Protocol, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service, Irwin Steven Goldstein, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy, Rebecca Eliza Gonzales, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Lesotho, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, all of the Department of State. USE OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the authority to order the use of nuclear weapons, after receiving testimony from General C. Robert Kehler, USAF (Ret.), former Commander, Strategic Command, Alexandria, Vir-ginia, and Brian P. McKeon, former Acting Under Secretary for Policy, Washington, D.C., both of the Department of Defense; and Peter Feaver, Duke Uni-versity, Durham, North Carolina. AMERICAN LEADERSHIP IN THE ASIA- PACIFIC Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy concluded a hearing to examine American leadership in the Asia-Pacific, focusing on the view from Beijing, after receiving testimony from former Senator Max Baucus; Michael Pillsbury, The Hudson Institute, Washington, D.C.; and Graham T. Alli-son, Harvard Kennedy School, Cambridge, Massa-chusetts. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Kirstjen Nielsen, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security. GENE EDITING TECHNOLOGY Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine gene ed-iting technology, focusing on innovation and impact, after receiving testimony from Matthew Porteus, Stanford University, Palo Alto, California; Katrine S. Bosley, Editas Medicine, Inc., Cambridge, Massachu-setts; and Jeffrey Kahn, Johns Hopkins University Berman Institute of Bioethics, Baltimore, Maryland. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 13 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4382–4394; and 1 resolution, H. Res 620 was introduced.
                                                 Page H9254 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H9255 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H. Res. 619, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, and providing for proceedings during the period from November 17, 2017, through November 27, 2017 (H. Rept. 115–410). 
                                                                                            Page H9254 Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Jody B. Hice (GA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                     Page H9181 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:54 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H9188 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Anthony K.R. Gibson, Af-rican Methodist Episcopal Zion Church, Indianap-olis, Indiana.
                                                                Page H9188 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 244 yeas to 190 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 628.
                                                                   Pages H9188, H9199 
Designating the Democratic Cloakroom in the Hall of the House of Representatives as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO7.REC D14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1216 November 14, 2017 
‘‘Gabrielle Giffords-Leo J. Ryan Cloakroom’’: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Res. 615, designating the Democratic Cloak-room in the Hall of the House of Representatives as the ‘‘Gabrielle Giffords-Leo J. Ryan Cloakroom’’. 
                                                                             Pages H9199–H9200 
21st Century Flood Reform Act: The House passed H.R. 2874, to achieve reforms to improve the financial stability of the National Flood Insurance Program, to enhance the development of more accu-rate estimates of flood risk through new technology and better maps, to increase the role of private mar-kets in the management of flood insurance risks, and to provide for alternative methods to insure against flood peril, by a yea-and-nay vote of 237 yeas to 189 nays, Roll No. 630.
                                          Pages H9209–38 
Rejected the Pascrell motion to recommit to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 190 yeas to 236 nays, Roll No. 629.
                                Pages H9236–37 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–408, modified by the amendment printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–408, shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services now printed in the bill.
                                                            Pages H9191–H9209 
H. Res. 616, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2874) and the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 2810) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 187 nays, Roll No. 627, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 189 nays, Roll No. 626.
                                                                          Pages H9191–99 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018: The House agreed to the conference re-port to accompany H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, and to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, by a yea-and-nay vote of 356 yeas to 70 nays, Roll No. 631.
     Pages H9200–09, 238–39 
H. Res. 616, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2874) and the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 2810) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 187 nays, Roll No. 627, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 189 nays, Roll No. 626.
                                                                          Pages H9191–99 
Recess: The House recessed at 7:22 p.m. and recon-vened at 12:25 a.m.
                                                 Page H9253 Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H9191. Quorum Calls—Votes: Six yea-and-nay votes devel-oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9197–98, H9198–99, H9199, H9237, H9237–38, H9238–39. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:26 a.m. on Wednesday, November 15, 2017. 
Committee Meetings 
RESPONSE AND RECOVERY TO ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS FROM THE 2017 HURRICANE SEASON Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Response and Recovery to Environmental Concerns from the 2017 Hurricane Season’’. Testimony was heard from Sam Coleman, Acting Regional Administrator, Region 6, Environmental Protection Agency; Trent Epperson, Assistant City Manager, Pearland, Texas; Trey Glenn, Regional Administrator, Region 4, Environ-mental Protection Agency; Peter Lopez, Regional Administrator, Region 2, Environmental Protection Agency; Bryan Shaw, Chairman, Texas Department of Environmental Quality; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 1153, the ‘‘Mortgage Choice Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1638, the ‘‘Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act’’; H.R. 3093, the ‘‘Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act’’; H.R. 3221, the ‘‘Securing Access to Affordable Mortgages Act’’; H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3978, the ‘‘TRID Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4015, the ‘‘Corporate Governance Re-form and Transparency Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4247, the ‘‘Restoring Financial Market Freedom Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4248, to amend the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 to repeal certain disclosure re-quirements related to conflict minerals, and for other purposes; H.R. 4258, the ‘‘Family Self-Sufficiency Act’’; H.R. 4263, the ‘‘Regulation A+ Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4267, the ‘‘Small Business Cred-it Availability Act’’; H.R. 4270, the ‘‘Monetary Pol-icy Transparency and Accountability Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4278, the ‘‘Independence from Credit Policy Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4279, the ‘‘Expanding Invest-ment Opportunities Act’’; H.R. 4281, the ‘‘Expand-ing Access to Capital for Rural Job Creators Act’’; H.R. 4289, to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to repeal cer-tain disclosure requirements related to coal and mine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO7.REC D14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1217 November 14, 2017 
safety; H.R. 4292, the ‘‘Financial Institution Living Will Improvement Act’’; H.R. 4293, to reform the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review process, the Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test process, and for other purposes; H.R. 4294, the ‘‘Prevention of Pri-vate Information Dissemination Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4296, to place requirements on operational risk cap-ital requirements for banking organizations estab-lished by an appropriate Federal banking agency; H.R. 4302, the ‘‘Congressional Accountability for Emergency Lending Programs Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4324, the ‘‘Strengthening Oversight of Iran’s Access to Finance Act’’. LOOKING NORTH: ASSESSING THE CURRENT THREAT AT THE U.S.-CANADA BORDER Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Looking North: Assessing the Current Threat at the U.S.-Canada Border’’. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Homeland Security offi-cials: Michael Dougherty, Assistant Secretary for Border, Immigration, and Trade Policy, Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans; Scott A. Luck, Acting Deputy Chief, Border Patrol; Kevin Kelly, Special Agent in Charge, Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment; and a public witness. PREVENTING SEXUAL HARASSMENT IN THE CONGRESSIONAL WORKPLACE Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Preventing Sexual Harass-ment in the Congressional Workplace’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Speier and Byrne; Gloria Lett, Counsel, Office of House Employment Counsel; and Barbara Childs Wallace, Chair, Board of Directors, Office of Compliance. OVERSIGHT OF THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Department of Justice’’. Testimony was heard from Jefferson Ses-sions III, Attorney General, Department of Justice. THE NEED FOR TRANSPARENT FINANCIAL ACCOUNTABILITY IN TERRITORIES’ DISASTER RECOVERY EFFORTS Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Need for Transparent Finan-cial Accountability in Territories’ Disaster Recovery Efforts’’. Testimony was heard from Ricardo Rossello´, Governor, Puerto Rico; and Kenneth Mapp, Governor, United States Virgin Islands. REGULATORY REFORM TASK FORCES CHECK-IN: PART II Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Intergovernmental Affairs; and Sub-committee on Healthcare, Benefits, and Administra-tive Rules held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Regulatory Reform Task Forces Check-In: Part II’’. Testimony was heard from Rebeckah Adcock, Senior Advisor, Office of the Secretary, Department of Agriculture; Robert Eitel, Senior Counselor, Office of the Sec-retary, Department of Education; and Charles Keckler, Associate Deputy Secretary, Office of the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices. TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 1, the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’. The Com-mittee granted, by record vote of 8–3, a closed rule for H.R. 1. The rule provides four hours of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–39 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The rule provides that clause 5(b) of rule XXI shall not apply to the bill or amendments thereto. In section 2, the rule provides that upon passage of H.R. 1, the amendment to the title of such bill recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted. In section 3, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from November 17, 2017, through No-vember 27, 2017: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House ad-journed to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. Finally, section 4 of the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 3. Testimony was heard from Chairman Brady of Texas and Representatives Neal, Doggett, Barton, Hultgren, King of Iowa, McClintock, Walker, Jack-son Lee, and Polis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO7.REC D14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1218 November 14, 2017 
BOLSTERING THE GOVERNMENT’S CYBERSECURITY: A SURVEY OF COMPLIANCE WITH THE DHS DIRECTIVE Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Oversight held a hearing entitled ‘‘Bolstering the Government’s Cybersecurity: A Sur-vey of Compliance with the DHS Directive’’. Testi-mony was heard from Jeanette Manfra, Assistant Sec-retary, Cybersecurity and Communications, National Protection and Programs Directorate, Department of Homeland Security; Renee Wynn, Chief Information Officer, National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion; Essye Miller, Deputy Chief Information Officer for Cybersecurity, Department of Defense; and a public witness. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine Department of Veterans Af-fairs efforts to prevent and combat opioid over medica-tion, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: business meeting to consider, pursuant to H. Con. Res. 71, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018, reconciliation legislation to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish and administer a competitive oil and gas program in the non-wilderness portion of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, known as the ‘‘1002 Area’’ or Coastal Plain, 9 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine promoting American leadership in reduc-ing air emissions through innovation, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: business meeting to continue con-sideration of an original bill entitled, ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’, 9 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine encouraging healthy commu-nities, focusing on perspective from the Surgeon General, 10 a.m., SD–430. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Mitchell Zais, of South Carolina, to be Deputy Secretary, and James Blew, of California, to be Assistant Secretary for Planning, Evaluation, and Policy Development, both of the Department of Education, and Kate S. O’Scannlain, of Maryland, to be Solicitor, and Preston Rutledge, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of Labor, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of James C. Ho, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Don R. Willett, of Texas, to be a Circuit Judge, United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, Claria Horn Boom, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern and Western Districts of Kentucky, John W. Broomes, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kan-sas, Rebecca Grady Jennings, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Kentucky, and Robert Earl Wier, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Kentucky, 10 a.m., SD–226. House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘2018 Veterans Affairs Electronic Health Record’’, 9:30 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Policies and Pri-orities of the U.S. Department of Labor’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-vironment, markup on H.R. 1917, the ‘‘Blocking Regu-latory Interference from Closing Kilns Act of 2017’’; H.R. 453, the ‘‘Relief from New Source Performance Standards Act of 2017’’; H.R. 350, the ‘‘Recognizing the Protection of Motorsports Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1119, the ‘‘Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environ-ment Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, con-tinue markup on H.R. 1153, the ‘‘Mortgage Choice Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1638, the ‘‘Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act’’; H.R. 3093, the ‘‘Investor Clarity and Bank Parity Act’’; H.R. 3221, the ‘‘Securing Access to Affordable Mortgages Act’’; H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3978, the ‘‘TRID Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4015, the ‘‘Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4247, the ‘‘Restoring Financial Market Free-dom Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4248, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to repeal certain disclosure require-ments related to conflict minerals, and for other purposes; H.R. 4258, the ‘‘Family Self-Sufficiency Act’’; H.R. 4263, the ‘‘Regulation A+ Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4267, the ‘‘Small Business Credit Availability Act’’; H.R. 4270, the ‘‘Monetary Policy Transparency and Ac-countability Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4278, the ‘‘Independence from Credit Policy Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4279, the ‘‘Ex-panding Investment Opportunities Act’’; H.R. 4281, the ‘‘Expanding Access to Capital for Rural Job Creators Act’’; H.R. 4289, to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to repeal certain disclosure requirements related to coal and mine safety; H.R. 4292, the ‘‘Financial Institution Living Will Im-provement Act’’; H.R. 4293, to reform the Comprehen-sive Capital Analysis and Review process, the Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test process, and for other purposes; H.R. 4294, the ‘‘Prevention of Private Information Dissemina-tion Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4296, to place requirements on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO7.REC D14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1219 November 14, 2017 operational risk capital requirements for banking organi-zations established by an appropriate Federal banking agency; H.R. 4302, the ‘‘Congressional Accountability for Emergency Lending Programs Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4324, the ‘‘Strengthening Oversight of Iran’s Access to Finance Act’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 336, reaffirming a strong commitment to the United States-Mexico Partnership; H. Res. 401, urging China, South Korea, Vietnam, Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia, Cambodia, Laos, India, and all nations to out-law the dog and cat meat trade and to enforce existing laws against the trade; H. Res. 407, condemning the per-secution of Christians around the world; H.R. 1164, the ‘‘Taylor Force Act’’; H.R. 1415, the ‘‘End Neglected Tropical Diseases Act’’; H.R. 2712, the ‘‘Palestinian International Terrorism Support Prevention Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3542, the ‘‘Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act’’; H.R. 3776, the ‘‘Cyber Diplomacy Act of 2017’’; H. Con. Res. 90, condemning ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya and calling for an end to the attacks in and an immediate restoration of humanitarian access to the state of Rakhine in Burma, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Development Finance in Asia: U.S. Economic Strategy Amid China’s Belt and Road’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Maximizing the Value of Cyber Threat Information Sharing’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 170, the ‘‘Protect and Grow American Jobs Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 212, the ‘‘EFFECT Act’’, H.R. 2320, the ‘‘Samish Indian Na-tion Land Conveyance Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3225, the ‘‘Oregon Tribal Economic Development Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 801, the ‘‘Route 66 National Historic Trail Designation Act’’; H.R. 2888, the ‘‘Ste. Genevieve National Historical Park Establishment Act’’; H.R. 3979, the ‘‘Keep America’s Refuges Operational Act’’; and H.R. 4266, the ‘‘Acadia National Park Boundary Clarification Act’’, 10:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Recommendations and Reforms from the Inspectors General’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Government Operations, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act (FITARA) Scorecard 5.0’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Ray-burn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, markup on legislation on the Department of En-ergy Research Infrastructure Act of 2017; legislation on the Accelerating American Leadership in Science Act of 2017; legislation on the Nuclear Energy Research Infra-structure Act of 2017; legislation on the STEM Research and Education Effectiveness and Transparency Act; H.R. 4323, the ‘‘Supporting Veterans in STEM Careers Act’’; H.R. 4254, the ‘‘Women in Aerospace Education Act’’; and H.R. 3397, the ‘‘Building Blocks of STEM Act’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Government and Small Businesses: Pro-moting Greater Information Sharing for Stronger Cyberse-curity’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold hearings to examine the victims of Turkey’s failing rule of law, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14NO7.REC D14NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1220 November 14, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, November 15 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safe-ty and Health, post-cloture. At approximately 12 noon, Senate will vote on con-firmation of the nomination of Mark T. Esper, of Vir-ginia, to be Secretary of the Army. Following disposition of the nomination of Mark T. Esper, Senate will vote on confirmation of the nomination of David G. Zatezalo. Following disposition of the nomination of David G. Zatezalo, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the nomination of Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, November 15 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 1—Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Consideration of measures under sus-pension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E1563 Biggs, Andy, Ariz., E1567 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1564 Comer, James, Ky., E1564, E1564 Delaney, John K., Md., E1566 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1565 Faso, John J., N.Y., E1565 Gowdy, Trey, S.C., E1564 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1566 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1566 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1565 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E1565 Katko, John, N.Y., E1563 Long, Billy, Mo., E1566 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E1566 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1566 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E1565 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E1564 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1565 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1567 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E1566 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1563 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D14NO7.REC D14NOPT1