Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H8499 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 2017 No. 180 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. C
OMER ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, November 6, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
AMES  C
OMER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
THE REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, it has been just about 100 hours since the House Republican leadership released their tax plan finally, not only to the American people, but also to their own rank and file Members. I represent a great district, it is east-ern Connecticut, it is about half the State geographically, and it is home to the University of Connecticut, Electric Boat shipyard, Groton Navy base, Coast Guard Academy. I am very proud of the fact that these are really sharp folks, and in that less than 100-hour pe-riod, I have had about 700 emails and calls into my office from people who have looked at this plan, have run the numbers, have looked at what the ex-isting Tax Code provides, and looked at what the net impact will be if this plan were ever to become law. Louis from Norwich, Connecticut, who is a tax preparer, describes a neighbor of his who is 68 years old, she lives by herself, she earns $33,000 in pension and Social Security income, only of which $21,000 is taxable, and she has a small mortgage. She looked at the Republican tax plan, which includes a standard deduc-tion of $12,500, and that is it. Her new tax will be $1,014 if that plan were to go into effect. Under existing law, the itemized de-ductions that she can claim today are roughly about $12,500, the same amount as the standard deduction, but she is also able to claim a personal exemp-tion, which every American is entitled to under the existing Tax Code. With that existing plan, her net taxes are $445. So this tax plan will more than double her taxes. Now, $33,000 a year for a 68-year-old, I would say that is barely middle class, but certainly it is middle class under a lot of definitions as a homeowner, yet this tax plan is increasing her taxes by over 100 percent. Mark from Clinton contacted me about the fact that this tax plan is going to eliminate the deduction for qualified medical expenses above 10 percent of your adjusted gross income. What does that mean? If you have got medical expenses for eyeglasses, hear-ing aids, or you have someone in a nursing home that you are paying out- of-pocket expenses for, or you have a home healthcare aide coming into your home that is not covered under your insurance, you can deduct that off of your taxes to the extent that it exceeds 10 percent of your adjusted gross in-come. Mark from Clinton is one of those people. Clinton, Connecticut, is a very middle class community. His taxes are going up. That qualified medical deduction, again, is something that was repeated over and over from individuals who contacted my office, who can’t believe that, again, they are doing the right thing, they are paying their bills for their healthcare—for themselves or for their kids or for their aunt or their parent—and they are losing that deduc-tion. I am sorry. The standard deduc-tion that is being offered as a com-pensation doesn’t come close to helping an individual in that situation. In addition, the State tax deduction, which the present Tax Code allows, is gone under this proposal. In the State of Connecticut, they have calculated that families that earn between $50,000 and $200,000 a year will see their taxes increase by 14 percent under this pro-posal. So, Mr. Speaker, we are talking about a plan which was sold to the country as a tax cut for the middle class. Again, there are lots of other economic incentives that they put in there supposedly for corporations to cut their corporate tax rate and cut the rates for people in the top 1 per-cent. Again, it is totally imbalanced, but I am going to set that aside for the moment, because what was also guar-anteed and promised was that middle class Americans would see their taxes going down, people like Louis from Norwich; Mark from Clinton; and Jason from Niantic, who is going to lose his college student loan interest rate deduction. They eliminate the college student loan interest rate reduction. Again, we are living in a time right now where student loan debt is $1.3 trillion. One of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Nov 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO7.000 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8500 November 6, 2017 
the few ways that you can manage that debt is being able to deduct it off of your taxes. That is being eliminated under the House Republican plan. Now, if I sound a little worked up, it is because, literally, within minutes, the House Ways and Means Committee is going to start marking up this bill. Not one hearing is being held for out-side voices to sort of at least crunch through the numbers of this proposal. The plan is for Speaker R
YANto force a vote next week. We are talking less than 10 days for rewriting the U.S. Tax Code, which has not been rewritten since 1986. When it was done under President Reagan, it took a year for the process to unfold, and that was the right way to do it, to allow the subcommittees to take a look at their provisions of the Tax Code on the Ways and Means Com-mittee, to hold hearings, to actually have an intelligent, thoughtful ex-change of ideas before you mark it up, rather than jamming it to the floor, when you are taking away people’s qualified medical expenses. Again, this is just the tip of the iceberg. The deduction that people get for de-pendent care assistance programs—if you have a kid who is developmentally disabled and needs a personal care at-tendant in your home right now, you can deduct that—that is being taken away. This is a bad plan. We need to slow down; we need to give the American people a chance to understand this bet-ter. Again, I call on the Ways and Means Committee to, again, slow down and cancel the markups that are sched-uled this week. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 6 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OMER ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of the universe, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members of this assembly as they set upon the work of these hours, of these days. Help them to make wise decisions in a good manner and to carry their responsibilities steadily, with high hopes for a better future for our great Nation. As legislation on taxes continues to be debated this week and next, may all Members be mindful that the institu-tions and structures of our great Na-tion guarantee the opportunities that have allowed some to achieve great success, while others continue to strug-gle. May their efforts these days guar-antee that there are not winners and losers under new tax laws, but benefits balanced and shared by all Americans. May Your blessing, O God, be with them and with us all this day and every day to come, and may all we do be done for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Alle-giance. Ms. NORTON led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States were commu-nicated to the House by Ms. Gabrielle Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
ISRAELI-AMERICAN COUNCIL (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, our thoughts and prayers are with all those who are grieving at the First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs, Texas. This morning, I was grateful to join the Israeli-American Council at their fourth National Council Conference to celebrate our ally, Israel, and the spe-cial relationship we have formed over many years with the people of Israel. It was meaningful to be greeted by Na-tional Chairman Adam Milstein, and to discuss issues with Dr. Miriam and Sheldon Adelson. The Israeli-American Council is the fastest growing Jewish-American orga-nization in the United States, and works every day to foster a strong and positive relationship between the United States and the Israeli people. I am grateful for their many accom-plishments, and I wish them continued success in strengthening the American- Israeli relationship in the years to come through mutual economic suc-cess, creating jobs while promoting peace through strength with military cooperation. South Carolina has always appre-ciated its Jewish heritage as home of the largest Jewish population of any State at the time of the American Rev-olution. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
MASS DEPORTATION WOULD DISRUPT OUR COUNTRY (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, mass de-portation of Temporary Protected Sta-tus recipients today would disrupt our country and theirs. More than 32,000 Salvadorans live in the District of Columbia metro area; and Salvadorans, at 200,000, are the largest group of TPS holders in the country today. TPS designation requires the Attor-ney General to find ‘‘extraordinary and temporary conditions preventing re-turning to the state in safety.’’ The most recent influx of Salva-dorans, one-third of them unaccom-panied minors, shows that these condi-tions have been met for TPS holders and others. With the breakdown of civil society in Central America today, forced return of anyone now would be inhumane. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DEANE BOZEMAN SCHOOL FOR ACADEMIC EXCEL-LENCE (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize Deane Bozeman School, a title I school, located in Bay County, Florida. Deane Bozeman School prides itself on developing boys and girls of character and as well-educated American citi-zens. The school’s administration, fac-ulty, staff, and parents join in invest-ing and educating over 1,300 students, prekindergarten through 12th grade. The result is that Deane Bozeman School continues a tradition of aca-demic excellence. This year, Deane Bozeman School reaches yet another milestone in excel-lence by adding a fully chartered Army Junior ROTC program to its cur-riculum. As cadets, the ROTC program will develop middle and high school students into leaders whose characters are based on the fundamental values of loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service, integrity, and personal courage. Under the leadership of Chief War-rant Officer Retired Jeff Adkins, these students will certainly thrive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\NOVEMBER\H06NO7.REC H06NO7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8501 November 6, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in con-gratulating Deane Bozeman School for taking such a bold step and enriching the lives of the students in this inau-gural year of its Army ROTC program. 
f 
A MASSIVE WINDFALL FOR INVESTORS (Mr. RASKIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, slashing the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent means one thing: a mas-sive windfall for investors. While the champagne flows at the Trump Hotel after-party, middle class Americans would get nothing from this plan other than their deductions taken away for medical expenses, housing, and college loan interest payments. People won’t even be able to deduct for most State and local income taxes paid, while large corporations would continue to do so. Here is the real shocker: fully 35 per-cent of the windfall, between $500 bil-lion and $700 billion this decade, will go to foreign investors who own 35 percent of American stock. That money will be lost to us forever. It won’t be there for Medicare or Medicaid or anything else. Blowing up our deficit by $1.5 trillion while transferring that much wealth to big corporations is a terrible idea. It is atrocious when you realize that we won’t just be spoiling superrich Ameri-cans with billions of dollars, we will be spoiling superrich foreigners, too. Let’s stop this speeding train and come up with a bipartisan tax plan that works for all Americans. 
f 
ANOTHER DAY, ANOTHER TRAGEDY HERE IN AMERICA (Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, another day, another tragedy here in America. These are difficult times in this coun-try, and it seems that we have spent the last several months careening from one tragedy to the next: from the con-gressional baseball shooting to Char-lottesville, from Charlottesville to Las Vegas, from Las Vegas to the terrorist attack in New York, from the terrorist attack in New York to a mass shooting at a Baptist Church in south Texas. Something is wrong here in America, yet all we seem to do is to come to Congress, have a respectful moment of silence, and then move on as if every-thing is okay. It is not okay. It is time for this ‘‘do-nothing Con-gress’’ to do something, do anything to help stop the carnage that is taking place in our great country. 
f 
PENALTIES IMPOSED ON MORTGAGE LENDERS (Mr. SESSIONS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I first want to say, ladies and gentlemen who are here, thank you for being here. I am from Dallas, Texas, and I stand in sorrow for my fellow Texans and the country, for those from Sutherland Springs, Texas, outside of San Antonio, who suffered the mass shooting of this weekend. Mr. Speaker, I rise today also to highlight an issue that is impacting first-time home buyers in America. Over the past 8 years, the Department of Justice has penalized many mort-gage lenders who participated in the Federal Housing Administration’s mortgage insurance program, a pro-gram that provides access to mort-gages for some of America’s first-time home buyers. Unfortunately, the Department of Justice still continues, even today, to use the False Claims Act to impose penalties on mortgage lenders, many of whom were guilty of only material de-ficiencies in the loan applications, minor issues that, years later, people came back and tried to find a mistake so that they could pin the tail, pin a fine on some mortgage lender. My colleagues and I have objected to these actions by the Department of Justice because many of the short-comings in these loan applications were never intended as efforts to de-fraud anyone, but merely technical oversights, perhaps facts that might have not been completely known at the time of the loan application. Many long-time mortgage lenders have exited this program because they cannot risk opening themselves to the penalties that have been imposed, I think, unwisely, by the Department of Justice for mere technical short-comings of these loans. So I have been a part of Members who are asking the Department of Jus-tice to impose a moratorium to review what they are doing on the use of the False Claims Act to pursue such viola-tions until the FHA can complete its own taxonomy, which is a set of stand-ards that would impose penalties com-mensurate with the severity of the of-fense. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, would ask the American people for their express blessings upon those who gave their life this weekend in Texas. f 
EDUCATION IS THE NUMBER ONE EQUALIZER (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I think education is the number one equalizer. It is the door to opportunity, yet the GOP tax plan will make it harder to afford to be able to go to college. When I was a kid, my parents—both immigrants from Mexico, where mom only had a third grade education—told me that I had to become a doctor or a lawyer. That was the only way to get out of the poverty that we lived in. As a result, I went to college. I was saddled in student loan debt when I came out. As a matter of fact, I still have over $50,000 of student loan debt. It shouldn’t be this way. Congress should be working to make it easier to go to college so that there is debt-free college, or at least make it more affordable. Unfortunately, that is not the case. Instead, Congress is considering a terrible GOP tax plan that proposes to eliminate the student loan interest de-duction and lifetime learning credits. Under current rules, borrowers paying off education loans can deduct up to $2,500 of interest paid on student loans. Deductions lower your taxable in-come. About 12.4 million people claimed it for the year 2015. You can claim the student loan break for sev-eral years after college while paying off the loans. The GOP tax plan would destroy this key deduction for young graduates and workers getting the job training they need to succeed in the 21st century economy. Millenials and young workers, if you disagree, rise and have your voice heard today. Just say no to the GOP tax plan that only makes it harder to afford college. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM DISTRICT DIRECTOR, HONORABLE HANK JOHNSON, JR., MEMBER OF CON-GRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from Kathy Register, District Director, the Honorable H
ANKJOHNSON , Jr., Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 1, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena for testimony, issued by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. After consulting with the Office of General Counsel, I will make the determinations re-quired by Rule VIII. Sincerely, K
ATHY REGISTER , District Director. f 
b1415 COMMUNICATION FROM CON-STITUENT SERVICES REP-RESENTATIVE, HONORABLE HANK JOHNSON, JR., MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from Tishyra Johnson Arm-strong, Constituent Services Rep-resentative, the Honorable H
ANKJOHN-
SON, Jr., Member of Congress: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Nov 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.005 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8502 November 6, 2017 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 1, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena for testimony, issued by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. After consulting with the Office of General Counsel, I will make the determinations re-quired by Rule VIII. Sincerely, T
ISHYRA JOHNSON ARMSTRONG , Constituent Services Representative. f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO BURUNDI—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–76) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13712 of November 22, 2015, with respect to the situation in Burundi, is to continue in effect beyond November 22, 2017. The situation in Burundi, which has been marked by killing and other vio-lence against civilians, unrest, the in-citement of violence, and significant political repression, and which threat-ens the peace, security, and stability of Burundi and the region, continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and for-eign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13712 with respect to the situation in Burundi. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , November 6, 2017. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO IRAN—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–77) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12170 of November 14, 1979, is to con-tinue in effect beyond November 14, 2017. Our relations with Iran have not yet normalized, and the process of imple-menting the agreements with Iran, dated January 19, 1981, is ongoing. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 12170 with respect to Iran. DONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , November 6, 2017. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE PROLIFERATION OF WEAP-ONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–78) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice, stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the proliferation of weapons of mass de-struction that was declared in Execu-tive Order 12938 of November 14, 1994, is to continue in effect beyond November 14, 2017. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , November 6, 2017. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 19 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. f 
b1630 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UNN) at 4 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO FURNISH ASSISTANCE FOR ADAPTATIONS OF RESIDENCES OF VETERANS IN REHABILITATION PROGRAMS Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3562) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to fur-nish assistance for adaptations of resi-dences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3562 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. IMPROVEMENTS TO AUTHORITIES FOR PROVISION OF ASSISTANCE FOR ADAPTATIONS OF RESIDENCES OF VETERANS IN REHABILITATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 21 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2102A the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 2102B. Adaptations to residences of vet-erans in rehabilitation programs ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary may assist a vet-eran who is entitled to services and assist-ance under chapter 31 of this title and is pur-suing a rehabilitation program under such chapter in acquiring such adaptations to such veteran’s residence as are determined necessary by the Secretary to accomplish the purposes of such rehabilitation program. ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT .—(1) The aggregate amount of assistance available to a veteran under sub-section (a) may not exceed $77,307. The Sec-retary may waive this limitation for a vet-eran if the Secretary determines a waiver is necessary for the rehabilitation program of the veteran. ‘‘(2) Effective on October 1 of each year (be-ginning in 2017), the Secretary shall increase the amount described in paragraph (1) by the percentage calculated under section 2102(e)(2) of this title. ‘‘(3) Beginning on October 1, 2019, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO7.004 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8503 November 6, 2017 
Representatives a biennial report on the use of the waiver authority under paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be nec-essary to carry out this section. ‘‘(d) R
EHABILITATION PROGRAM DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘rehabilitation pro-gram’ has the meaning given such term in section 3101 of this title.’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may pro-vide assistance under section 2102B of such title, as added by subsection (a), in advance of regulations by issuing notice specifying the criteria for the application, approval, and oversight processes relating to the provi-sion of assistance under such section. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
COPE OF SERVICES AND ASSISTANCE FOR  
TRAINING AND REHABILITATION .—Section 3104 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) The Secretary may not assist a vet-eran in acquiring adaptations to the resi-dence of the veteran under this chapter. Any such assistance may be furnished only under section 2102B of this title.’’. (2) M
EMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES RESID -
ING OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Section 2101A of such title is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (B) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding sub-sections (a) and (b), this section shall not apply to the provision of assistance under section 2102B of this title.’’. (3) B
ENEFITS ADDITIONAL TO BENEFITS  
UNDER OTHER LAWS .—Section 2104 of such title is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘; how-ever’’ and all that follows through ‘‘once’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking the sec-ond sentence; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) The Secretary may not provide assist-ance to a veteran under this chapter if the Secretary determines such assistance would result in a duplication of benefits under this title to the veteran.’’. (4) E
XCEPTION TO MANDATORY LIFE INSUR -
ANCE .—Section 2106(a) of such title is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(a) The Secretary shall insure any indi-vidual under 70 years of age who has received assistance under this chapter against the death of the individual except for an indi-vidual who— ‘‘(1) elects in writing to not receive insur-ance under this section; ‘‘(2) fails to respond in a timely manner to a request from the Secretary for information on which the premium for such insurance can be based; or ‘‘(3) receives such assistance under section 2102B of this title.’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 21 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2102A the following new item: ‘‘2102B. Adaptations to residences of veterans in rehabilitation programs.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. Mr. ROE of Tennessee, Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3562. This bill was introduced by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ), my good friend, and would streamline the process for needed home adapta-tions for our most severely wounded veterans and servicemembers. The bill would do this by having the most qualified VA employees, those who al-ready work on VA’s Specially Adaptive Housing program and who are experts in home adaptation, oversee the changes to a veteran’s home. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ), chairman of the Subcommittee on Economic Oppor-tunity, to discuss this bill. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss H.R. 3562 and ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan, commonsense legisla-tion to improve our services for those who have ‘‘borne the battle″: America’s disabled veterans. Currently, if a disabled veteran in VA’s Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment program needs adapta-tions made to their home due to the limitations of their disability, then it is their vocational rehabilitation coun-selor, someone who has no experience or training in home construction, who makes such arrangements for these ad-aptations. In addition to the lack of core com-petency in home adaptations, these counselors have experienced a signifi-cant and steady rise in their job coun-seling caseloads, so their focusing on this home construction takes away from their primary function as a voca-tional counselor. This has resulted in inefficiencies for disabled veterans who now have to wait in line, and it is cost-ing taxpayers more money. While these are master’s degree-level counselors who provide great services to our veterans every single day, they do not have the expertise to under-stand how to build a wheelchair ramp, affix a grab bar to a wall, or implement other home adaptations. This bill would simply transfer these respon-sibility’s to VA’s Specially Adapted Housing program, where they deal with these kinds of construction projects every day. This change is needed. It will save the taxpayers money, and, most impor-tantly, it will help our disabled vet-erans immensely by ensuring that they have the right people on the job to ad-dress their service-connected disabil-ities in a timely fashion. Mr. Speaker, as we head into Vet-erans Day this upcoming weekend, I just want to take a moment of personal privilege and say what an honor it has been to serve on the VA Committee and chair the Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity, and I want to thank, especially, the chairman for that opportunity. It is humbling to know that in some small way I can do my part on behalf of the people of west Texas to serve those who put their lives on the line for all of us. Veterans represent the very best of what this country was built on: service before self. I say this because, at a time when our country’s culture and polit-ical environment seems so divided, the one thing that continues to bring us to-gether as Americans is our service-members and veterans. When they raised their right hand and swore an oath to defend their fel-low citizens, they did not care if we were from a red State or a blue State, Republican or Democrat. They did it for love of country and to protect not only their family and friends, but also the stranger whom they will never meet. That is why I am also very proud that, when we consider veterans legis-lation as we are doing today and to-morrow, we are doing the two most im-portant things expected by all Ameri-cans: working together to solve prob-lems, and delivering on our promise to the American people. I believe that the cumulative effect of commonsense measures such as the bill that we are considering today are helping to de-liver on those promises. I want to thank Chairman R
OE, again, and also House leadership on both sides for helping us bring this bill through our committee and to the floor. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Sub-committee on Economic Opportunity, I would be remiss if I didn’t also thank the leadership of my ranking member, friend, and fellow west Texan, Mr. B
ETOO’ROURKE , in getting this bill in-troduced and to where it is today. I know that our fellow Americans would strongly agree with me that our veterans, especially our disabled vet-erans, deserve the very best services their country can provide, and this bill is another step towards doing just that. I urge all my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3562 requires the Department of Veterans Affairs to pro-vide funding for home adaptations for severely disabled veterans within the Vocational, Rehabilitation, and Em-ployment, or VR&E, program. Currently, VA provides severely dis-abled veterans assistance to lead a more independent life through the VR&E program, which can include help with adaptive housing. However, as their name suggests, VR&E counselors are primarily trained to provide voca-tional and employment assistance, and they do not necessarily have the exper-tise to provide the best guidance on adaptive housing. The agents and contractors who are part of VA’s Specially Adaptive Hous-ing program, however, do have this ex-pertise. The SAH program is specifi-cally geared towards helping severely disabled veterans with adapting their homes to be equipped for independent living. Therefore, in order to better serve se-verely disabled veterans, this bill au-thorizes the SAH program to provide assistance to home adaptations for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO7.008 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8504 November 6, 2017 
VR&E-eligible veterans. The amount of assistance would be capped at the same level of funding that is currently pro-vided to SAH-eligible veterans. This is a solution that puts the right VA employee in charge of assisting a disabled veteran to adapt their home. This will also reduce the workload on VR&E counselors, allowing them to spend more time helping veterans with employment services. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, this is the type of legis-lation that I am proud members of our committee continue to bring forward. While it is not as flashy as the GI Bill package we passed earlier this year or Care in the Community legislation we are working on later this week, this bill gets to the core of what this Con-gress should be about: making it easier for disabled veterans to receive the benefits they have earned. I commend Mr. A
RRINGTON and Mr. O’R
OURKE for looking at a challenge and working with the administration and veterans groups to craft this im-portant bill. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3562. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3562, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3562. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
VA MANAGEMENT ALIGNMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1066) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report regarding the organiza-tional structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1066 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Manage-ment Alignment Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORT ON THE ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report (including recommendations for legis-lation the Secretary considers appropriate) regarding the roles, responsibility, and ac-countability of elements and individuals of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—In creating the re-port under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) utilize the results of— (A) the Independent Assessment of the Health Care Delivery Systems and Manage-ment Process of the Department of Veterans Affairs established by section 201 of the Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146); (B) any study or report by the Commission on Care established by section 202 of the Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146); and (C) other studies or reports, including a re-port titled ‘‘Task Force on Improving Effec-tiveness of VHA Governance: Report to the VHA Under Secretary for Health’’, dated February 28, 2015; and (2) specify clearly delineated roles and re-sponsibilities to optimize the organizational effectiveness and accountability of each— (A) Administration, staff office, or staff or-ganization; (B) subordinate organization of each Ad-ministration, staff office, or staff organiza-tion; and (C) key leader of the Department in rela-tion to any Administration, staff office, or staff organization, Veteran Integrated Serv-ice Network, or medical facility. (c) D
EFINITION .—In this Act, the term ‘‘key leader of the Department’’ includes— (1) the Secretary; (2) the Deputy Secretary; (3) each Under Secretary; (4) each Assistant Secretary; (5) each Deputy Assistant Secretary; (6) the Chief Financial Officer; (7) the Chief Information Officer; (8) the General Counsel; (9) the Inspector General; (10) the Director of Construction and Fa-cilities Management; (11) the Chief of Staff; (12) the Chairman of the Board of Veterans’ Appeals; (13) the Vice Chairman of the Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals; (14) the Director of each Veterans Inte-grated Service Network; and (15) the Director of each medical facility. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 1066. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, in just a few days, Americans will once again take time to remember and honor the sacrifices of the very few of our fellow Americans who have sworn a solemn oath to de-fend this great Nation. As an Army Medical Corps veteran myself, I am proud that, with the sup-port of leadership and Members of both sides, we will pass a series of bills today and tomorrow that improve the delivery of healthcare and enhance the benefits available to America’s vet-erans. On our first bill, H.R. 1066, the VA Management Alignment Act, issues with the organization and management of the Veterans Health Administration and the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, in general, are nothing new. In 2015, the independent assessment found VA’s organizational structure to be un-necessarily complex, rampant with mistrust and risk aversion, confused about priorities and strategic direc-tion, and hampered by a workforce that was losing motivation and a lead-ership team that was overwhelmed by crisis management. In 2016, the Com-mission on Care found VA to have one of the lowest organizational health scores in all of the Federal Government and lacking effective national policies and a rational organizational struc-ture. Similar findings have been made by veterans, veterans service organiza-tions, VA employees, the Government Accountability Office, the VA inspec-tor general, and others in countless re-ports and testimony and stories over the last several years. They have also been common themes in the recent oversight hearings and site visits. In order to improve the care, bene-fits, and services that VA provides to our Nation’s veterans and increase ac-countability for poor-performing em-ployees, VA must first clarify and ra-tionalize the Department’s organiza-tional structure and the roles, respon-sibilities, and lines of authority for su-pervisors, managers, and employees. H.R. 1066 would jump-start that ef-fort by requiring the VA to use the work the independent assessment, the Commission on Care, and others have already done to create a report on how the Department is to be structured—to include clearly defined roles and re-sponsibilities of key leaders across all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.014 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8505 November 6, 2017 
levels—and submit it to Congress for review. I am grateful to Representative K
IL-
MER for sponsoring this legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1066, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1066, the VA Management Alignment Act of 2017, as introduced by my col-league from Washington, the most ex-cellent Representative, D
EREK KILMER . His advocacy and hard work on behalf of veterans is commendable. This bipartisan measure will require the VA Secretary to report to Congress on the roles, responsibilities, and ac-countability of employees within VA. This oversight is sorely needed. Last Congress, in testimony before the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee, the bipar-tisan co-chairs of the Commission on Care both highlighted how little atten-tion is paid to the VA’s human re-sources to ensure the Department is functioning efficiently. Representative K
ILMER ’s legislation will help lead to a VA that more effectively meets vet-erans’ needs. I have enjoyed working with Rep-resentative K
ILMER to advance this leg-islation through committee and truly appreciate his work on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. K
ILMER ). b1645 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I believe that we have a responsibility to ensure that military veterans have access to the benefits and services that they have earned. These men and women have had our backs, and we need to have theirs. We can’t stand by as they endure challenges seeing doctors or getting treatment because of management fail-ures and unnecessary bureaucratic bar-riers. Taxpayers have spent millions of dollars, tens of millions of dollars, to identify how the VA is broken and to identify opportunities to fix it. The Government Accountability Of-fice has raised specific suggestions re-lated to management issues, but, un-fortunately, the VA has implemented few, if any, of these solutions, and that cannot stand. How can our Nation’s veterans expect to get what they have earned if the leaders and components of the VA are not expected to cooperate with one an-other? How can they expect to see med-ical providers if the VA cannot bring in or maintain talented medical profes-sionals? The VA Management Alignment Act is a bipartisan effort to address these and other management problems that have real consequences on the delivery of care to our friends, our neighbors, and to our loved ones. Representative NEWHOUSE and I drafted this bill with input from the Government Accountability Office to bring an end to this disjointed and inef-ficient system. The bill would require the Secretary to outline the roles, re-sponsibilities, and accountability measures of senior leaders and branches of the VA and to provide Con-gress with a series of legislative op-tions to assist the Secretary in real-izing positive change. The goal of this bill is to help Con-gress and the administration work to-gether to fix these problems. The goal of this bill is to make sure veterans get the care and the benefits that they have earned. I would like to thank Chairman R
OE and Ranking Member W
ALZ for their leadership and support in moving this bill forward. I would like to thank my colleague from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) for his help as well. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation to help us align the VA into a system that can deliver on our Na-tion’s responsibilities to our military veterans. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1066, the VA Management Alignment Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1066. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
VETERANS CARE FINANCIAL PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3122) to protect individuals who are eligible for increased pension under laws administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs on the basis of need of regular aid and attendance from dishonest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3122 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Care Financial Protection Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS NO-TICE OF DISHONEST, PREDATORY, OR OTHERWISE UNLAWFUL PRAC-TICES TARGETING INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE ELIGIBLE FOR INCREASED PENSION ON BASIS OF NEED FOR REGULAR AID AND ATTENDANCE. 
(a) N OTICE REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall include on the internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs a warning to veterans relating to dishonest, pred-atory, or otherwise unlawful practices targeting individuals who are eligible for increased pen-sion under chapter 15 of title 38, United States Code, on the basis of need for regular aid and attendance. (b) GAO S
TUDY .— (1) S
TUDY REQUIRED .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study on financial ex-ploitation of veterans. Such study shall in-clude— (A) an analysis of the types of standards used by Federal and State agencies intended to pro-tect vulnerable populations from financial ex-ploitation; and (B) an analysis of the types of financial ex-ploitation facing veterans who are eligible for increased pension under chapter 15 of title 38, United States Code, on the basis of need for reg-ular aid and attendance and any gaps in efforts to address these issues. (2) R
EPORTS .— (A) P
RELIMINARY REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Con-gress a preliminary report on the study required under paragraph (1). (B) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a final report on such study. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 3122, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3122, as amended, the Veterans Care Financial Protection Act. Mr. Speaker, VA offers an additional pension benefit called Aid and Attend-ance, or A&A, to some disabled or el-derly veterans who need help with ac-tivities of daily living such as dressing or bathing. It may come as a shock to many Americans, but there are people out there who actually take advantage of elderly and disabled veterans by charg-ing them money to help them apply for A&A benefits when the application process is free. If veterans need help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.017 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8506 November 6, 2017 
filling out the application, veterans service organizations like The Amer-ican Legion, Disabled American Vet-erans, VFW, and others will help, at no charge, even if the veteran is not a member of the organization. Unfortunately, there are many vet-erans who don’t know that the free help is available and, more impor-tantly, that it is illegal to charge them a dime to file a claim. So some vet-erans may end up falling prey to these dishonest individuals. H.R. 3122 would help educate veterans and their families by requiring VA to post warnings on its website about scammers who actually take money from our Nation’s most vulnerable vet-erans for a service that should be free. The bill would also require GAO to conduct a study and submit a report to Congress on how to better protect vul-nerable veterans from being taken ad-vantage of. With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3122, as amended, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3122, as amended, the Veterans Care Financial Protection Act of 2017, and thank the bill’s spon-sor, the congressman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ), for intro-ducing it. Veterans who served during wartime, and their spouses, may be eligible to receive pension benefits if they meet certain income and other eligibility re-quirements. Such veterans and sur-vivors may also be eligible for addi-tional financial benefits, known as Aid and Attendance, if the applicant needs assistance performing personal func-tions required in everyday living such as bathing, feeding, and dressing. Now, VA does not charge veterans and their families to apply for Aid and Attendance benefits. In addition, vet-erans service organizations, such as The American Legion and VFW, offer free assistance to veterans and their families who wish to apply for this ben-efit. Yet, in all parts of the country, some individuals attempt to charge fees for helping veterans apply for Aid and At-tendance benefits. According to organi-zations, such as AARP and the Federal Trade Commission, senior veterans have increasingly become subject to scams involving insurance agents and financial planners trying to convince veterans to make quick decisions about pursuing Aid and Attendance in addi-tion to their pension incomes. Some scammers use false representations such as suggesting automatic entitle-ment to benefits. Of greater concern, though, are those who help the veteran restructure finan-cial assets in order to qualify for pen-sion and/or Aid and Attendance. For example, moving financial assets into a pooled-asset irrevocable trust might render a veteran eligible for pension and Aid and Attendance, despite hav-ing assets in excess of the qualifying income thresholds. While it appears that this would ben-efit the veteran, what these salesmen do not tell them is that this type of re-structuring might preclude them from Medicaid eligibility because of rules such as a 5-year look-back period, which considers whether one has moved substantial assets at less than market value. H.R. 3122, as amended, would require that VA post warnings on its website about dishonest individuals who would charge fees to this very vulnerable group of veterans and their families to help beneficiaries apply for pension with Aid and Attendance benefits. Now, this bill would also require GAO to submit a report to Congress on the types of standards used by Federal and State agencies intended to protect vul-nerable populations from financial ex-ploitation, an analysis of the types of financial exploitation facing veterans who are eligible for Aid and Attend-ance benefits, and any other gaps and efforts to address these issues. H.R. 3122, the Veterans Care Finan-cial Protection Act, enjoys broad bi-partisan support in the House of Rep-resentatives as well as from our vet-erans service organizations. I want to also acknowledge the work of the Sub-committee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Chairman M
IKE B
OSTand Ranking Member E LIZABETH  E
STYfor their efforts to protect vet-erans. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, with Veterans Day approaching rap-idly, I find it particularly fitting that we raise this important issue today, an issue affecting our veterans that should concern all of us here in the Congress. As Americans, we enter into a moral covenant with our armed services, with the men and women warfighters that we send into harm’s way. It is a cov-enant that says: you do this for us, and we will take care of you when the time comes, when you need us. It is a cov-enant that our honoring is of para-mount importance, and there is no one here in the people’s House who wants to turn his or her back on that cov-enant. As part of this enduring covenant and commitment to those who have served our Nation, the VA provides, as has been mentioned, a modest Aid and Attendance benefit to low-income vet-erans in need of our support. It is a benefit that helps pay for assisted liv-ing and in-home personal care for vet-erans who qualify for VA pension and are homebound or require the aid and assistance of another person. Unfortunately, as Dr. ROEmen-tioned, a number of unscrupulous scam artists are out there taking advantage of this commitment and this benefit provided to our veterans. They abuse the VA system by deliberately mis-leading our veterans into thinking they have to pay application fees, into creating damaging irrevocable trusts, into paying extra fees for so-called ex-pediting these applications when no such expediting is available, and for paying any fees at all when, as has been mentioned, the veterans service organizations do it for free. Practices such as these leave vulner-able, elderly veterans with few choices outside of draining their own remain-ing assets. My bill, the Veterans Care Financial Protection Act of 2017, is a bipartisan, commonsense approach that will direct Federal agencies to work with the States and outside ex-perts to establish standards that will prevent this kind of exploitation of our veterans and protect them from dis-honest, predatory, or otherwise unlaw-ful practices relating to the A&A ben-efit, and it will require a report from the Government Accountability Office to conduct a study and report to Con-gress on how better to protect veterans from these scam artists. Mr. Speaker, we owe our veterans, who have made great sacrifices for all of us, the protection and benefits that they deserve, and, as such, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill. I want to thank the chairman of the VA committee, Dr. R
OEfrom Ten-nessee; its ranking member, Mr. W
ALZ from Minnesota; and the entire Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee for taking up this bill. And I would also like to thank, over in the Senate, Senator W
ARREN , for her hard work on this bill in the Senate as well. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I want to associate my remarks to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). He is absolutely 100 per-cent correct. To have a vulnerable vet-eran, an elderly veteran in need who served this country, maybe in World War II, Korea, Vietnam, and then to have them taken advantage of is in-comprehensible to me. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, and I am prepared to close. I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and again, I strongly support H.R. 3122, as amended, and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this needed legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. THE SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3122, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.020 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8507 November 6, 2017 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to include on the internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs a warning regard-ing dishonest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices targeting individ-uals who are eligible for increased pen-sion on the basis of need for regular aid and attendance, and for other pur-poses.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1700 PROVIDING FOR A CONSISTENT ELIGIBILITY DATE FOR PROVI-SION OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS MEMORIAL HEADSTONES AND MARKERS FOR ELIGIBLE SPOUSES AND DE-PENDENT CHILDREN Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3656) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligibility date for provision of Department of Veterans Affairs me-morial headstones and markers for eli-gible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are unavail-able, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3656 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ELIGIBILITY OF VETERANS’ SPOUSES AND DEPENDENT CHILDREN WHOSE REMAINS ARE UNAVAILABLE FOR DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS MEMORIAL HEADSTONES AND MARKERS. 
Section 2306(b)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘An individual who dies on or after November 11, 1998, who is the’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘An’’ and inserting ‘‘An individual who dies on or after November 11, 1998, who is an’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 3656, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3656, as amended. Under current law, VA may provide a memorial headstone or marker for a veteran’s dependent child or surviving spouse if their remains are unavailable. But this law also contains an inconsist-ency. VA can provide a memorial head-stone or marker for a spouse who dies on or after November 11, 1998, but can only provide one for a dependent child who dies on or after December 22, 2006. The disparity makes it difficult for VA to administer this law. More impor-tantly, it has led to some confusion among veterans and their families as to whether a particular family member is eligible for this benefit or not. These families are not just mourning, but they are also coping with the heartbreak of not being able to prop-erly lay their loved one to rest because the remains have not been recovered. I am concerned that it is possible that these families may not request a me-morial VA headstone or marker be-cause they aren’t sure if they qualify. I hope that this bill will bring these fam-ilies some peace by allowing VA to pro-vide a permanent memorial marker to ensure their loved one will not be for-gotten. H.R. 3656 would help avoid confusion by making the eligibility dates for the memorial markers consistent for sur-viving spouses and dependent children. This may seem like a small change, but I know it will be very important to grieving families who want to ensure that their loved ones are properly me-morialized. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3656, as amended, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3656, as amended, which resolves an in-consistency in the eligibility for non-veteran spouses and children receiving memorial headstones. The legislation ensures a consistent applicability date for memorial headstones and markers for eligible nonveteran individuals whose remains are not available. Under current law, a surviving spouse who dies on or after November 11, 1998, is eligible for a headstone or marker. But for dependent children who pass away, the date of eligibility for a headstone or marker does not occur until December 22, 2006. This arbitrary difference causes situ-ations in which VA can provide a marker for the parent, but not the de-pendent child. Clearly, this change would make it easier for surviving fam-ily members to make funeral and bur-ial plans. H.R. 3656, as amended, is supported by the major veteran service organiza-tions and enjoys bipartisan support in the House Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 3656, as amended, and I urge my colleagues in the House to do the same. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
ANKS ), an active member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and a Navy veteran. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ROEfor his hard work on behalf of our veterans as chairman of the House Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. I am very proud to serve on that committee under his leadership. Mr. Speaker, because our veterans answered the call and served our coun-try, we, in turn, must serve them and their families. This commitment extends to assist-ing them in medical recovery, in suc-cessfully transitioning to the civilian workforce, and, just as importantly, in properly memorializing their lives when they are gone. Current law provides memorial headstones for veterans and for their spouses and children when the remains of the deceased cannot be found. This can occur in unfortunate cases, such as a boating or a plane accident. Public Law 105–368 provides headstones for spouses, and it was en-acted in 1998. Public Law 109–461 pro-vides headstones for dependent chil-dren, and it was enacted in 2006. Both groups are eligible for this benefit as of the date of enactment. However, as has already been said, it is unfortunate that these two laws did not go into ef-fect at the same time, potentially opening the door for a parent to receive this benefit, but not a child. Mr. Speaker, my bill, H.R. 3656, would amend title 38 of the United States Code to provide for a consistent eligibility date for spouses and depend-ent children. The date for both would be set at the current date for spouses: November 11, 1998. This bill is especially necessary for the few tragic cases in which a spouse and a dependent child both passed away in the same accident during a pe-riod when these two laws were not in sync. We need to correct this situation. My legislation is a practical fix to take care of our veterans and their families, and to keep our commitment to them. Therefore, I ask my col-leagues to support the passage of H.R. 3656. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. Again, I strongly sup-port H.R. 3656, as amended, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this commonsense piece of leg-islation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3656, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.022 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8508 November 6, 2017 
AUTHORIZING THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO PROVIDE HEADSTONES AND MARKERS FOR THE GRAVES OF SPOUSES AND CHILDREN OF VETERANS WHO ARE BURIED IN TRIBAL CEMETERIES Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3657) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pro-vide headstones and markers for the graves of spouses and children of vet-erans who are buried in tribal ceme-teries, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3657 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ELIGIBILITY OF SPOUSES AND CHIL-DREN OF VETERANS BURIED IN TRIBAL CEMETERIES FOR CERTAIN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS BURIAL BENEFITS. 
Section 2306 of title 38, United States Code is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(4), by inserting ‘‘or a vet-erans’ cemetery owned by a tribal organization or on tribal land owned by or held in trust by a tribal organization’’ after ‘‘State’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘, a vet-erans’ cemetery of a tribal organization or on tribal land owned by or held in trust by a tribal organization’’ after ‘‘owned by a State’’; and (3) in subsection (f)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (B) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) The Secretary’’; (C) by striking ‘‘a national cemetery or in a veterans cemetery of a State or tribal organiza-tion for which the Department has provided a grant under section 2408 of this title’’ and in-serting ‘‘a covered cemetery’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) The term ‘covered cemetery’ means any of the following: ‘‘(A) A national cemetery. ‘‘(B) A veterans’ cemetery of a State for which the Department has provided a grant under sec-tion 2408 of this title. ‘‘(C) A veterans’ cemetery of a tribal organiza-tion or on tribal land owned by or held in trust by a tribal organization for which the Depart-ment has provided a grant under such section.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 3657, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3657, as amended. VA provides headstones and markers for the spouses or dependent children of veterans who are interred in a na-tional or State veterans cemetery at no charge. But VA is not authorized to provide headstones or markers for spouses and dependent children who are interred in Tribal veterans ceme-teries. That is not right. There is no reason that veterans and their families who are interred in Trib-al veterans cemeteries shouldn’t re-ceive the same benefits as those who decide to use national or State vet-erans cemeteries. H.R. 3657 would allow VA to provide headstones and markers for eligible family members who are interred in Tribal veterans cemeteries. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative POLIQUIN for introducing this bill. I know he has a special interest in this because his district includes a Tribal veterans cemetery. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3657, and ensure that vet-erans who choose to be interred in Tribal cemeteries are given the same recognition that we give to veterans who are interred in national or State veterans cemeteries. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3657, as amended, which would author-ize VA to provide headstones and markers for the graves of spouses and children of veterans who are buried in Tribal cemeteries. VA currently provides a headstone or a marker for eligible spouses or de-pendent children who are buried or in-terred in a national, military post, or State veterans cemetery. However, spouses and dependents are not eligible for a government-furnished headstone or marker if they are buried in a pri-vate or Tribal cemetery. H.R. 3657, as amended, would resolve this inequity by ensuring that vet-erans’ spouses and children who are buried at Tribal veterans cemeteries are provided government-furnished headstones or markers, which would be the same treatment family members buried at national and State veterans cemeteries receive. H.R. 3657, as amended, enjoys broad, bipartisan support among the Members of the House Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee, and I wish to thank the bill’s sponsor, Representative B
RUCE  P
OLIQUIN , for his sponsorship and the work of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee for bringing it to the floor. Native-American veterans have earned, and deserve, the same rights, privileges, and honors that other vet-erans receive. For this reason, I strong-ly support H.R. 3657, as amended, and I urge my colleagues to join me. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ), my good friend and member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I am very grateful that the House will be voting on this com-monsense piece of legislation tonight. I am very proud to represent the Houlton Band of the Maliseet Indians in Houlton, Maine, who created the first Tribal veterans cemetery not only in Maine, but also along the entire East Coast. This past summer, Mr. Speaker, I was very surprised to learn that family members of veterans buried at Tribal cemeteries are not provided the same treatment as those buried at State and national veterans cemeteries. H.R. 3657 fixes this issue permanently. Specifically, it would ensure that the family members of veterans who are buried at Tribal cemeteries—such as the Maliseet Indian Tribal cemetery in Houlton—are provided with govern-ment-furnished headstones, the same treatment as those buried at national and State veterans cemeteries. Mr. Speaker, we are all Americans. People who put on the uniform—wheth-er a man or a woman, whoever they are, wherever they live, or whatever cemetery they are buried in—deserve the same respect, the same honor, and the same treatment. I am thrilled to tell everybody listen-ing here that this moved out of com-mittee—this commonsense fix—this bill moved out of committee with unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I am asking for that to happen tonight when it appears on the floor, and I am grateful for our chair-man to bring this up tonight. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. Again, I strongly support H.R. 3657, as amended, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank both sides of the aisle for these great bills we are passing this afternoon. It may seem like a small bill to the American public, but to the individual that is af-fected—in Maine, or wherever it may be—this is a huge deal. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on the Democratic side for all of the work they have done on the committee in a bipartisan way. It is a great com-mittee to work on. This is a very important week for all of us, as we go home this Friday to begin celebrating Veterans Day. Two very important days on the committee are Memorial Day and Veterans Day, to honor those who passed and those who are still with us. Mr. Speaker, I thank both the Repub-licans and the Democrats. We put that at the door’s edge, and this week we will be voting on some important pieces of legislation. We have seven more bills on the floor tomorrow. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:34 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.025 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8509 November 6, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for the support they have given our veterans in this country. I once again urge all Members to sup-port this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3657, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide certain burial benefits for spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 15 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 3562; The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 1066; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO FURNISH ASSISTANCE FOR ADAPTATIONS OF RESIDENCES OF VETERANS IN REHABILITATION PROGRAMS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3562) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to fur-nish assistance for adaptations of resi-dences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 400, nays 0, not voting 32, as follows: 
[Roll No. 607] YEAS—400 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—32 
Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Bridenstine Clark (MA) Delaney DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Garrett Gohmert Gowdy Granger Gutie´rrez Hastings Johnson, E. B. Jones Langevin Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean McNerney Meeks Messer Perlmutter Pocan Polis Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Thompson (MS) Thornberry Upton Valadao Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1853 Mses. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ and MOORE changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN MEMORY OF THE VICTIMS OF THE AT-TACK IN SUTHERLAND SPRINGS, TEXAS The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask all present to rise for the purpose of a moment of silence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.027 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8510 November 6, 2017 
The Chair asks that the House now observe a moment of silence in mem-ory of the victims of the attack in Sutherland Springs, Texas. 
f 
VA MANAGEMENT ALIGNMENT ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER. Without objection, 5- minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1066) to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit to the Commit-tees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives a re-port regarding the organizational structure of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 399, nays 0, not voting 33, as follows: 
[Roll No. 608] YEAS—399 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—33 
Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Bridenstine Clark (MA) Delaney DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Garrett Gowdy Granger Gutie´rrez Hastings Johnson, E. B. Jones Langevin Larson (CT) Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean McNerney Meeks Messer Newhouse Perlmutter Pocan Polis Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Thompson (MS) Thornberry Upton Valadao Wilson (FL) Young (AK) b1903 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 608 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 607. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speak-er’s approval of the Journal, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 222, nays 169, answered ‘‘present’’ 3, not voting 38, as follows: 
[Roll No. 609] YEAS—222 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cleaver Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conyers Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent Deutch Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Green, Al Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Levin Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meng Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pascrell Pelosi Pingree Posey Reichert Richmond Roby Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Sa´nchez Sanford Scalise 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.032 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8511 November 6, 2017 
Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Takano Taylor Tiberi Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Vela Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—169 
Adams Aguilar Amash Babin Barraga´n Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buck Budd Burgess Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Cheney Clarke (NY) Clyburn Coffman Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crist Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Dingell Duffy Esty (CT) Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Hartzler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Hunter Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight LaHood Lance Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Marchant Mast Matsui McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Mitchell Neal Noem Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Rouzer Ruiz Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smucker Soto Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Turner Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Woodall Yoder 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—3 
Ellison Rice (SC) Tonko 
NOT VOTING—38 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Bridenstine Clark (MA) Collins (GA) Delaney DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dunn Garrett Gohmert Gowdy Granger Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Johnson, E. B. Jones Langevin Larsen (WA) Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean McNerney Meeks Messer Perlmutter Pocan Polis Quigley Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Thompson (MS) Thornberry Upton Valadao Visclosky Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1911 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be in Washington, DC. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 607, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 608, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 609. 
f 
SUTHERLAND SPRINGS, TEXAS, SHOOTING (Mr. CUELLAR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that we rise today to address the American people. Yesterday morning, a gunman stormed into a church in Sutherland Springs, Texas, a small town of about 400 or 500 individuals, and brutally murdered 26 innocent lives, including at least 12 children, marking the worst shooting in Texas history. Today we grieve the horrific loss of dozens of innocent people. We pray for the victims’ families, who are grasping for answers with broken hearts. I have spoken personally with Wilson County Sheriff Joe Tackitt, County Commissioner Albert Gamez, and other citizens of that area to assist in any way that we can. In the coming hours and days, we will learn more about the victims of this tragedy, their names, their faces, their stories, the joy they brought their families and their friends. We are fully committed to helping Sutherland Springs recover from this senseless tragedy, and we ask every Member of Congress to join us to sup-port this recovery. To the people of Sutherland Springs, I stand with you, we stand with you, the House of Representatives stands with you, and the people of the United States of America stand with you. May God bless all of you. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3043, HYDROPOWER POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 3441, SAVE LOCAL BUSINESS ACT Mr. BYRNE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–391) on the resolution (H. Res. 607) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3043) to modernize hydro-power policy, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3441) to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint em-ployers under the National Labor Rela-tions Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, November 3, 2017, I was un-avoidably detained attending to rep-resentation duties in my district and was not present for rollcall votes 605 and 606. I would like to have reflected in the RECORD , on rollcall vote 605, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on the motion to re-commit with instructions for H.R. 3922, the Community Health and Medical Professionals Improve Our Nation Act of 2017. On rollcall vote 606, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on the passage of H.R. 3922, the Community Health and Medical Professionals Improve Our Nation Act of 2017. On Friday, November 3, 2017, I was un-avoidably detained attending to representation duties and was not present for Roll Call Votes 605 and 606. I ask the record to reflect that had I been present I would have voted as fol-lows: 1. On rollcall 605, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ (On the Motion to Recommit with Instructions for H.R. 3922, the Community Health and Medical Professionals Improve Our Nation Act of 2017). 2. On Rollcall 606, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ (On Passage of H.R. 3922, the Community Health and Medical Professionals Improve Our Nation Act of 2017). 
f 
b1915 EXTENDING TEMPORARY PRO-TECTED STATUS FOR CENTRAL AMERICANS AND HAITIANS (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, the lives of over 300,000 legal immi-grants are at stake. Central Americans and Haitians, many of whom are my constituents, could be facing deporta-tion if their temporary protected sta-tus, known as TPS, were to end. This vital program, signed into law by President George Herbert Walker Bush, has allowed individuals fleeing insta-bility and chaos in their home coun-tries to legally live and work here in the United States. Reports indicate that the administra-tion is considering eliminating TPS for these populations, a decision that will have negative humanitarian, economic, and national security concerns, and that could undermine U.S. investment in the region. Mr. Speaker, as a longtime supporter of TPS, I urge the administration to continue to extend this program and provide a safe haven for Central Ameri-cans and Haitians unable to securely return to their home countries. My heart aches at the thought of massive deportations of good, hardworking peo-ple from my hometown. Mr. Speaker, TPS beneficiaries are important and integral members of our community, and it would be a mistake to turn our backs on them. 
f 
DIVERSITY VISAS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO7.019 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8512 November 6, 2017 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, as Ameri-cans, we mourn for the lives lost in the act of terrorism in New York last week. But New Yorkers are resilient. Violence will never break their spirit, and in the Northeast corridor, business has continued as usual. Sadly, there are folks who want to use last week’s terrorist attack for their cynical political reasons. They don’t want to treat the root causes of extremism, whether based on racial re-sentment, twisted interpretations of religion, or political ideology. They do want to stoke fear in order to advance an anti-immigrant agenda, and they are trying to blame the Diversity Visa program for the violence. Americans are smarter than that. The Diversity Visa program strengthens the Nation by allowing people from places like Africa and the Caribbean to lawfully immigrate to the United States, where they help fill major shortages in the workforce and drive positive changes in their commu-nities. We need them, and they need us. Let’s not sacrifice our national prin-ciples because of a trumped up fear of immigrants. 
f 
CHRISTIAN PERSECUTION (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the world’s largest religion continues to be the world’s most persecuted religion. Christians are assaulted, murdered, harassed, and their homes and church-es increasingly are destroyed. Recently, in Cairo, while Coptic Christian priest Father Rizkallah was collecting humanitarian aid, he was stabbed to death because he was a Christian. Now persecution has taken a new twist. While Islamic extremism con-tinues its genocide on Christians and other different sects of Islam, govern-ment-sponsored persecution is increas-ing worldwide. According to Open Doors, 9 of the top 10 countries where persecution exists have large Islam populations. But North Korea, the number one offender, is an atheist na-tion. Ethnic nationalism is also a major driver of persecution. Weak and/or to-talitarian governments use Christians as scapegoats to keep a grip on power. Religious freedom is mentioned first in our First Amendment because it is the most important of all freedoms. It is a God-given right for all people of all religions. Americans should lead the way in worldwide religious freedom and in denouncing religious persecution of Christians. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the Open Doors USA Persecution of Christians Watch List. 
OPENDOORS USA P ERSECUTION OF  C
HRISTIANS WATCH LIST2017 1. North Korea 2. Somalia 3. Afghanistan 4. Pakistan 5. Sudan 6. Syria 7. Iraq 8. Iran 9. Yemen 10. Eritrea f REPUBLICAN TAX PROPOSAL IS ANTI-LIFE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak against the Republican tax pro-posal to raise taxes on the middle class. Moreover, congressional Repub-licans claim to be pro-life, but this tax bill takes a very different track. Republicans eliminate the tax deduc-tion for medical expenses, which will crush millions of seniors and people with chronic illnesses. This is antilife, not pro-life. Republicans eliminate credits for adoption of children, including disabled children. This is antilife, not pro-life. Republicans eliminate incentives for employers to provide childcare assist-ance to employees. This is antilife, not pro-life. Oh, yes. Republicans also eliminate the student loan interest deduction, making payments for college more ex-pensive. They threw that in there, too. This is antifamily, antilife, not pro-life for the next generation. Meanwhile, the six biggest Wall Street banks, as well as big pharma-ceutical companies, will have their taxes reduced by billions. Excess is re-warded again as taxes are raised on the middle class. The vast majority of ben-efits will go to big corporations, push-ing more jobs offshore. Multimillionaires are happily adding up their winnings. Trump, his billion-aire buddies, and his heirs are laughing all the way to the bank. The Republican tax plan is immoral, unfair, and antilife. I urge my col-leagues to scrap it. Life matters. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RICHARD SYNEK, U.S. NAVY VETERAN AND FOUNDER OF FEED OUR VET-ERANS (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Richard Synek, a veteran of the United States Navy and founder of Feed Our Vets. Rich served in the Navy during the 1980s and was serving aboard the USS Peterson during combat operations against Libya in 1986. After his military service, Rich worked for the United States Postal Service, serving as postmaster for sev-eral local post offices. During his time as postmaster of the Vernon Center Post Office, Rich encountered a World War II veteran who could only afford to buy one stamp and food for half the month. After befriending this veteran, Rich bought him groceries so he and his wife could eat. Shortly after, Feed Our Vet-erans was formed. Since 2008, Feed Our Veterans has served over 20,000 veterans and their families, providing over 445,000 pounds of food for those in need. Our community is grateful to Rich for his service in the Navy, but espe-cially for his continued compassionate service to our fellow veterans. f 
HUB OF HOPE (Mr. EVANS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, today I had the wonderful opportunity to join with a group of civic, business, and community leaders to introduce a new program in the city of Philadelphia called Hub of Hope. The brainchild of SEPTA and Project HOME, Hub of Hope is a new initiative to address homelessness in our city. According to the Department of Housing and Urban Development, more than 6,000 people are homeless in the city of Philadelphia, and 15,000 are homeless in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Ending homelessness requires a team effort on the city, State, and Federal level. I am committed to doing my part to ensure that people do not have to sleep on the streets and that their per-sonal, physical security, and mental health needs are addressed in a com-prehensive manner. I look forward to working with the people of SEPTA and Project HOME on the new Hub of Hope program. Hub of Hope is another tool in our toolbox to help move our middle neigh-borhoods forward. With tools like Hub of Hope in our toolbox, I know that, to-gether, we can continue to work to build a stronger Philadelphia, block by block. 
f 
MILK IS A CORNERSTONE OF STUDENTS’ SCHOOL LUNCH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about a cornerstone of a student school lunch: milk. Milk is the number one source of nine essential nutrients in the diet of many young Americans, and it pro-vides significant health benefits. But over the past few years, milk consump-tion has been on the decline in school lunch programs. That is why, together with Representative J
OECOURTNEY , I introduced the School Milk Nutrition Act of 2017. Our bill would ease unnecessary regu-lations preventing milk consumption 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.037 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8513 November 6, 2017 
in school lunch programs. The bipar-tisan bill recognizes the importance of milk to the health and well-being of school children. It also works to im-prove the variety and availability of milk offered in schools, which was sup-ported by U.S. Department of Agri-culture Secretary Sonny Purdue ear-lier this year. In May, Secretary Pur-due directed USDA to begin the process of allowing schools to serve 1 percent flavored milk through the school meals program. When schoolchildren don’t drink milk, they are missing out on essential nutrients. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill so another generation of children can fall in love with milk. 
f 
EXTEND TEMPORARY PROTECTIVE STATUS FOR HAITIANS AND CENTRAL AMERICANS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am joining the Congressional Black Caucus to ask for an extension of the temporary protective status for Hai-tians. I am absolutely appalled that this government would deny this extension and only allow it for 6 months. Appar-ently, they are not aware of the scar-city of food in Haiti and the cholera epidemic. All of these challenges are continuing since 2011. Along with the Haitians, I under-stand that they have now taken away TPS from 300,000 Hondurans, Nica-raguans, and Salvadorans as well. This is an outrageous act, and it is impor-tant for them to act immediately. I also stand against the scam tax plan. The scam tax plan would, in fact, take away opportunities for Americans to have higher education, build the def-icit way beyond one’s recognition, would not create jobs, would send jobs overseas, would allow for 80 percent of the benefits to go to the top 1 percent, and, frankly, would provide no benefits for middle class, hardworking Ameri-cans. This plan is not tax cuts and jobs; it is a tax scam with no jobs. I ask my colleagues to vote against this tax bill, and I ask this administra-tion to do what is right and provide hu-manitarian relief and extend the TPS for Haitians and all others similarly situated for 18 months. 
f 
RECONSTRUCTION OF THE SPILLWAY AT THE OROVILLE DAM (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, after the near disaster we had in Butte County, near Oroville, with the break-age of the spillway at Oroville Dam, I am very happy to congratulate the folks of Kiewit Construction, and so many others, on their reconstruction of the spillway, phase 1. We will have a working, viable spillway for this up-coming rainy season, if needed, due to the intense and incredible efforts to re-build that project. If you had seen the size of, basically, the canyon that was carved out where the old spillway stood from having to release water to keep the lake level, in February, at a safe level, you would see how amazing it was, the work that was done in order to rebuild that spillway in its current phase. It will be able to handle 100,000 CFS and be able to keep the lake stable for the upcoming year. However, we do need to have balance in the process and have that lake be able to store enough water for Califor-nia’s needs this coming year, because we will still have those needs in 2018, and not drain the lake all the way be-cause of an overcautious thought proc-ess. So congratulations on a viable lake that works for all. f 
b1930 TEMPORARY PROTECTIVE STATUS AND OTHER ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) is recog-nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include any ex-traneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from the Virgin Islands? There was no objection. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to anchor this CBC Special Order hour. The Congressional Black Caucus, under the leadership of the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICHMOND ), is com-mitted to sharing with this Congress, as well as with the American people, the issues of great importance to the Caucus, to Congress, and to the con-stituents we represent. For this Special Order hour, at this time, we believe it is very and vitally important to discuss the temporary protective status of Haiti and other countries. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague, the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE), to discuss this very important issue. Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues at the CBC for the oppor-tunity to speak at this Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, I trav-eled to Haiti to investigate sex traf-ficking, as part of my work on the Fi-nancial Services Committee’s Sub-committee on Terrorism and Illicit Fi-nance. While I was there, I had the op-portunity to observe conditions as well as meet with leadership and the Presi-dent. What I saw was a nation struggling to rebuild after the 2010 tragedy that hurt and rattled the nation with an earthquake, a cholera epidemic, and Hurricane Matthew. What I heard was the nation was not prepared for the tens of thousands of Haitians that were to return. Haitian TPS recipients contribute significantly to the United States’ economy and to the Haitian economy. As Haiti works not only to rebuild, but to rise itself out of poverty that has plagued it for years, I ask the White House to please take a moment to help our friends and allies in Haiti and to extend the temporary protective sta-tus. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman so very much for her moving words. I know that this is an issue that is very close to her heart, being of Haitian-American de-scent, and we are grateful for her lead-ership on this, being supportive of the letters to the President, letters to the Secretary of Homeland Security, and for her working in a bipartisan fashion to support the people of Haiti as well as other countries on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. RICHMOND ), the chair of the Congressional Black Cau-cus who is leading us in this discussion that is affecting the people of Haiti as well as other countries, along with the President’s tax plan and how it would affect those Americans who are the least of us and would have the most re-percussions for that. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) for lead-ing this Special Order and for the out-standing work that she has done as her island, the U.S. Virgin Islands, recov-ers from two devastating hurricanes. Being from New Orleans, I under-stand what two twin hurricanes can do. Hurricanes Katrina and Rita ravaged our city, our State, along with Mis-sissippi, Texas, and the Gulf Coast. To be very candid, the people of the Virgin Islands, unfortunately, are doing this too much on their own. Part of what makes America excep-tional, part of what makes us the greatest country in the world is that when we find our citizens in a vulner-able position, through no fault of their own, we come in as a government and we help. When you look at the Virgin Islands and the fact that the damage they have received is more than their capacity to rebuild, and it is through no fault of their own, it is Mother Na-ture. It is an act of God. Some would say it is global warming and climate change, but it doesn’t mat-ter what caused it. What matters is the United States’ response to how we fix it. So when we start talking about our response to the Virgin Islands, it is a great segue into Haiti and temporary protective status. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.039 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8514 November 6, 2017 
It was that 2010 earthquake that ren-dered Haiti in a position where they could no longer safely and adequately care for their citizens, and we allowed them to have temporary protective sta-tus in the United States. On May 24 of this year, the Department of Homeland Security redesignated Haiti for 6 months of temporary protective status rather than 18 months that the Govern-ment of Haiti, Haiti experts from the United States, the Congressional Black Caucus, and others requested. The fact is, the DHS designation didn’t reflect any of the reality on the ground. In fact, it ignored that there is great food scarcity, and it ignored the ongoing challenges posed by the un-precedented earthquake. We sent a letter November 3 asking once again to fully extend Haiti’s TPS designation for another 18 months. However, time and time again, unfortu-nately, it appears that this administra-tion, through all of the rhetoric, has an inability to do right when right is needed, especially when we talk about vulnerable populations, especially when we talk about immigrants. It is too easy for this administration to turn a blind eye and ignore real-life needs. Now, there are some out there who could argue: Is this America’s issue? I would argue that it is absolutely America’s issue. First of all, not extending the TPS will have drastic consequences for the United States’ economy. That is why the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, na-tional security experts, and the Catho-lic bishops have all come out in sup-port of extending this vital program, because they know that these nations are in no condition to receive the 300,000 people that will be returned to them. They understand the public health crisis and the destabilization of the new government. In El Salvador and Honduras, the return of 250,000 people would strain government services and lead to job displacement in countries besieged by violence, drug trafficking, and weak institutions. So let me just clear it up for a lot of Americans sitting at home and asking: Well, why does this affect us? Thirty percent of TPS recipients are homeowners in the United States. So just think about the consequences of simultaneously dumping 60,000 mort-gages on the U.S. housing market. Think about 13,000 mortgages in Texas, 5,000 mortgages in Florida, 4,100 in Vir-ginia. The mass deportation alone will cost the taxpayers of this country more than $3 billion. Oftentimes, we find ourselves in this place, in this body arguing about the fiscal argument of things and talking about how it would affect our econ-omy—which I just did—talking about how it would hurt the U.S. market in foreclosures and mortgages, and we give all of these examples of how this could bankrupt the United States. The bigger concern we have, and that this administration should have, is that this country is on the fast track to moral bankruptcy because we do not stand up when we are supposed to; we don’t call out wrong when we see it; and, too often, we turn our backs to in-justice. That is not what this country is about. That is not what made this country great. So with that, I would just say that it is time for this coun-try, this Congress, this administration, to do what is right simply because it is the right thing to do. It just so happens that the right thing to do this time has extreme eco-nomic benefits that go along with it. Tonight, you are going to hear from a number of our remarkable Congres-sional Black Caucus members who don’t just advocate for Black people. We advocate for people all across this country who are oftentimes voiceless, who can’t afford lobbyists, who don’t influence government, but people who just wake up every day, go to work, put food on their table, provide for their kids, and hope for a better future for their families. They hope that their parents can live out their lives with dignity and respect. They hope that their immediate family—that they can provide for their kids, and their kids can reach their wildest dreams. That is the American Dream. That is what we fight for. It is such a great privilege to be the chair of that Cau-cus. You will see in the next couple of seconds the talent and the passion of which this Caucus fights for, which is why I am so proud and humbled to lead this Caucus during this Congress. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his remarks. We are grateful and thankful and proud to have him as the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, particu-larly in the time period that were are in, because the energy and passion that he has for people of color and for all Americans is extremely evident. The fact that we are not having dis-cussions that are based on emotion, but really based on facts, digging more into policy and the actual effects that those policies have on Americans and throughout this country, is something that is what I think this Congress should be driven by, rather than emo-tion or visceral reactions to actions that people have that take our eyes off of the things that we should be focused on. We are grateful that he is contin-ually not moved by the shiny object that is in the room, but on the real bread-and-butter issues that affect Americans. When he talks about the talent of the members of the CBC, part of that talent is in its grounding, in those members of the Congressional Black Caucus that have been engaged in this battle, in this struggle, in this fight, that have had this passion for many years. I am happy to yield to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. L
EE), who has been at the forefront in fighting for people who have been underserved not only in this country, but around the world. It is through the work of this Member that individuals and countries in Africa have been able to receive the support from this country as this coun-try was trying to pull it away in other parts of the world. We are grateful for her doing it in her own backyard in California, but also in those inner cit-ies throughout this country and rural areas as she sits on the Appropriations Committee to support Americans throughout the country. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. LEE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and also for organizing us here tonight and every week on the issues that are so important to this country. Her lead-ership, specifically, for the Virgin Is-lands, is truly commendable, and just know that we are doing everything we can do under her leadership to help her recover and rebuild. Mr. Speaker, I just have to say to our chair of the Congressional Black Cau-cus, Congressman R
ICHMOND , I have to thank him for his bold and his vision-ary leadership of the CBC. First, let me just take a moment to offer my deepest condolences to the family, friends, and community of those who lost loved ones in the sense-less act of gun violence in Texas, my home State. We mourn their loss, we pray for the recovery of those injured, and we say once again that this House needs action on gun safety measures to save lives. Our thoughts and prayers are with them tonight. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the ur-gent need to preserve temporary pro-tective status for immigrants fleeing famine, war, and violent conditions around the world, especially those countries from within the African dias-pora who account for 10 percent of all TPS beneficiaries. Today, 440,000 individuals from 10 countries reside in the United States under temporary protective status be-cause, as a nation, we have kept our commitment to being a beacon of hope and security for those in need. The TPS program grants immigrants the right to lawfully remain in the United States for 6 to 18 months. This longstanding practice has been honored for decades through Democratic and Republican administrations because, regardless of political affiliations as Americans, we have always stood for protecting the value of human life. Sadly, the Trump administration fails to grasp the lifesaving impact of this program. b1945 Just last month, the administration announced that it would terminate the TPS designation for Sudan, despite the ongoing humanitarian crisis in the re-gion. In the coming days and weeks, Mr. Speaker, the Trump administration, unfortunately, will decide the fate of TPS holders from vulnerable countries including Honduras, Nicaragua, El Sal-vador, and Haiti. Let me be clear: fail-ure to renew TPS status would mean 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.040 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8515 November 6, 2017 
deportation for over 300,000 individuals who are working and living in the United States. We also know that this issue dis-proportionately impacts immigrants from countries within the African dias-pora. Take Haiti for example. After a devastating earthquake and horrific hurricane, there is an active cholera outbreak and protracted food security crisis. Letting TPS expire for this country would send 50,000 people back to uncertain fates. An influx of people of this size would further destabilize a fragile recovery. That is why I joined my colleagues in sending a letter to the Department of Homeland Security calling for a full 18-month extension of Haiti’s TPS designation. In El Salvador and Honduras, the re-turn of over 250,000 people would strain government services and lead to job displacement in countries besieged by violence, narcotics trafficking, and weak institutions. Unfortunately, this week, Secretary Tillerson falsely claimed that condi-tions on the ground no longer warrant TPS designation for these countries. How he came up with that, I have no idea. This is really a shame and a dis-grace. That is why members of the Congressional Black Caucus are here tonight fighting for temporary pro-tected status because we cannot turn our backs on our brothers and sisters in their time of need. TPS holders have families, they own businesses, and they contribute to this country in countless ways. At a time when devastating hurri-canes and flooding ravages our neigh-bors in the Caribbean, the last thing that our government should be doing is turning its back on TPS holders. It is not only TPS holders that we are fight-ing for. We are also now recognizing, understanding, knowing, and making public—as everyone knows—that mil-lions of undocumented youth are living in fear of deportation because this President and Republicans in Congress can’t muster the courage to do what is right. Our Nation has been and should con-tinue to be a nation of immigrants. From TPS to DACA, deporting inno-cent young people who came to the United States to escape devastation and violence, or as a child, is not only wrong, it is really cruel, and it is heartless. So that is why we will con-tinue to fight to protect undocumented youth as we work towards comprehen-sive immigration reform once and for all. Now we are going to say we are going to continue to fight to make sure tem-porary protective status is granted for the 300,000 immigrants. I want to thank Delegate P
LASKETT for helping us to, once again, raise our voices, educate the public, and stay woke. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, as we give condolences to those individuals in Texas, of course, we would be remiss not to give condolences out to our col-league and one of the former chairs of the Congressional Black Caucus, EDDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON , who has lost one of her siblings. We just want her to know that our prayers are with her and with her family as they grieve, and we are there for the gentlewoman throughout this mourning process and however she may need us. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. C
LARKE ). The gentlewoman is my dear sister. She is a tireless champion of the issues of Caribbean people throughout the United States and throughout the world. Congresswoman Y
VETTE CLARKE  is not just from New York, but, in par-ticular, Brooklyn. She knows how that is very dear to me having been a child of Brooklyn myself. Congresswoman C
LARKE ’s work and all the efforts she has made in being one of the co-chairs of the Caribbean Caucus, being the member at large of the Congressional Black Caucus, the work that the gentlewoman is doing, and she has really forged a partnership with the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus as well as M
IALOVEto make sure that the issue regarding Haiti, regarding the Haitians, and the temporary protected status are here. It is because of the gentlewoman’s work that we are now having the Special Order hour and are continuing to push the pressure. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman to discuss with us, with the American people, with this Congress, and with the Speaker how we should be moving forward with the issues regard-ing the people of Haiti and how extend-ing the temporary protected status is not only good for the Haitian economy, it is good for America as well. I thank the gentlewoman for leading us in this effort. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the U.S. Virgin Islands for her leadership on this matter, serving as co-chair for the Caribbean Caucus, and being an outspoken advocate and fight-er on behalf of the people of the U.S. Virgin Islands who are still reeling from the two hurricanes that wreaked havoc on the three islands of the U.S. Virgin Islands. I want to thank the gentlewoman for organizing us this evening and really moderating what we all have to say here today. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my concern for the more than 300,000 temporary protected status bene-ficiaries who are under attack from this administration. Temporary protected status was signed into law with bipartisan support by President George H. W. Bush as part of the Immigration Act of 1990. Since then, it has been used in roughly equal numbers by Democratic and Repub-lican Presidents alike. This program is based on a simple idea that we can all agree upon: the idea that it is immoral to send someone back to a country suf-fering from famine, disease, war, or governmental collapse where they could reasonably expect to perish. Today, instead, we, as a society, de-cided long ago as a humanitarian ges-ture to extend ourselves as a safe haven and to temporarily allow such people the ability to lawfully remain in the United States for up to 18 months at a time and seek gainful employment as conditions in their home countries would improve. This is not citizenship, and this is not amnesty. Rather, it is a way of pro-tecting human life while allowing eligi-ble individuals from Haiti, Yemen, Honduras, Nicaragua, and numerous other countries across the world to earn wages for themselves and their loved ones abroad. Unfortunately, this administration’s antipathy toward im-migrants—particularly immigrants of color—has found its way to some of the most vulnerable amongst us and threatens the existence of this com-monsense program rooted in human de-cency and respect for life. This program of agreement is now being totally undermined with real lives hanging in the balance. For exam-ple, while it would seem obvious to ex-tend Haiti’s temporary protected sta-tus in light of the catastrophic 2010 earthquake, subsequent cholera epi-demic, food insecurity crisis, and the damage inflicted by Hurricanes Mat-thew, Irma, and Maria, this adminis-tration only extended Haiti’s status for 6 months in the month of May, while, at the same time, the administration insinuated that Haitian TPS recipients were criminals. The administration now appears ready to ignore the advice of Haiti ex-perts in the United States and the re-quest of the Haitian Ambassador by forcing some 50,000 Haitians to subject themselves to life-threatening condi-tions in Haiti. This would not just be tragic for those forced to return, it would also be detrimental to Haiti’s economy which benefits significantly from the hard-earned remittances that Haitian TPS beneficiaries send back to their loved ones. It is also no way to treat a neighbor that is located less than a 2-hour flight away from Amer-ican soil, the most impoverished nation of the Western Hemisphere. Indeed, such a decision would be cruel and un-usual punishment. For this reason, I have worked with Congressman C
EDRIC RICHMOND , chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, and my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus in sending a letter to Acting DHS Secretary Elaine Duke, signed by the entire Congressional Black Caucus, requesting a full 18- month extension of Haiti’s TPS status. I also asked that Acting Secretary Duke take the Haitian Ambassador up on his invitation to visit Haiti and to see the conditions for herself. However, Haiti is not the only coun-try that clearly merits an extension. Nearly 60,000 Hondurans and Nica-raguans currently await news of their fate, as will thousands of other immi-grants from Africa, Asia, and the Mid-dle East. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.043 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8516 November 6, 2017 
While I hope that Acting Secretary Duke will do the right thing and make an evidence-based decision in light of the human cost to her actions, our ex-perience teaches us that we must also prepare for the worst. Where this administration refuses to respect decades of bipartisan agree-ment, Congress must assert its con-stitutional powers and act to safeguard human life and American interests. I, therefore, call upon my congressional colleagues to come together and pass bipartisan legislation that will protect the hundreds of thousands of TPS bene-ficiaries from around the world—Black, brown, Asian and other—who are, at this moment, relying upon us for their very lives. Although we live in times of great di-vision, now is the moment to come to-gether and recommit to the basic val-ues that unite us all. This country was founded upon the idea of human dig-nity, and TPS is yet another test of whether we will be true to that idea or fall painfully short. We must not fall short, but instead we must rise to the occasion. Mr. Speaker, TPS is something that falls within our purview to address. It is my sincere hope that we will address this impending crisis. When I think about Haitians who are living here, many who, at this stage, had children born in the United States, and many who are here during the most productive time of their lives when they can work because of their strength, their ability, and their intel-lect, it would be a travesty to begin separating families and to wrench from these individuals the opportunity to add value to our civil society while un-dergirding the nation of their birth, the nation that many hope to return to at the appropriate time by summarily excusing them from our civil society. Having said that, I, too, stand with my colleagues to extend on behalf of Chairman R
ICHMOND , the executive of-ficers, and members of the CBC a heartfelt condolence in this season of bereavement to our dear colleague, Congresswoman E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON, on the loss of her sister. She re-mains in our prayers at this time. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from the U.S. Virgin Islands, once again, for her leadership. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman very much for the insight she has given us into the conditions not only in Haiti but the re-sponsibility we have as Americans to our near neighbor, to a neighbor which supported us during our own Revolu-tion, and who was there for us at the inception of the United States. Haiti has been ravaged by so many natural disasters, and the benefit that we are receiving and the benefit that so much of Haiti is receiving from those individuals who are really industrious people here in the United States is just bar none. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Newark, New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ). Mr. DONALD PAYNE has worked tire-lessly on behalf of so many people throughout the world as he sits on the Committees of Homeland Security as well as Transportation and Infrastruc-ture where he works on issues related to developing and building. It has over-sight in homeland security and over the issues that affect us. I am sure Congressman P
AYNE has particular insight into how this tem-porary protected status would affect the people of Haiti and what it means to the security of this country to allow that temporary protected status to be continued from the gentleman’s perch on the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. b2000 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands for her leadership on these issues. Right now, her focus has been on helping her country come to grips with the devastating hurricanes that have struck all the islands of the American Virgin Islands, and she has demonstrated great leadership in that endeavor. Also, on the whole issue around TPS, Ms. P
LASKETT and Ms. C LARKE have been our true leaders in the diaspora around these issues, whether it be the Caribbean or back to the Continent of Africa. I just want to acknowledge their great work on all of these issues and also thank the gentlewoman for hosting tonight’s Special Order hour on protecting TPS recipients. Before I start on the topic at hand, I would like to send my condolences out to the loved ones of the 26 people trag-ically murdered and the 21 people in-jured in yesterday’s mass shooting in Texas. When will we realize that something must be done in this country? I have to ask: How much blood must be shed before Congress acts on gun control? It has been 10 years since Congress has passed a gun control law. Since then, more than 300,000 people have been killed by guns in this country. More than 100,000 of those deaths were homicides. The American people de-serve better—much better. As the news cycle moves from one tragedy to another, we have not forgot-ten, and must not forget, that the citi-zens that Congresswoman S
TACEY  P
LASKETT and Congresswoman J
ENNIFFER GONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico represent are still recovering from this summer’s hurricanes. They, too, deserve swift action to help them recover from these devastating storms. That, Mr. Speaker, brings me to the topic of tonight’s Special Order hour. I want to start by dispelling the myth that the temporary protected status designation poses a threat to America’s security. The truth is that TPS holders are rigorously vetted before entering the country, and they go through strin-gent background checks before each TPS renewal. Mr. Speaker, the TPS designation is a part of our national character, and it must be protected. What do I mean by that? We are a compassionate people, aren’t we—a compassionate nation? The Americans I know are proud to live in a country that is free and pros-perous enough to extend a helping hand to those in need. The TPS designation does just that. TPS is a helping hand that reaches out past our national borders to lift people out of the depths of despair brought on by natural disaster, vio-lence, or turmoil. Yet the administra-tion is reportedly planning to remove the TPS designation for nationals of several Latin American and Caribbean countries. This is really bad news for the United States. First, ending the TPS designation for nationals of Haiti, El Salvador, and Honduras will destabilize communities in the United States proper. TPS hold-ers own small businesses. They pay taxes. They take out mortgages. They fill jobs that we rely on every day in construction; hospitality; restaurants; landscaping; and elder care, in par-ticular. Ending TPS designations mean rip-ping people out of their communities and local economies. Businesses will shutter. Essential jobs, like disaster cleanup, will go unfilled. The national economy will suffer a $164 billion loss in gross domestic product. Without TPS holders from Haiti, El Salvador, and Honduras, New Jersey will lose $864 million from its GDP. My State cannot handle that burden. Second, ending TPS designations for Haiti, El Salvador, and Honduras will tear apart families of color. Many TPS holders have lawfully lived in the United States for more than a decade. They have established their families here. They are parents to 270,000 U.S. citizens. In New Jersey, 8,800 U.S. citi-zens were born to TPS holders from Haiti, El Salvador, and Honduras. Forcing TPS holders to leave the country means forcing them to leave their families. Hundreds of thousands of U.S. citizens will have to say good- bye to their parents and grandparents. People will be forced to return to coun-tries that are still suffering from the problems that led them to the TPS des-ignation in the first place. Third, removing the TPS designation for nationals from Haiti, El Salvador, and Honduras will threaten security throughout Latin America and the Car-ibbean. These small countries are still suffering from disasters, public health crises, and political instability. The sudden influx of 300,000 addi-tional people has the potential to de-stabilize national governments and threaten security throughout the re-gion. Mr. Speaker, in 2015, 2016, and 2017, I led the effort to get the TPS designa-tion for Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone. These countries were reeling from public health and infrastructure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.044 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8517 November 6, 2017 
emergencies. They faced an existential threat from the Ebola virus, and the American people lent a helping hand by giving them temporary protected sta-tus. I have had no doubt that author-izing nationals from those West Afri-can countries to enter the United States saved lives; no doubt whatso-ever. Mr. Speaker, we must not abandon our national character to the cynical call of ‘‘America first.’’ The TPS des-ignation does not weaken us. It strengthens us by showing the world that the United States is morally wor-thy of its status as a superpower. Rolling back the TPS program is bad policy, it is bad politics, and it is im-moral. If the United States turns its back on those in need, what have we the people become? Ms. PLASKETT. I thank the gen-tleman for the information that he has shared with us, and, more particularly, for causing us to reflect on who we are as Americans and what we stand for, and for reminding this Congress and this House how we have a responsi-bility to those in need, and that with greatness comes responsibility. Too whom much is given, much is required. That requirement goes particularly to our neighbors. We know that Haiti is, in fact, our neighbor. We have a re-sponsibility to be there for them. I thank the gentleman for all that he is doing and how often he is here for the Congressional Black Caucus Spe-cial Order hour to give us information and give us time to reflect. I am ex-tremely appreciative of that. I thank the gentleman so much for all that he does for the Congressional Black Cau-cus, for his steady reliability in being there to support the issues that are im-portant to the Caucus and to all of us as Americans. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida). The gen-tlewoman has 20 minutes remaining. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ). She may be new to this Con-gress—this is her first term, as a fresh-man—but she is not new to supporting issues that are important to the Amer-ican people. In her time in Florida, having served as a public servant on the front lines for all of us and now here in the Congress, she is continuing that work. From her position on Homeland Se-curity and particularly to border and maritime security, this is an issue that she has great insight into. I know that she has a large number of Haitians in her own community and recognize the productivity that they provide, the sta-bility that they provide in the commu-nity, how embedded they are in that community. We are grateful for the gentlewoman being here in part of this Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour on the issue of temporary protected status for all countries—there are 30 countries and 300,000 individuals that have that— but, in particular, to the 50,000 Hai-tians who are living in this country during this time. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the Virgin Islands for her leadership on this issue and for making it a priority and giving it the urgency that those under TPS status deserve. Mr. Speaker, first of all, of course, I want to extend my condolences to the families whose loved ones were mur-dered in Sutherland Springs, Texas, while attending worship service. I also extend my condolences to my colleague from Texas, EDDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON , who is mourning the death of her sister. Mr. Speaker, after college—it was a lot of years ago, but I remember it like it was yesterday—I worked as a social worker, working with families in need of emergency services, in need of shel-ter, in need of food, and in need of med-ical care. I also worked with foster care children. Mr. Speaker, you may know that I also spent over 20 years as a law en-forcement officer. As such, the preser-vation of human life was my number one priority. Saving lives was first. But then we also wanted to improve the quality of life for persons living and working in our community. Mr. Speaker, the quality of life mat-ters also. That is what we are here to talk about tonight as Members of Con-gress: improving the quality of life for families who desperately need our help. Approximately 50,000 Haitians hold TPS status, and 32,500 of them live in Florida. 18,800 U.S.-born children in Florida have Haitian parents who are TPS holders. How did we get here, Mr. Speaker? As you know, an earthquake—not planned, not expected—left thousands dead and resulted in the total collapse of Port-au-Prince’s infrastructure. A few years before the earthquake, I par-ticipated in a mission trip to Port-au- Prince, Haiti. We worked with children and families from a local church in Port-au-Prince, Haiti. That church was totally destroyed by the earthquake. The earthquake displaced 1.5 million Haitians within their own country, de-stroyed more than 100,000 homes, and damaged nearly 200,000 more. The num-ber of schools that were destroyed in Port-au-Prince alone is unbelievable. Over 55,000 Haitians who lost their homes in the earthquake are still liv-ing in 31 camps for internally displaced persons, unable to leave. We are here tonight to talk about im-proving the quality of life for persons, for families, who desperately need our help. b2015 This crisis is not over. In April of this year, heavy rains caused flooding and landslides. According to the Hai-tian officials, an estimated 80 percent of spring harvest may have been de-stroyed. This crisis is not over. Since Sep-tember of 2016, damage from Hurricane Matthew and recent rains have com-pounded food insecurity experienced by an estimated 3.2 million people in Haiti, not to mention the devastation caused by Irma and Hurricane Maria. Hurricane Matthew also exacerbated the food insecurity crisis that already existed, placing 2.4 million Haitians, 32 percent of the population, in the grips of an acute food insecurity crisis. Mr. Speaker, forcing the return of 50,000 people to Haiti would disrupt any meaningful effort to recover. As you know, in May, the Department of Homeland Security redesignated Haiti for 6 months of temporary protective status rather than the full 18 months requested by the Government of Haiti. DHS’ decision, obviously, did not re-flect the reality on the ground. Regardless of how you might feel about the policy, TPS holders are per-haps the most vetted, legally present, and work-authorized community in our country. They have submitted to nu-merous criminal background checks every 18 months. Americans with tem-porary protective status are hard-working individuals who are contrib-uting to our economy, our commu-nities, and our industries. Just check the numbers. Mr. Speaker, the only strategic and humane decision is to fully extend Hai-ti’s TPS designation for 18 months by the November 23 deadline. Working to improve the quality of life for families who desperately need our help, that is the promise of America, and I pray that America keeps its promise. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. D
EMINGS so much for that heartfelt appeal to the better senses of us, to the better angels within us as Americans, but, also, just speaking practicably about what this policy does not only for Haiti, but for us as Ameri-cans. You know, you hear stories about most people, how this affects them. We hear the larger numbers: 50,000 individ-uals from Haiti, 300,000 individual groupings from all other countries. We found out, a report just came out, that Nicaragua will only have 12 additional months for temporary protective sta-tus, while the conditions in Nicaragua have not changed. I heard a story about a woman, Joana Desir, one of the Haitians. On a recent day in Manhattan, the 32-year-old home healthcare provider races in be-tween patients. By midday, she has al-ready helped transport one of her reg-ular patients, a young girl with severe respiratory disease, to school and vis-ited two senior patients in their home. It is a hard job, but she says it is re-warding. ‘‘Most of the immigrants that I know, they have a busy life like me,’’ she says. ‘‘I leave home like 5:45 a.m. and sometimes get home by like 9 p.m.’’ Joana came to the U.S. in 2018 and was still in the U.S. when a powerful 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.045 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8518 November 6, 2017 
earthquake struck Haiti in 2010. Hun-dreds of thousands were killed, and the Obama administration granted Hai-tians temporary protective status. They were shielded from deportation and given work permits. Critics say the temporary program for Haiti and others where disasters and wars took place decades ago has become permanent and amounts to a backdoor immigration policy. How-ever, what we need to understand is what is still going on in Haiti right now. Why this also makes sense for us is that it is estimated by the think tank Inter-American Dialogue that all Hai-tians abroad this year—this year alone, Mr. Speaker—will send home $2 billion in remittances to that country. That is nearly equal to Haiti’s annual oper-ating budget, that $2 billion. The money that the Haitians that are liv-ing in the United States and sending back home is keeping that economy afloat. Without the money that the Haitians in the United States, in Amer-ica, are providing, there would be a complete collapse in the country of Haiti, which would then create addi-tional cataclysmic work that we, as Americans, would need. We talk about immigrants trying to come into this country. We talk about the collapse of infrastructure, the col-lapse of an economy that will happen if the Haitians who are still living here in the United States under temporary protective status with jobs are caused to leave. On May 24, the Department of Home-land Security redesignated Haiti for 6 months of temporary protective status rather than the full 18 months. It is im-portant to understand that, because of that smaller amount of time, Haitians still have to apply. It costs almost $2,000 to apply for an extension of a visa. These people are in flux as to whether or not they should continue to apply. In a letter sent on Friday, November 3, the Congressional Black Caucus urged the Department of Homeland Se-curity once again to fully extend Hai-ti’s TPS designation for 18 months by the November 23 deadline in light of the aforementioned conditions in Haiti, as well as the damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria, which has exacerbated these conditions. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  that letter from the Congressional Black Caucus for others to see. 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS , November 3, 2017. Hon. E
LAINE C. D UKE, Secretary, U.S. Department of Homeland Secu-rity, Washington, DC. D
EARACTING SECRETARY DUKE: On May 24, the Department of Homeland Security re- designated Haiti for 6 months of Temporary Protected Status, rather than the full 18 months requested by the Government of Haiti, Haiti experts in the United States, the Congressional Black Caucus, and others. This decision was against the weight of the facts on the ground, which included Haiti’s food scarcity crisis, cholera epidemic, and the ongoing challenges posed by the unprece-dented 2010 earthquake. We write again to encourage DHS to fully extend Haiti’s TPS designation for 18 months by the November 23 deadline in light of the clear conditions that justify such continued treatment, in-cluding the damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria, which has exacerbated these conditions. As recently as October 4, 2017, the Haitian Ambassador to the United States wrote to you to formally request a full 18-month re- designation in light of the ongoing economic and humanitarian conditions that Haiti’s citizens face each day. In that letter, the Ambassador explicitly stated that the goal of this request was to allow Haiti to recover from the effects of the earthquake, cholera epidemic, and Hurricanes Matthew, Irma, and Maria so as to continue with Haiti’s re-covery efforts and to become more inde-pendent of American assistance in the long term. The Ambassador also graciously in-vited you to visit Haiti and see such condi-tions for yourself. A government does not undertake such action lightly and this re-quest should merit considerable weight. A recent independent statutory analysis of Haiti’s qualification for TPS confirmed the validity of the government’s concerns, find-ing that the conditions that justified Haiti’s 2011 re-designation remain. The analysis found that nearly 40,000 Haitians uprooted by the 2010 earthquake are officially displaced and that many more likely remain unoffi-cially displaced in dangerously inadequate shelters. The cholera epidemic that was trag-ically caused by international efforts to aid Haiti in 2010 more than doubled following Hurricane Matthew and is expected to di-rectly affect more than 30,000 people by the end of 2017. Hurricane Matthew also exacer-bated the food insecurity crisis in Haiti, placing 2.4 million Haitians—22 percent of its population—in the grips of an acute food in-security crisis. Based on these clear facts, the analysis rightfully concluded that it is in the best interest of Haiti and the United States to re-designate Haiti for another 18 months of TPS because it continues to face extraordinary and temporary conditions stemming from the 2010 earthquake and worsened by subsequent events that justify such relief. Despite these serious challenges, the Hai-tian government has been working diligently for years to improve its economy, public health conditions, and infrastructure in co-ordination with the United States govern-ment and international community. In order to accomplish this task, Haiti relies in large part on remittances that its citizens receive from TPS beneficiaries in the United States. Therefore, the negative consequences of ter-minating Haiti’s TPS designation would be twofold. It would end essential remittances that significantly contribute to Haiti’s re-covery while also forcing the poorest repub-lic in the Western Hemisphere to absorb the cost of reintegrating thousands of citizens all at once. Such actions could be cata-strophic to Haiti’s recovery efforts and run counter to Congressional efforts to improve American relations in the region through the recently-passed United States-Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act (Public Law 114– 291). Finally, it is essential to note that Haitian TPS beneficiaries directly contribute to the United States. They pay taxes, spend money, contribute to Social Security and Medicare, and help promote American prosperity in nu-merous sectors, such as the restaurant and food service, construction, and hospitality industries. About 30 percent of TPS bene-ficiaries are homeowners, stimulating the real estate industry and contributing to the local property tax base. Also, one in nine TPS beneficiaries in the labor force is self- employed, meaning they not only create jobs for themselves, but likely create jobs for others. A recent report found ‘‘that the expi-ration of Haitian TPS would cost America $2.8 billion over a decade in lost gross domes-tic product. For these reasons, we urge you in the strongest terms to take advantage of the full amount of time granted by Congress to study the conditions on the ground and reach the only appropriate decision—a full 18-month re-designation of Haiti’s TPS designation. Sincerely, Cedric L. Richmond, Chair, Congres-sional Black Caucus; Yvette D. Clarke, Chair, CBC Immigration Working Group; Cory Booker, U.S. Senator; Kamala D. Harris, U.S. Senator; John Conyers, Jr., Member of Congress; John Lewis, Member of Congress; Eleanor Holmes Norton, Member of Congress; Maxine Waters, Member of Congress; Sanford D. Bishop, Jr., Member of Con-gress; James E. Clyburn, Member of Congress; Alcee L. Hastings, Member of Congress; Eddie Bernice Johnson, Member of Congress; Bobby L. Rush, Member of Congress; Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott, Member of Congress; Bennie G. Thompson, Member of Con-gress; Sheila Jackson Lee, Member of Congress; Elijah E. Cummings, Member of Congress. Danny K. Davis, Member of Congress; Gregory W. Meeks, Member of Con-gress; Barbara Lee, Member of Con-gress; Wm. Lacy Clay, Jr., Member of Congress; David Scott, Member of Con-gress; G.K. Butterfield, Member of Con-gress; Emanuel Cleaver II, Member of Congress; Al Green, Member of Con-gress; Gwen S. Moore, Member of Con-gress; Keith Ellison, Member of Con-gress; Hank Johnson, Member of Con-gress; Andre Carson, Member of Con-gress; Marcia L. Fudge, Member of Congress; Karen Bass, Member of Con-gress; Terri A. Sewell, Member of Con-gress; Frederica Wilson, Member of Congress; Donald M. Payne, Jr., Mem-ber of Congress. Joyce Beatty, Member of Congress; Hakeem Jeffries, Member of Congress; Marc Veasey, Member of Congress; Robin Kelly, Member of Congress; Alma Adams, Member of Congress; Brenda Lawrence, Member of Congress; Mia Love, Member of Congress; Stacey Plaskett, Member of Congress; Bonnie Watson Coleman, Member of Congress; Dwight Evans, Member of Congress; Lisa Blunt Rochester, Member of Con-gress; Anthony Brown, Member of Con-gress; Val Butler Demings, Member of Congress; Al Lawson, Member of Con-gress; A. Donald McEachin, Member of Congress. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, in that letter, which is signed by all of the members of the Congressional Black Caucus, who are members in both the Democratic as well as Republican cau-cus, Members in the House as well as the Senate, we urge Secretary Duke that the Ambassador to Haiti has ex-plicitly stated that the goal of the re-quest was to allow Haiti to recover from the effects of the earthquake, a cholera epidemic, and Hurricanes Mat-thew, Irma, and Maria. Matthew struck Haiti in 2016 of last year. Of course you are aware of Irma and Maria. We Americans, unbe-knownst to ourselves and the work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.047 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8519 November 6, 2017 
that we have done, also exacerbated food insecurity in Haiti by placing in-dividuals, causing the cholera epidemic that is there. Unbeknownst to our-selves, when we came there to give sup-port to Haiti, we Americans brought the cholera epidemic that is now rav-aging Haiti and has taken about 10,000 people. Additionally, Hurricane Matthew ex-acerbated the food insecurity crisis in Haiti, placing 2.4 million Haitians, 22 percent of the population, in the grips of an acute food security crisis. I have many Haitians who are in my community in the U.S. Virgin Islands, and we count them as some of our hardest workers, and we recognize the impact that sending so many of these people back would have not only on the loss of jobs here and the work that those individuals are doing in the United States, but on the economy of Haiti itself. There is no infrastructure that will support the 50,000 people going back to Haiti at this time, and that economy will probably completely collapse with-out the remittances that the Haitians who are living in the United States would be able to bring to that country. Therefore, the negative consequences of terminating Haiti’s TPS designation would be twofold: such actions would be catastrophic to Haiti’s recovery ef-forts and run counter to congressional efforts to improve American relations in the region through the recently passed United States-Caribbean Stra-tegic Engagement Act, Public Law 114– 291. So the 300,000 Honduran, Nicaraguan, Haitian, and Salvadoran immigrants await a mass deportation decision on temporary protective status, and we are requesting—we are urging, Mr. Speaker—that this Congress would continue to urge the Department of Homeland Security, and use our own powers, to ensure the safety of those individuals, ensure the safety of the stability of the economies of our near neighbors, of Honduras, Nicaragua, Haiti, and El Salvador, and urge the U.S. Department of Homeland Security for their protections not to expire and not to put these people into difficult choices of returning to countries that still face many of the same extraor-dinary conditions that led to the ini-tial grant of TPS or remaining in the United States without lawful immi-grant status. We believe that this is the right thing to do, that this Congress wants to do the right thing, that the Trump administration’s 2018 proposed budget cut, budget request to Congress, for ex-ample, proposes to reduce foreign aid to Latin America and the Caribbean to levels not seen since 2001. Because of that, the remittances of these individ-uals is even more important. Remit-tances from the United States to El Salvador equal $4 billion; Honduras, $3.3 billion; to Haiti, almost $2 billion. Using GDP estimates from the World Bank, remittances make up more than 15 percent of the GDP for El Salvador, Honduras, and Haiti. Therefore, if we are going to reduce the budget in terms of foreign aid to these countries, it is important that we do not allow the collapse of these coun-tries. It will not only bring economic collapse, but we know it is very likely to bring political anarchy and political disruption, as well, to countries that are instable as they are, countries where we are looking to bring stable democratic governments. Ensuring that individuals are allowed to stay here in this country and provide those remittances, provide the support that is necessary to grow those economies, embed democratic ideals, will be most beneficial to us and to ensure the sta-bility of the Western Hemisphere at this time. Mr. Speaker, this is an imperative that is important to this country, im-perative to the United States, and we are grateful that we have had this time to share this information with you, with the American people, with this Congress. We are urging our colleagues, urging Members of this Congress, to work with members of the Congres-sional Black Caucus, individuals you have heard tonight, M
IALOVE, CEDRIC  R
ICHMOND , Y VETTE CLARKE , D ONALD  P
AYNE , VALDEMINGS , BARBARA LEE, all the members of the Congressional Black Caucus and others who urge that this support be enacted not only by the Department of Homeland Security, but by this Congress. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the House Committees on the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committee, I rise today to express my strong objection to the announced intention by the Trump Admin-istration not to extend Temporary Protected Status (TPS) for Haiti, Honduras, and El Sal-vador. On May 24, 2017, the Department of Home-land Security (DHS) re-designated Haiti for 6 months of Temporary Protected Status (TPS), rather than the full 18 months requested by the Government of Haiti, Haiti experts in the United States, and the Congressional Black Caucus, among others. DHS’ decision did not reflect the realities on the ground in Haiti, which include Haiti’s food scarcity crisis, cholera epidemic, and the on-going challenges posed by the unprecedented 2010 earthquake. In a letter sent this past Friday, November 3, 2017, the Congressional Black Caucus urged DHS, once again, to fully extend Haiti’s TPS designation for 18 months by the Novem-ber 23, 2017 deadline in light of the aforemen-tioned conditions in Haiti, as well as the exarcerbated damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria. In a report published in October 2017, the highly regarded Global Justice Clinic con-cluded that conditions justifying Haiti’s quali-fication for TPS in 2011 remain as acute today as they were then. The study also found that 40,000 Haitians uprooted by the 2010 earthquake are officially displaced and that many more likely remain unofficially displaced in dangerously inad-equate shelters. The cholera epidemic that was tragically caused by international efforts to aid Haiti in 2010 more than doubled following Hurricane Matthew and is expected to directly affect more than 30,000 people by the end of 2017. Hurricane Matthew also exacerbated the food insecurity crisis in Haiti, placing 2.4 mil-lion Haitians—22 percent of its population—in the grips of an acute food insecurity crisis. The Haitian government has been working diligently for years to improve its economy, public health conditions, and infrastructure in coordination with the United States govern-ment and international community. In order to accomplish this task, Haiti relies in large part on remittances that its citizens re-ceive from TPS beneficiaries in the United States. Therefore, the negative consequences of terminating Haiti’s TPS designation would be twofold. It would end essential remittances that sig-nificantly contribute to Haiti’s recovery while also forcing the poorest republic in the West-ern Hemisphere to absorb the cost of reinte-grating thousands of citizens all at once. Such actions could be catastrophic to Haiti’s recovery efforts and run counter to Congres-sional efforts to improve American relations in the region through the recently-passed United States-Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act (Public Law 114–291). Finally, it is essential to note that Haitian TPS beneficiaries directly contribute to the United States. They pay taxes, spend money, contribute to Social Security and Medicare, and help pro-mote American prosperity in numerous sec-tors, such as the restaurant and food service, construction, and hospitality industries. About 30 percent of TPS beneficiaries are homeowners, stimulating the real estate indus-try and contributing to the local property tax base. Also, one in nine TPS beneficiaries in the labor force is self-employed, meaning they not only create jobs for themselves, but also cre-ate jobs for others. A recent report found that the expiration of Haitian TPS would cost the United States economy more $2.8 billion over a decade in lost gross domestic product. Mr. Speaker, we need to be both smart and compassionate when it comes to extending TPS for Haiti. The compassionate thing to do is extend TPS for Haiti. But just as important, extending TPS for Haiti is the smart thing to do because it strengthens the American economy and ad-vances the national interests of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I also join my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus in drawing attention to the Republican Leadership’s latest plan to hurt the American taxpayers, espe-cially those who did not support the President during the election. The Republican tax cut would result in the biggest increase in the deficit by any President in the history of the United States, likely grow-ing it by the annual sum of $1 trillion from now on. Some may wonder if the President would stoop to punishing people because they did not vote for him—I would point them to the Republican Tax Proposal and say the answer is found in the 429 pages of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06NO7.048 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8520 November 6, 2017 
Americans who send their children to private school will be able to do so—at the expense of taxpayers who send their children to public schools courtesy of the Republican tax cut plan. The Republican Tax plan amends Title 26 of the United States Code § 529 that deals with Qualified tuition programs. The Code was intended to encourage per-sons to attain higher education and provide in-centives for persons who pursue doctorates. Most people know that going back to school to obtain a degree is a difficult choice to make with full time jobs and family obligations. Having a degree can substantially increase income and provide choices that would other-wise be unattainable to the recipient of ad-vanced degrees. The benefit to the economy and our nation’s leadership in the sciences rests with the num-ber of people who attain undergraduate and graduate degrees. The Republicans have gone into this section 529 of the tax code and extended the tax write-offs to those sending their children to K– 12 private schools. Other ways the Republican Tax bill hurts taxpayers who pursue college educations for themselves or their children. Repeal of Lifetime Learning Credit; Repeal of the Student Loan Interest Deduc-tion; Repeal of the qualified tuition reduction; Repeal of educational assistance program; Termination of private activity bonds; and, Creation of a new excise tax on endow-ments at private colleges and universities. The Republican leadership of the House is also causing problems for private sector in-vestments in Colleges and Universities. The tax bill threatens tax write offs for dona-tions to colleges and universities and will limit tax credits associated with university-industry partnerships. The Republicans claim that their Child Tax Credit proposal would help working families, but it simply does not do enough. The House tax plan proposes a nonrefund-able $600 increase in the Child Tax Credit (CTC), and would make more families earning six figures eligible to claim the CTC. This proposal wouldn’t help the women who need it most. In addition, whatever benefits this CTC pro-posal would provide pales in comparison to those that would be received by the wealthy and corporations under this tax plan. The bill cuts taxes for major corporations who already pay far less than their fair share. Republicans claim that economic growth will more than pay for the lost revenue but we’ve tried this before. When trickle-down economics fails again and this bill explodes the nation’s deficit, Re-publicans will call for huge spending cuts to critical programs that hardworking Americans depend on to make ends meet. The plan’s negative impact on the Lone Star state would be particularly hard. Independent analyses show the Republican plan would actually raise taxes on about 1.5 million Texas households, or 12.4 percent of households next year. On average, families earning up to $86,000 annually would see a $794.00 increase in their tax liability, a significant burden on families struggling to afford child care and balance their checkbook. According to the IRS, 23 percent of tax fil-ers, or 2.8 million Texas households, deduct their state and local taxes with an average de-duction of $7,823 in 2015. The Ryan-McConnell plan eliminates this deduction, which would lower home values and put pressure on states and towns to col-lect revenues they depend on to fund schools, roads, and vital public resources. Placing further strains on middle-class Tex-ans is the elimination of the personal exemp-tion, which deducts $4,050 for each taxpayer and dependent on a return from taxable in-come. In 2015, roughly 9.3 million dependent ex-emptions were claimed in the Lone Star State. The GOP’s reckless and irresponsible tax plan is made all the more obscene by its dis-proportionate and immoral handouts to the wealthiest few. According to the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, millionaires in Texas, 0.31 percent of filers in 2015 would receive almost 57 percent of the benefits from the tax plan. Texans deserve a tax plan that puts working and middle class families first, not more def-icit-exploding tax cuts for millionaires and bil-lionaires. We need bipartisan tax reform that creates jobs, fuels economic growth, and puts more money into the pockets of hard-working Amer-ican families. A recent Pew Research Center report found little support for cutting taxes for high-income households, which is defined as more than $250,000 or large businesses and corpora-tions. In fact, 43 percent favored raising taxes on high-income households and 52 percent said corporate taxes should be raised. The Republicans persist with their scheme of raising taxes on hard-working middle class families to pay for tax cuts for the rich. It is reckless to explode our deficit which ac-cording to the Tax Policy Center, would sky-rocket by $2.4 trillion over the first decade. The wealthy must pay their fair share, but the GOP tax scheme offers them a free lunch at the expense of those who are most in need of a helping hand. The power of the purse rests with the House of Representatives and it is our job to make sure that the American People are treat-ed fairly. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. U
PTON (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for November 2 through today on account of a family commit-ment. Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Mr. H
ASTINGS (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and November 7. Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today through November 9 on account of death in family. Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, November 7, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3084. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s Major final rule — Restrictions on Qualified Financial Contracts of Certain FDIC-Supervised Institutions; Revisions to the Definition of Qualifying Master Netting Agreement and Related Definitions (RIN: 3064-AE46) received October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3085. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, MFH Portfolio Management Division, Rural Housing Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Multi-Family Housing Program Re-quirements to Reduce Financial Reporting Requirements (RIN: 0575-AC98) received Oc-tober 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3086. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; New Hampshire; Rules for Open Burning and Incinerators [EPA-R01- OAR-2017-0138; FRL-9970-41-Region 1] re-ceived November 2, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3087. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Continuous Opacity Moni-toring Requirements for Municipal Waste Combustors [EPA-R03-OAR-2017-0484; FRL- 9970-28-Region 3] received November 2, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 3088. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Benzovindiflupyr; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0448; FRL- 9967-33] received November 2, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3089. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Formaldehyde, polymer with 1,3-benzenediol, 2-methyloxirane and oxirane, ethers with polyethylene glycol mono-Me ether; Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP- 2017-0362; FRL-9969-99] received November 2, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3090. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Formaldehyde, polymer with 1,3-benzenediol, ethers with poly-ethylene glycol mono-Me ether; Exemption 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO7.022 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8521 November 6, 2017 
from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA- HQ-OPP-2017-0363; FRL-9970-00] received No-vember 2, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3091. A letter from the Assistant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign As-sets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Global Terrorism Sanctions Regulations re-ceived October 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 3092. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-170, ‘‘Standard of Care for Ani-mals Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3093. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airspace Designations; Incorporation by Reference Amendments [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0798; Amendment No.: 71-49] received October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3094. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0243; Product Identifier 2016-NM-045-AD; Amendment 39-19069; AD 2017-20-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3095. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Re-stricted Area R-2603; Fort Carson, CO [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-8927; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ANM-24] received October 31, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3096. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Re-stricted Areas R-3004A and R-3004B and Es-tablishment of R-3004C; Fort Gordon, GA [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0886; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ASO-11] received October 31, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3097. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace and Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Kaunakakai, HI [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0295; Airspace Docket No.: 16- AWP-2] received October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3098. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Augusta, AR [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-9274; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ASW-18] received October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3099. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Redmond, OR [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0390; Airspace Docket No.: 17- ANM-11] received October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3100. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and E Airspace; Battle Creek, MI [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0232; Airspace Docket No.: 17- AGL-11] received October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3101. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31155; Amdt. No.: 3766] received October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3102. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and E Airspace; Battle Creek, MI [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0232; Airspace Docket No.: 17- AGL-11] received October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3103. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and E Airspace; Elizabeth City, NC [Docket No.: FAA-2016-0384; Airspace Docket No.: 17- ASO-14] received October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3104. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Evansville, IN [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-9540; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AGL-27] re-ceived October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3105. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Sunriver, OR [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0617; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ANM-27] received October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3106. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Picayune, MS [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0320; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ASO-12] re-ceived October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3107. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Hattiesburg, MS [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0321; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ASO- 11] received October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3108. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Big Timber, MT [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0392; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ANM-4] re-ceived October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3109. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Medford, WI and Waupaca, WI [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0388; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AGL-13] received October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3110. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Onida, SD [Docket No.: FAA-2016- 9546; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AGL-32] re-ceived October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3111. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Hebron, NE [Docket No.: FAA-2017- 0175; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ACE-2] received October 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3112. A letter from the Deputy Director, ODRM, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — Medicare Pro-gram; CY 2018 Updates to the Quality Pay-ment Program; and Quality Payment Pro-gram: Extreme and Uncontrollable Cir-cumstance Policy for the Transition Year [CMS-5522-FC and IFC] (RIN: 0938-AT13) re-ceived November 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 3113. A letter from the Deputy Director, ODRM, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare and Medicaid Programs; CY 2018 Home Health Prospective Payment System Rate Update and CY 2019 Case-Mix Adjustment Methodology Refine-ments; Home Health Value-Based Purchasing Model; and Home Health Quality Reporting Requirements [CMS-1672-F] (RIN: 0938-AT01) received November 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 3122. A bill to protect in-dividuals who are eligible for increased pen-sion under laws administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs on the basis of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06NO7.000 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8522 November 6, 2017 
need of regular aid and attendance from dis-honest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–385). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 3562. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish as-sistance for adoptions of residences of vet-erans in rehabilitation programs under chap-ter 31 of such title, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–386). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 3656. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligibility date for provision of Department of Veterans Affairs memorial headstones and markers for eligible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose re-mains are unavailable; with an amendment (Rept. 115–387). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 3657. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide headstones and markers for the graves of spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries; with amend-ments (Rept. 115–388). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 1066. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report regarding the organizational struc-ture of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–389). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 918. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to furnish mental health care to certain former members of the Armed Forces who are not otherwise eligible to receive such care, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–390). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 607. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3043) to modernize hydropower policy, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3441) to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (Rept. 115–391). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 2148. A bill to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to clarify cap-ital requirements for certain acquisition, de-velopment, or construction loans; with amendments (Rept. 115–392). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself, Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Ms. K
APTUR , and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ): H.R. 4254. A bill to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration in-ternship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 4255. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude corporations op-erating prisons from the definition of taxable REIT subsidiary; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself, Mr. TONKO , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia, and Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey): H.R. 4256. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expan-sion of activities related to Alzheimer’s dis-ease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. STEWART (for himself and Mr. P
OLIS): H.R. 4257. A bill to maximize land manage-ment efficiencies, promote land conserva-tion, generate education funding, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself and Mr. C
LEAVER ): H.R. 4258. A bill to promote the develop-ment of local strategies to coordinate use of assistance under sections 8 and 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 with pub-lic and private resources, to enable eligible families to achieve economic independence and self-sufficiency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 4259. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to award grants for naloxone rescue kits in pub-lic libraries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. E
VANS , and Mr. M CEACHIN ): H.R. 4260. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish a new tax cred-it and grant program to stimulate invest-ment and healthy nutrition options in food deserts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mrs. L OVE, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 4261. A bill to improve public safety, accountability, transparency, and respect for federalism in Federal criminal law by apply-ing evidence-based reforms already made by some States, and reinvesting the resulting savings from doing so in additional evidence- based criminal justice strategies that are proven to reduce recidivism and crime, and the burden of the criminal justice system on the taxpayer; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 4262. A bill to authorize members and former members of the uniformed services who are entitled to veterans disability com-pensation to continue to participate in the Thrift Savings Plan through the deduction and deposit of a percentage of their veterans disability compensation to the Thrift Sav-ings Fund; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
144. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Michigan, rel-ative to Senate Resolution No. 73, to memo-rialize the United States Congress to do all it can to support atomic veterans, their spouses, and dependents in receiving medical care and disability compensation; which was referred to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 4254. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 4255. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 related to the Con-gress’ authority to lay and collect taxes By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 4256. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 4257. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Tenth Amendment, United States Con-stitution Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States) By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4258. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 4259. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Section 8 By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 4260. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To Make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer therof. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO7.013 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8523 November 6, 2017 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 4261. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 4262. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 66: Mr. L UETKEMEYER . H.R. 113: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 173: Ms. M
ENG, Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 176: Mr. C
ARTER of Texas and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 233: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 392: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, and Mr. D UNN. H.R. 432: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 444: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 459: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 545: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 564: Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 747: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 754: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 785: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 788: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 792: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 801: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 828: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 904: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 908: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 918: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 1057: Mr. H
ECK, Mr. G IANFORTE , and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1098: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1100: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1143: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1148: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 1164: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 1178: Mr. J
ORDAN and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 1200: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 1243: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 1276: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 1279: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 1374: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 1380: Mr. H
ECKand Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 1406: Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. N
EAL, and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 1456: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, and Ms. F RANKEL of Flor- ida. H.R. 1552: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 1592: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 1606: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 1661: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 1675: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 1676: Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. S
IRES, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, and Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 1733: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 1784: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1861: Mr. H
URDand Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 1865: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1896: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 1943: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 1953: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 1976: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 2092: Mr. M
EEHAN and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 2123: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. M ESSER , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 2180: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 2198: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 2320: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 2340: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 2345: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 2366: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 2452: Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY . H.R. 2601: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 2643: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER and Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 2790: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 2862: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 3030: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 3079: Ms. E
SHOO and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 3117: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 3127: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3128: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3222: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 3254: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 3316: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3320: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 3380: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3391: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3497: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 3596: Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH  and Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 3634: Mr. M
ESSER and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 3642: Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 3705: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 3831: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 3832: Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 3848: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 3854: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 3881: Mr. L
IPINSKI , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. S CHNEIDER . H.R. 3887: Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. O LSON and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3897: Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. T URNER , Mr. L
AMBORN , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. A RRINGTON , Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. B ISHOP  of Utah. H.R. 3949: Ms. S
INEMA and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3966: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 3989: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 3997: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4007: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 4022: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-vania, and Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4030: Ms. K
APTUR and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 4044: Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. K ING of New York, Mr. L
AHOOD, and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 4067: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 4073: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 4082: Mr. L
EVIN and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4114: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 4120: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 4121: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4131: Mr. B
URGESS and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 4143: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. B ARR, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali- fornia, and Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 4173: Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Ms. S
INEMA , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4184: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 4187: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 4198: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. S OTO, Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 4239: Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 4240: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. P OLIS, Ms. R OSEN , Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. R USH, Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E
SHOO , Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 4243: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 4250: Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4253: Mr. S
UOZZI and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.J. Res. 53: Mr. P
ANETTA . H. Con. Res. 80: Mrs. W
AGNER . H. Res. 129: Mrs. H
ANDEL and Mr. L ARSEN  of Washington. H. Res. 142: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H. Res. 252: Mr. T
ROTT , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H. Res. 282: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H. Res. 401: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H. Res. 493: Miss R
ICEof New York. H. Res. 495: Ms. L
OFGREN . H. Res. 528: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Ms. L
OFGREN . H. Res. 532: Mr. B
ABIN. H. Res. 584: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO7.021 H06NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7005 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 2017 No. 180 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, You are our God. Please draw near to all who are affected by the vio-lence in Your house of worship in Suth-erland Springs, TX. Comfort those who mourn, bring healing to the injured, and shower Your mercy upon us all. Lord, keep our lawmakers composed even in life’s storms. May they ac-knowledge their need of Your power, Your wisdom, and Your might. May they run toward life’s challenges and hardships, knowing that they are never alone. Satisfy their souls with good things, and transform the mundane into the meaningful. Lord, purify their hearts, creating within them a hunger and thirst for righteousness. Reveal to them Your plans for their well-being, providing them with a future and hope. We pray in Your loving Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Engel nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assist-ant Attorney General. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order of November 2, which notwithstands rule XXII, be modified to have all exec-utive session cloture motions ripen fol-lowing the disposition of the Gibson nomination; further, that if cloture is invoked on the Engel nomination, the time postcloture be counted as if in-voked at 5:30 p.m. on Monday. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TEXAS CHURCH MASS SHOOTING  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, for most Americans, a church is a place of worship and love, a place where the faithful go to feel mercy and compas-sion, which is why what happened in Texas yesterday is so difficult for many to comprehend. Why would an in-dividual do this? Families lost so much. Our hearts go out to them in this time of untold grief. Our gratitude goes out to the civilians and first re-sponders who answer the call when oth-ers are in need. As we continue to learn the details of yesterday’s tragic events, I, along with all Members of the Senate, will keep the victims of this tragedy and their families in my prayers. Mr. President, on a completely dif-ferent matter, last Monday I said the Senate would confirm four excellent judicial nominees by the end of the week. That is just what we did—Amy Barrett, confirmed; Joan Larsen, con-firmed; Allison Eid, confirmed; Stephanos Bibas, confirmed. After 8 years of a President who se-lected judges based upon an ideological litmus test designed to find nominees who favor certain groups or individuals over others, we now have a President who is sending over nominees who will ensure that the judiciary is actually living up to the role we expect in our democracy: treating everyone equally, giving every litigant a fair shake, ap-plying the law as it is actually written, not as the judge wishes it might be. The four circuit court nominees the Senate confirmed last week will do just that. Democrats have put up a lot of proce-dural roadblocks to prevent the Senate from moving forward all year. We have moved ahead anyway. As a result, de-spite all the obstacles from the other side, we are making significant progress. Of course, none of this would be pos-sible without the hard work and nota-ble leadership of Judiciary Committee Chairman CHUCK GRASSLEY , and I want to thank him again for everything he has done. We are not finished yet. We are going to keep pressing forward on judicial nominees. We are going to keep con-firming the other nominees before us as well. This week the Senate will consider some of President Trump’s other quali-fied nominees for various positions throughout the Federal Government. Each of these individuals will help lead their agencies to fulfill their particular mission in running the government. First, we will advance the nomina-tion of Steven Engel to serve as Assist-ant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel. Mr. Engel previously worked in the OLC, having done so under President Bush. He also served as Deputy Assistant Attorney General 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.000 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7006 November 6, 2017 
and counsel to the Assistant Attorney General. He obviously has a lot of expe-rience advising senior policymakers on a wide variety of legal issues facing the executive branch. That is good because the role he has been nominated to has the responsibility for providing legal advice to the executive branch on all constitutional questions and reviewing pending legislation for constitu-tionality. I look forward to advancing Mr. Engel’s nomination tomorrow so that he can begin putting his experience to work for our country as soon as pos-sible, and then we will turn to the var-ious other nominees before us so they can begin doing the same. Confirming the President’s nominees is an impor-tant part of the Senate’s business, and I urge all of our colleagues to work to-gether so we can get this done. 
TAX REFORM  
Now on one final matter, Mr. Presi-dent, today our colleagues on the House Ways and Means Committee began marking up the tax reform legis-lation they unveiled last week. Under Chairman B
RADY ’s leadership, the com-mittee is continuing its work to get our economy reaching again for its true potential. This is yet more mo-mentum for our country’s once-in-a- generation opportunity to update the tax system, deliver relief to hard-work-ing American families, and get our economy creating more opportunities and prosperity. Under Chairman H
ATCH ’s leadership, the Senate Finance Committee is con-tinuing to move forward on its own leg-islation to increase opportunity and to provide more take-home pay for Amer-ican families. In an open process through regular order, members of the committee will continue to have input in the writing of this tax reform legis-lation. Both Chambers are working with the President and his team to overhaul our country’s complex and outdated tax system. We are united around a com-monsense set of goals to make taxes lower, simpler, and fairer; take more money out of Washington’s pockets and put more money in the pockets of America’s middle class; and level the playing field for American workers and businesses so they can compete against foreign competitors on an equal footing and not only create more jobs in Amer-ica but keep them here too. These are goals shared by so many across our country regardless of party. It is time to deliver real tax relief for hard-working families, and we are going to keep working together to do just that. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. TEXAS CHURCH MASS SHOOTING  
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to speak about the mass shooting in Texas yesterday—the latest mass shooting in what seems like never-end-ing gun violence in our country. My heart breaks for the victims and their families and for the community of Sutherland Springs in Texas. We are still gathering all the facts about this specific crime. We are still learning about what happened, how this murderer was able to purchase a gun, whatever his twisted rationale was for walking into a house of worship in a small town and slaughtering more than 20 people, including young chil-dren, with an assault weapon. Our in-credible law enforcement officials are working hard to answer all of that, but the most important fact of all is some-thing we already know very well. This was yet another case where someone on American soil who had absolutely no business getting his hands on a weapon of war was able to get one and use it to commit heinous mass murder. Of the five worst mass shootings in our history, three of them have oc-curred in just the past 17 months. Think about that. In a small town in America, nearly 7 percent of the town’s population was slaughtered just be-cause they went to church that day. The weapon he used was based on a military weapon designed for a war zone, but this was not a war zone. It was a church. People were singing and praying and savoring life. I reject the notion that it is too soon to act. If not now, then when? We should ban assault weapons and bump stocks today. People who don’t want to have an honest conversation say we need to wait. Well, for how long? Be-cause we wait, and we wait, and we will see evil rear its ugly head over and over again, and we are told to wait again. We have enough information today for Congress to do its job and try to keep our constituents safe from gun vi-olence. We had enough information be-fore yesterday to act, but what Con-gress does not have is the political will to act. My friends, this must change. Thoughts and prayers are not going to stop the next mass shooting. Merely talking about doing something about the mentally ill obtaining guns isn’t going to stop the next deranged person with hate in their soul from commit-ting yet another mass murder. The Second Amendment does not mean that Americans should have to risk getting shot because they walked down the wrong street in a city or decided to go to a music festival in Las Vegas or a night club in Orlando or an elemen-tary school in Newtown or a movie the-ater in Aurora or a church on Sunday in Texas. After each of these horrific acts of vi-olence, what happened here in Con-gress? Nothing. More than a month after Las Vegas, we still can’t even tackle the most obvious fixes like ban-ning bump stocks. Plain and simple, Americans are being slaughtered and Congress is refusing to protect them. I hear my colleagues who rightly say we can’t pass laws to stop every in-stance of a deranged gunman who wants to kill innocent men, women, and children, just like our other crimi-nal laws will not necessarily stop every instance of crime, but there is no ex-cuse for not even trying. Everyone in this Chamber knows that a shooting in a church is something that should never happen in this country. Mr. President, I think you would agree with that. I think everyone who serves in this Chamber would agree with that. So then why aren’t we doing anything to stop this violence? Why aren’t we making it harder for a crazed, evil per-son to get their hands on a weapon of war? It makes me wonder what our col-leagues are waiting for. Are they wait-ing for the NRA to come in and give them cover and tell them it is OK to act? Are they waiting for the NRA to give them permission to stand up and do something? If the NRA said today assault rifles or bump stocks should be banned, it would be done tomorrow. That is the sad truth of this place, but we know the NRA will not say that be-cause they want to keep selling these weapons of war to anyone who is will-ing to buy them, no matter how unsafe it makes it for the rest of us. Congress has caved in over and over again to the enormous pressure by the NRA and the gun industry—which just wants to protect their profits—and has ignored the vast majority of Ameri-cans. Gun owners and nongun owners alike support commonsense measures to keep their fellow Americans safe. These mass slaughters continue, and Congress has done nothing—absolutely nothing. To me, this is a monumental failure of leadership, and it is no won-der that gun violence and mass shoot-ings happen here at a higher rate than any other developed country in the world. This has to change. It is not enough to solve the individual crime after the fact. We have to take mean-ingful, real action to prevent the next one. This is what has to happen. To those who doubt that Congress can ac-tually get something done, we already know that, depending on the motiva-tion, depending on whom Congress is actually listening to, Congress is fully capable of moving quickly to enact change. Instead of acting like its hands are tied and refusing to do anything— which is what is happening right now— far more often than not, Congress lis-tens to the special interests instead of the people who actually elect them to keep them safe. Look at the shameful state of our gun laws now and tell me if you think these laws came about because families in our States demanded them or was it because the NRA demanded them? Con-gress has turned a collective back on strengthening and expanding our na-tional background check system. We should be fixing the holes in the sys-tem—whatever is necessary—not just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06NO6.001 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7007 November 6, 2017 
shrugging our shoulders and saying there is nothing that can be done. Who do you think demanded that we don’t fix the background check system? Was it families in your State or was it the NRA? Congress refuses to ban high-ca-pacity magazines, which are literally made for war, and let killers fire doz-ens of rounds without having to stop and reload. Who do you think de-manded that, families or the NRA? Congress still refuses to ban assault weapons, which are designed for war— designed to kill as many people as pos-sible as rapidly as possible but are given different names so they can be sold in the civilian world. Who do you think demanded that, our families or the NRA? Congress is on the verge of passing legislation to make it easier right now for killers to buy suppressers, known by many of us as silencers, to attach to their weapons and make it harder for the police to do their jobs and catch violent criminals. Who do you think demanded that? Certainly not the po-lice and not our families—the NRA. Congress is dragging its feet on ban-ning bump stocks, the inexpensive piece of equipment the killer in Las Vegas used to turn its already-powerful firearm into an automatic weapon ca-pable of firing hundreds of rounds per minute. Who do you think demanded that, families or the NRA? Just this February, Congress over-turned a rule that had prevented people who were so incapacitated that they could no longer handle their own fi-nances from getting their hands on a gun. Who do you think demanded that, families or the NRA? Congress even went so far as to pass a law that blocked the Centers for Dis-ease Control from studying the issue of gun deaths the way they are allowed to study any other cause of death in this country. Why? Because it is an attempt to hide the overwhelming data showing that keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous people would decrease gun crime. Who do you think demanded that? Who do you think demanded that Congress suppress the facts and the alarming data about gun violence? Do you think it was families or the NRA? This really has to change. Congress needs to start protecting the people we were elected to represent. Their voices matter, and it really does matter whom you are listening to. Their voices matter, and they must be heard. We must listen and enact change that would actually help to keep our States safer from gun violence. We are the ones who need to act. We can’t ignore our responsibility to keep our country safe from this kind of violence. To all the people who are watching us right now, I would say this: After all these massacres, pay attention to what your elected leaders are saying. Pay at-tention to what they are actually doing. Watch how they react. Look closely at how they use their time here. Listen to what they say or don’t say. After these mass shootings, did they tell you we were going to bow our heads for a moment of silence and leave it there or did they tell you we were going to fight with every bit of energy to actually fix these broken gun laws and protect our American citi-zens? Democracy only works when regular people stand up and demand action. I urge everyone listening today to de-mand that action and to hold elected leaders accountable and to ask them to pass meaningful gun reform now. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, today we join the stunned community of Sutherland Springs, TX—a small town near San Antonio—in mourning the loss of too many innocent lives. One in-nocent life is too many. I listened to the impassioned com-ments of our colleague from New York asking us to do something, but I actu-ally think it is important we under-stand exactly what did happen, and once the fog of this terrible tragic event lifts, after the law enforcement agencies can do the appropriate inves-tigation, then I think it is appropriate for us to ask: What can we do, con-sistent with the Constitution and laws of the United States—what can we do to make something like this less like-ly? I wish I was optimistic there was some magic wand we could wave and that we could prevent terrible trage-dies like this, but in a free and open so-ciety, unfortunately, we don’t have that magic wand. On the other hand, we have arrived at a consensus, I think, in this country, that background checks, for example, are appropriate for people suffering from mental illness, people who com-mitted previous felonies. Those people are banned from possessing or pur-chasing firearms, and there is a con-sensus that they should be banned. There are some early reports—and, again, the fog of this terrible tragedy has not yet lifted. We need clarity in order to know what did and did not happen and where we might be able to act to make a difference. There is some indication by some news reports that this individual had committed domes-tic violence and had been convicted of that by a court-martial. That, too, would likely have been a disqualifying factor in his ability to possess or pur-chase firearms. So we need to know ex-actly what the facts are. I appreciate the passion of our col-league from New York. We are all stunned by what happened, but I think being rational people, we ought to want to know exactly what the facts are before we decide what the best course of action might be. It may be that, like we saw a few years back at Virginia Tech, an individual who had previously been adjudicated mentally ill, that determination, that judgment was not entered into the National In-stant Background Checks System run by the FBI, and because it wasn’t—be-cause of a failure of communication be-tween the State and Federal authori-ties—he was able to purchase a firearm when he was legally disqualified from being able to do so. So those are the sorts of things I think we could work together on. I know, for example, after the terrible shooting in Las Vegas, I was shocked, like so many others were, that some-body could essentially bypass the pro-hibition against making a semiauto-matic weapon into an automatic weap-on by the use of the so-called bump stock. As somebody who enjoys the outdoors and is a hunter and enjoys recreational shooting, I can tell you I know of no sportsman, no hunter, who uses a bump stock. It seems to me the sole purpose of this is to bypass the prohibition about turning semiauto-matic weapons into automatic weap-ons. That is something I hope the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee will continue to look into and determine whether the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Fire-arms ought to be extended the author-ity to regulate the so-called bump stocks. Back when President Obama was President of the United States, the Bu-reau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms said they did not believe they had the authority, but several of us have writ-ten to them and asked them to clarify for us just where they think they do have authority and where they feel they need additional authority so we can work with them, hopefully, to pre-vent terrible tragedies like that from occurring in the future. Yesterday we all received the news that a gunman opened fire on parish-ioners at First Baptist Church in Suth-erland Springs, TX, killing at least 26 people during the Sunday morning church service. I can’t imagine a more vulnerable time. People were sitting in the pews with their heads bowed and their eyes closed and then were exposed to this madman unleashing death in that house of worship. The victims in-cluded young children and a pregnant woman, among others. All 26 of them are now gone, aged 18 months to 72 years old. This small community and an entire Nation must now bind its wounds as we mourn the dead and meet the face of evil with moral clarity and a newfound determination to stem the violence that continues to plague the United States of the America. We saw in New York that somebody used a vehicle—a car—to mow down people and to kill people as an act of terrorism. We are vulnerable in so many ways because we are an open society. Unfor-tunately, these sorts of tragedies seem to come back to us time and again, and we in Texas are not immune. We remember the knife attack at the University of Texas in Austin earlier this year. We remember the shooting of police officers in downtown Dallas last year, where five police officers per-ished, and at Fort Hood in 2009. Each of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06NO6.003 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7008 November 6, 2017 
these events has been shocking, inex-plicable, and, certainly, reprehensible. This tragedy may be the worst of all. That this event occurred in a house of worship makes it all the more gro-tesque and despicable. Hymns of praise were silenced, and those led to cries for help. The shooting in Sutherland Springs has been called the deadliest mass shooting in Texas history. It is perhaps better understood by the words of one man whose mother and father were both killed yesterday. He was sitting on the curb, outside the emergency room, at Connally Memorial Medical Center in Floresville, a town nearby. Shaken to the core, he called the events of yesterday ‘‘unimaginable.’’ It is impossible to comprehend what it must have felt like to wake up this morning in Sutherland Springs—a small, tight-knit, rural community that is roughly 35 miles southeast of San Antonio—with so many neighbors lost and the sound of yesterday’s gun-fire and sirens still ringing in the air. One of the people who lost her life was Crystal Holcombe, who died with her unborn child and several relatives. Another was Annabelle Pomeroy, a shy 14-year-old girl, whose uncle describes her as an ‘‘angel in the flesh.’’ We know, thankfully, that two Good Samaritans turned on and pursued the shooter and may have prevented this nightmare from lasting even longer. We are grateful for the heroism and the quick decisive action of these two men. We know that about 20 injured remain in hospitals, including a 5-year-old, Ryland Ward, who was shot multiple times. Yesterday I spoke with Texas Gov-ernor Greg Abbott and Wilson County Sheriff Joe Tackitt, Jr., and offered not only my condolences but my un-equivocal and complete support. Sher-iff Tackitt said that the bloody scene inside First Baptist was horrific, but that the response to the tragedy was instantaneous. First responders from the surrounding area, as well as State and Federal officials, inundated Suth-erland Springs with logistical re-sources and personnel, offering their love and compassion, as well—a proud display of what I often see, which is an attitude that being a Texan doesn’t de-scribe just where you are from. It de-scribes who your family is. Today I join the sheriff, as well as Governor Abbott, and my friend Rep-resentative H
ENRY CUELLAR , in whose congressional district this tragedy oc-curred, my colleague in the Senate, Senator C
RUZ, and so many other Tex-ans in asking God for healing and for understanding. We know the investigation into ex-actly what happened and why is ongo-ing, and it is important that we allow this investigation to be completed so we can know what happened and ex-actly what we might be able to do to prevent tragedies like this from occur-ring in the future. I hope that Texans who call Suther-land Springs and First Baptist Church home will soon have some answers. I send my thoughts and prayers to those who lost parents, children, friends, and relatives in this outrageous and inhu-man act. I hope each of us will pledge to be a light in the darkness. To the families whose lives are forever changed by this atrocity, let us provide a strong shoulder of support. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. ERNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. (The remarks of Ms. C
OLLINS and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO pertaining to the intro-duction of S. 2076 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Intro-duced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. DAINES. Madam President, today the U.S. House of Representa-tives begins marking up H.R. 1, the Tax Cut and Jobs Act, and as the U.S. Sen-ate continues to debate tax cuts, I am reminded of a speech that former Democratic President John F. Kennedy delivered in New York City in 1962. In fact, it was in December of 1962, when he said: 
In short, it is a paradoxical truth that tax rates are too high today and tax revenues are too low and the soundest way to raise the revenues in the long run is to cut the rates now. The experience of a number of Euro-pean countries and Japan have borne this out. This country’s own experience with tax reduction in 1954 has borne this out. And the reason is that only full employment can bal-ance the budget, and tax reduction can pave the way to that employment. The purpose of cutting taxes now is not to incur a budget deficit, but to achieve the more prosperous, expanding economy which can bring a budget surplus. 
President Kennedy went on to say: 
I repeat: our practical choice is not be-tween a tax-cut deficit and a budgetary sur-plus. It is between two kinds of deficits: a chronic deficit of inertia, as the unwanted result of inadequate revenues and a re-stricted economy; or a temporary deficit of transition, resulting from a tax cut designed to boost the economy, increase tax revenues, and achieve—and I believe this can be done— a budget surplus. The first type of deficit is a sign of waste and weakness; the second re-flects an investment in the future. 
If someone had just tuned in, they might think I was quoting, perhaps, President Reagan or perhaps some other Republican leader. This was President John F. Kennedy in 1962. We need to cut taxes once again and put money back into the pockets of the American people. I can state that Mon-tanans need more jobs, but, impor-tantly, we need better paying jobs. Most importantly, they need bigger paychecks. The best way to give Mon-tanans a pay raise—how about cutting their taxes? We need tax cuts. TEXAS CHURCH MASS SHOOTING  
Madam President, separately, I just want to express my sincere and heart-felt sympathies to the people of Suth-erland Springs, TX. What a devastating turn of events there—men, women, and children showing up for worship on a Sunday in a church. This was an act of pure evil. My wife Cindy and I are praying for the victims, their families, and the community that has been changed for-ever. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
NATURAL GAS LIQUID STORAGE  
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I would like to talk about an issue in my State of West Virginia—really my region— that is becoming very important, I think, to this country’s energy secu-rity and prosperity. As we know, West Virginia has exten-sive natural gas liquid resources. Near-ly a century ago, when these resources were discovered, the rapid growth that followed turned Central West Virginia into a national hub for the petro-chemical industry. You know what, we have never looked back. Today, chemistry remains our State’s second largest industry and di-rectly impacts other major sectors like energy, biomedical engineering, and manufacturing. West Virginia is home to 140 different chemical companies that employ nearly 13,000 workers. West Virginia’s share of GDP from the chemical industry is the sixth largest in the country, and these products are about one-quarter of our State’s major international exports. We still have one of the highest concentrations of chemical, polymer, and resin manufac-turers in the world. The sector is sort of a microcosm of the challenges and opportunities facing this important American industry dur-ing a time of fierce international com-petition. Estimates show, more than 100,000 workers in West Virginia al-ready have the industrial skills to fill jobs in this sector, and there are thou-sands more who could easily be re-trained to fill these jobs in this impor-tant industry. With our region’s abun-dance of natural gas from Marcellus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06NO6.005 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7009 November 6, 2017 
and Utica shale, West Virginia is per-fectly positioned for a massive increase of economic growth and new jobs. Natural gas liquids provide the build-ing blocks for many of the products used by our consumers every single day—products ranging from the dash-board in your car or the water bottle that many of us use. Right now, we don’t have the right infrastructure in place to store and distribute the build-ing blocks that make up these prod-ucts. As a result, these valuable re-sources are being used to generate heat and electricity, instead of being made into consumer products. As Energy Secretary Perry put it, that’s like cooking your breakfast over a fire of hundred dollar bills. This represents a huge opportunity to act on this admin-istration’s ‘‘America First’’ energy pol-icy. It is an opportunity to grow an in-dustry here at home with an American workforce and America’s natural re-sources. To elevate these issues in Congress, I am proud to serve as the cochair of the bipartisan Senate Chemistry Caucus. We host briefings about the importance of this industry to America’s economy and national security. States that may not have robust petrochemical sectors, nonetheless, rely on its products for manufacturing, agriculture, and sev-eral other key industries. For months—I would say more than months, years—I have been advancing the development of an Appalachian natural gas liquids market to improve our storage and distribution capabili-ties. New drilling technologies have un-locked access to trillions upon trillions of cubic feet of natural gas and their associated liquids in West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Kentucky. Some of our most downtrodden eco-nomic areas have this valuable asset right there. Unpredicted just a decade ago, this asset can create a renaissance in the region’s petrochemical industry, but this can only happen if policymakers and the private sector seize this once- in-a-generation opportunity. To do that, we need to create a natural gas liquid storage hub in Central Appa-lachia. The concept of this new hub is simple. Right now, because we don’t have a way to store these liquids, we are unable to fully maximize this re-source. That hurts producers, refiners, and our manufacturers in the State of West Virginia, and Ohio, and beyond. A storage hub and the necessary pipeline infrastructure would create a robust Appalachian market for natural gas liquids. This would have major na-tional benefits, and here is why. Let’s think about the hurricane that just oc-curred and devastated our friends in Texas. The gulf—and particularly Houston and the storage hub at Mont Belvieu, TX—dominate the domestic market there. Hurricane Harvey knocked out as much as 60 percent of that supply. It knocked it offline, and it took a month to get the hub back up and running. By establishing an Appa-lachian storage hub away from Hurri-cane Alley, we would add redundancy that protects our economy and our na-tional security. Having all this storage capacity in only one region of the country only drives up production costs for American manufacturers. I would also add that this resource is in Appalachia. Appalachia should have this storage hub to be able to capitalize and create the jobs right in our own neighborhood. As Appalachia has become a robust producer of natural gas liquids, pipe-lines that used to flow from the gulf to the Northeast have been reversed. They are now sent to the gulf for storage and refining. It is sent back as ethylene to the interior of the country—often Ap-palachia itself—and to the Midwest for manufacturing. This back-and-forth obviously drives up prices for the goods you buy every day, from furniture to toys, to cars. To be clear, development of an Appa-lachian hub would not come at the ex-pense of the gulf’s market. It is a com-parative advantage. The Appalachian hub can more efficiently serve many of the domestic manufacturers, while the gulf can expand its export capacity. Be-sides making the national market more efficient and resilient, an Appa-lachian market will drive significant development in a region that des-perately needs a boost. A recent study found that the Appa-lachian States of West Virginia, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Kentucky would see as much as $35.8 million in new capital investment, creating more than 100,000 jobs by 2025 with this new hub. When Secretary Perry accepted my invitation and visited West Virginia in July, the development of an Appa-lachian natural gas liquid storage hub and market was a great topic of em-phasis. The Secretary met with several business leaders as part of a roundtable discussion to discuss paths forward in developing a regional ethane market. Needless to say, the Secretary saw the obvious benefits of such a project and that the hub could play a key role in the administration’s related goals of rejuvenating the Appalachian economy and achieving an ‘‘America First’’ en-ergy policy. The Secretary and I have discussed how best to bring this public-private partnership to life since his visit to West Virginia. I think all of my col-leagues—particularly those rep-resenting Appalachia—should be as ex-cited about this concept as the Sec-retary and I are. Several private enti-ties are undertaking that initial devel-opment work right now, with interest coming from both domestic and foreign investors. I have been engaging frequently with Secretary Perry and with Commerce Secretary Ross about making this stor-age hub a reality. The Trump adminis-tration understands the importance of this project to the economies of West Virginia and the region. I appreciate their efforts to help move our State forward beyond the economic disasters we have had over the last several years. I will continue my advocacy for this enormous economic development opportunity and encourage my col-leagues—not just from the States I mentioned but all around the coun-try—to join as partners in this effort. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
NOMINATION OF PETER ROBB  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, this morning I drove from Cleveland to Youngstown. I was in Youngstown, OH—Mahoning Valley—at Teamsters Local 377 talking to workers. There were maybe 200 of them in the room, mostly retirees who are in danger of having their pensions cut—pensions they earned over a lifetime of hard work. To understand how that happens, when workers are at the bargaining table, whether it is Teamsters, elec-tricians, Steelworkers or SCIU, they so often are willing to give up wages today in order to have a secure retire-ment in 5 years, 10 years, 20 years, 30 years. That is what these workers chose to do. They chose to give up wages. Whether they worked for Schwebel’s in Youngstown, whether they worked for Roadway, over the road, whether they were working for any number of com-panies, they were willing, at the bar-gaining table, to give up higher wages today to have money to set aside that was then invested often in Wall Street. We will get to that in a minute. It is bad enough Wall Street squandered those workers’ money. It is worse that the government that is supposed to look out for these workers simply isn’t doing it. One of the retired workers, Ed Barker, told us: We did our part. Now it is time for Members of Congress to cross party lines and do theirs. We talk a good game in this body about how we respect workers and re-spect their work, but I am not sure we always live that. If we really value a hard day’s work in this country, we start by keeping our promise to these hard-working Ohioans, Virginians, Montanans, and all over this country. We keep our promise to those hard- working people in our country, but we can’t end there. That is just the begin-ning of what we need to do to ensure that hard work pays off for ordinary Americans. During his campaign, Candidate Trump made a lot of big promises to workers in Ohio. He ran some of his big rallies across our State. He made big promises to workers in Ohio and across the country. He told them he would put American workers first. Well, the White House today looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives, and many of the people the President has put in charge have a record of doing the oppo-site of putting American workers first. That is certainly true of Peter Robb, the nominee to serve as the general 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06NO6.013 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7010 November 6, 2017 
counsel of the National Labor Rela-tions Board. Mr. Robb has spent his ca-reer working to strip workers of their rights, defend corporations accused of mistreating workers, and he has tried to undermine the watchdog agency he is now seeking to join. He will be work-ing at the National Labor Relations Board, which is supposed to strike a balance and advocate only for Amer-ican workers. The President’s nominee is someone who received a very high salary building his career defending corporations accused of mistreating workers, working to strip workers of their rights, and trying to undermine the NLRB’s effort to get a fair shake and build a level playing field for work-ers. Someone who views unions and col-lective bargaining as a threat to be dealt with was primarily the story of Mr. Robb’s career, instead of helping to protect the central rights for workers. A person like that has no business serving as the top lawyer for the Na-tional Labor Relations Board. His nomination is just the latest in a long line of evidence that work simply isn’t valued in this country the way it used to be. People in Ohio and around the country work harder. They work more days, more hours, longer hours, harder than ever before, and they have less to show for it. Over the past 40 years, GDP has gone up, corporate profits have gone up, and executive compensation has gone up— all because of the productivity of the American worker, but, fundamentally, the workers haven’t shared in the wealth they have created. Again, GDP goes up, profits go up, executive sala-ries go up, productivity goes up, but workers’ wages are stagnant or worse. We know that. We also know people in this body rarely side with workers in that equa-tion. One major reason the economic growth has not brought higher wages to workers is Americans are less likely to have a union card to protect them. When Americans reminisce about the good jobs that disappeared, I am will-ing to bet most of those jobs were union. As manufacturing employment de-clined, the share of workforce rep-resented by unions declined with it— only more rapidly. I can accept that the workforce is changing, but what we can’t accept is more and more of our workers are paid less in wages, have fewer benefits, and have little eco-nomic security. It is no coincidence that over the same timeframe, economic growth in this country has been shared among fewer and fewer Americans. Keep in mind, as the 1 percent gets richer, they take more and more of the profits, they take more of the productivity gains, and workers are left further behind. We know what will happen with this so-called tax reform that is being con-sidered in the House. They are then going to negotiate it right down the hall here in the majority leader’s office the same way they did healthcare. They will be right down the hall in the majority leader’s office with lots of lobbyists but no light shone, no public, and no media coverage. We know what happens. We know what happens with tax reform like that. The rich get richer and the mid-dle class shrinks. That is the story of those Teamsters in Youngstown today. As I walked with the crowd of Team-sters, I spoke with a number of them on the way in and the way out. I asked how long they had driven a truck. Most had driven 30, some 40, and a few 45 years. They worked that hard. They gave up wages today so they would have a pension in the future. Yet, right now, because of Wall Street misfea-sance and malfeasance, in large part, and because government, the people in this body don’t have the guts to stand up for these workers, we know what has happened to their pensions, and we know what will happen to their pen-sions if we don’t step in and do the right thing come December this year. We know what will happen with the tax reform bill, again, written down the hall in the majority leader’s of-fice—the same thing. The wealthiest 1 percent get richer. The rich get richer and the powerful get more power and what happens is, the middle class shrinks. We know that. Last week, I was on the floor with many of my colleagues talking about a case before the Supreme Court—Janus v. AFSCME. The case is part of a dec-ades-long attempt to chip away at workers’ power in the workplace. Mr. Robb has been part of that effort. The nominee to be the top lawyer at the National Labor Relations Board has been part of the effort to chip away at workers’ rights, to continue the de-meaning and diminishing role of work-ers in this country, to suppress wages in this country. He is the person the President of the United States wants to serve as the top lawyer on the Na-tional Labor Relations Board. What is wrong with that picture? He defended corporations accused of dis-crimination of not paying their work-ers the paychecks they earned. Imag-ine, he represented the corporations that tried to keep these workers from getting the paychecks they earned. He worked for an energy company that was working to defeat workers’ orga-nizing effort. His own law firm’s website brags about how they delayed the election 2 more years. You know how it works. My col-leagues know this. These workers signed a petition. They signed a card, if you will, saying they would like to have a union election. A majority of these workers—probably a majority of 60, 70 percent—signed a card saying they wanted to have a union election. It is a right in this country. It is a right since the 1930s. When President Roosevelt pushed through the National Labor Relations Act, workers received the right to vote on a union. Mr. Robb’s company was bragging. They were bragging that they were able to delay the election for 2 years. So maybe they couldn’t defeat the work-ers, but do you know what you do then? You delay the election because you have really good, high-priced law-yers who know how to do this for man-agement, for the corporation. If you delay the election for a week, for a month, for a quarter, for half a year, for a year, for 2 years, you know what happens. Many of those workers who signed that petition who thought they might have a shot at the union, some of them got fired, some just left, some of them were ready to retire, maybe some of them died. So by the time the election is held, you have pretty much defeated the organizing ef-fort. That is why people like Mr. Robb don’t belong at the National Labor Re-lations Board. We need someone in this job who wakes up every day ready to defend American workers, not oppress them, not shut them down, not depress their wages. You don’t want somebody who has spent his career trying to bring these workers down. What Mr. Robb doesn’t seem to un-derstand is, it is not corporations that drive the economy, it is workers. We grow the economy from the middle class out. I know you are going to hear a num-ber of my colleagues who support this huge tax break in this tax bill. It is all about cutting the corporate tax so cor-porations make more money, have higher profits, have higher executive salaries. It will not have anything to do with wages. It never does. No mat-ter how profitable the companies are, they are not willingly giving higher wages to its workers. You are going to hear from these companies. You are going to hear the defenders of these companies come to this body, and they are going to talk about how corpora-tions are driving the economy; that if you give tax breaks to the richest peo-ple in the country, it will trickle down and create jobs and increase wages. Well, it hasn’t worked that way in the past. In the 1990s, Bill Clinton grew the economy. He focused the tax breaks in the tax bills on the middle-class work-ers and grew the economy out from the middle. Twenty-two million net pri-vate sector jobs increased during the Clinton years. The next 8 years, under President Bush 2, the tax cuts all went to the rich, two major tax cuts—not entirely to the rich but overwhelmingly to the rich. For trickle down, zero net in-crease of private sector jobs. There were 22 million during the Clinton years because he focused on the middle class. There was zero job growth during the Bush years because it was trickle- down economics. What is going on in the back room in the majority leader’s, Senator M
CCON-
NELL ’s, back office? It is another tax cut for the rich, trickle down, see what happens. The rich get richer, and the middle class shrinks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06NO6.014 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7011 November 6, 2017 
What Mr. Robb doesn’t understand is, it is not corporations that drive the economy, it is workers. When the workers are doing better, they are buy-ing more things, they are creating more demand, companies sell more products, the economy grows. If work isn’t valued, if corporations short-change workers with the help of law-yers like Mr. Robb, then Americans can’t earn their way to a better life for their families no matter how hard they work. We all know, workers are working harder than ever before. They are working longer hours than ever before. They are more productive. Profits are up. Executive compensation is up. Wages have been flat. What is fair about that? What should we do about that? What we should do about that is not to put people on the National Labor Relations Board who want to do more of the same. Whenever we face another attack on American workers and their freedom to organize, I think of the words of Pope Francis. He said: ‘‘There is no good so-ciety without a good union, and there is no good union that is not reborn every day in the peripheries—that does not transform the disregarded stones of the economy into cornerstones.’’ We need laws that reflect the dignity of every discarded stone, of every Amer-ican working too many hours for too little pay. The last thing we need is an-other nominee who doesn’t value work, another nominee who doesn’t respect the Americans who do it, another nominee who always lines up on the side of the richest people in the coun-try and always is working to take rights away from workers, to take wages away from workers, and to take benefits away from workers. That is the story of Mr. Robb’s work history in the private sector. Is that the kind of person you want representing workers and representing the American economy at the National Labor Relations Board? I think not. I urge my colleagues to listen a little bit more. Go to the Teamsters’ hall in Youngstown like I did today. Listen a little more to the Americans we serve. Listen a little less at the country club, to the big corporations trying to squeeze every last penny out of these workers’ hands, to squeeze every last penny out of these workers. Reject Mr. Robb’s nomination. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. JOHN LOGAN Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate a dear friend whom I have known for more than 30 years, Dr. John Logan III, of Henderson, KY. John was recently hon-ored by his community for a lifetime of servant leadership. The city dedicated a plaque on the Henderson Riverwalk, which is one of the many landmarks that John had an indispensable hand in building and one I was proud to work with him to help secure. In a surprise ceremony—John thought he was sim-ply going to lunch with a friend—they honored him for decades of philan-thropy and service to his community. The plaque includes a quote from au-thor Margaret Mead, which reads, ‘‘Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it’s the only thing that ever has.’’ These words per-fectly encapsulate the impact of my friend John. John serves as the chief medical offi-cer of the Methodist Hospital in Hen-derson, where he started working in 1962 specializing in family medicine. A number of years ago, John embarked on a mission to highlight the extraor-dinary history of the hospital. Because of his tireless work, the successes of this Henderson institution will con-tinue to be remembered for years to come. In addition to his work caring for patients and leading the adminis-tration of the hospital, John gives of himself to other aspects of the commu-nity. In 1971, John joined the Family YMCA’s capital campaign, working to help the group move from its old home downtown to a much larger facility on 5 acres of land. He has continued to work with the YMCA, making sure that young people in Henderson have a well-equipped facility to enjoy and grow. John also helped establish other community initiatives, including Hen-derson’s Depot Welcome Center and the Methodist Hospital’s Neonatal Inten-sive Care Unit. In 2012, the Henderson Community College board of directors presented John with an award recognizing his substantial service to the school. Through the years, John has taken a keen interest in the students. He worked with State legislators and com-munity leaders to raise $1 million to support scholarships to the college and to build a fine arts center. His impact will be felt by students for years to come. John has spent his life giving to oth-ers—his community, the Methodist Hospital, and his friends. So many of the projects in Henderson would not have been possible without John’s dedi-cated leadership, and I am immensely proud to call him my friend. His dec-ades of service have truly made Hen-derson and Kentucky a better place. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to the selfless work of Dr. John Logan, a remarkable Ken-tuckian and a wonderful friend. Mr. President, The Gleaner in Hen-derson recently published an article on John’s career of service. I ask unani-mous consent that a copy of the article be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Gleaner, Oct. 26, 2017] D
R. JOHNLOGAN HONORED FOR LIFETIME OF  C
OMMUNITY VOLUNTEERISM  (By Douglas White) It’s hard to name a community institution in Henderson that Dr. John Logan hasn’t helped or been part of creating. So when it came time to honor his decades of organizing, cheerleading and fundraising for the Henderson community as a whole, city officials picked perhaps the most scenic spot he’s had a hand in bringing to reality. ‘‘Every day he wakes up and works to make this community better,’’ said Dr. Lee Newberry, one of Logan’s colleagues at Methodist Hospital, as a plaque was dedi-cated Tuesday afternoon at the Seventh Street overlook on the Henderson Riverwalk. ‘‘He’s a true example of a servant leader.’’ Newberry and other speakers at the event offered a long list of community projects, programs and buildings that Logan has helped make happen. A few examples include the modern YMCA facilities, the fine arts center on the campus of Henderson Community College, the down-town Depot building, St. Anthony’s Hospice, Colonels to College, the Sandefur Center, and currently in the works, the new 1–69 bridge over the Ohio River. Attorney David Thomason noted, ‘‘Many of those things wouldn’t have happened if it hadn’t been for John.’’ Thomason recalled how Logan pushed for, and got, money inserted into the state budg-et for Henderson’s fine arts center. It came literally at the midnight hour, but with a catch: Henderson would have to find a way to contribute $200,000 to make the bonding a reality. When asked, in the middle of the night, if Logan could make it happen, he replied quickly: ‘‘You’re damned right!’’ ‘‘He never met a challenge he didn’t em-brace,’’ said Thomason. ‘‘Once he’s on board, the ship doesn’t sink. In my opinion, he has done more than any other volunteer in the past 50 years.’’ f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the November 2, 2017, vote on calendar No. 433, con-firmation of the nomination of Stephanos Bibas to be U.S. circuit judge for the Third Circuit. I would have voted nay. 
f 
REMEMBERING BERNARD SHAW Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, Ber-nard Shaw devoted his life to sup-porting Maine’s family farms and to preserving our State’s agricultural her-itage. His recent passing at 88 years of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06NO6.021 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7012 November 6, 2017 
age was a great loss, but he left behind a legacy that will be cherished for gen-erations to come. I rise today in tribute to this out-standing leader and to offer my deepest condolences to his wife Norma, family, and friends. Growing up in Aroostook County, the heart of Maine’s potato industry, I saw every day the importance of family farms to our way of life and to our communities. Bernard was a leader in this iconic Aroostook industry. Born in Limestone, ME, near my hometown of Caribou, Bernard began farming with Norma’s father, Herman Ward. In addition to helping to build a strong and successful family business, he served the industry in numerous ag-ricultural organizations at the local, State, and national levels. Bernard served as Maine’s commis-sioner of agriculture from 1988 to 1996 during Governor McKernan’s adminis-tration. During my own service in State government, I had the pleasure of working alongside Bernard, a leader of uncommon energy, intelligence, and dedication. During their 67 years of marriage, in both Aroostook County and our State capital of Augusta, Bernard and Norma were active volunteers in their commu-nity, serving youth programs, civic or-ganizations, schools, and their church. Upon Bernard’s retirement in 1996, the couple devoted countless hours to the Augusta Food Bank, helping their neighbors in need throughout the cap-ital region. In 2012, Bernard and Norma were hon-ored with the Maine Agriculture Com-missioner’s Distinguished Service Award. The citation accompanying that award described them as ‘‘two of the most accomplished, yet humble, contributors to Maine’s agricultural community’’ who personified the tradi-tional, hard-working Maine farm fam-ily. Bernard Shaw was guided by the tra-ditions that define Maine, and he strengthened them for the future. His invaluable contributions to agriculture and to our State will be deeply missed, but he will long be remembered for his leadership and vision. Mr. KING. Mr. President, today we remember the life of Bernard ‘‘Bernie’’ Shaw, who passed away earlier this year at the age of 88. As a lifelong resi-dent of Maine, a wonderful husband and father to three, and a champion for agriculture, future generations will continue to remember Bernie by the lasting impact he has left on the State. Originally from Limestone, Bernie attend the Limestone schools and later the University of Maine. It was after this that he met his beloved wife, Norma. In over 65 years of marriage, Bernie and Norma raised three chil-dren—Steve, Susan, and Sara—all while running a successful family farm and giving back to their community in numerous ways. Bernie first began farming with Nor-ma’s father, Herman Ward, and eventu-ally took over the family business, be-fore moving to Augusta in 1987. From 1988 to 1994, Bernie served the State of Maine as the commissioner of agri-culture. Over the years, he served on local, State, and national level agri-culture committees, drawing from his own experience as a former Aroostook County potato farmer. Only a few out of the many groups he championed for, Bernie devoted his time to the Maine Potato Council, the Maine Potato Board, the Agricultural Bargaining Council, and the Land For Maine’s Fu-ture Board. After retiring, Bernie devoted much of his time to volunteering at the Au-gusta Food Bank, and the Windsor Fair. He was honored for this commit-ment back in 2012, when he received the Agriculture Commissioner’s Distin-guished Service Award, along with his wife, Norma. Both were lauded for their weekly efforts with the food bank and their success in expanding the number of families able to be helped. Bernie Shaw represented in so many ways the values we hold dear in Maine: family, faith, community, service, and tradition. We have much to be thankful for in Maine because of Bernie’s dedica-tion and service to the State, and he will be deeply missed by many. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CONNORS-EMERSON SCHOOL Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am delighted to commend Connors-Emer-son School in Bar Harbor, ME, on being named a 2017 National Blue Ribbon School of Excellence. Serving students from kindergarten through the eighth grade, this outstanding school is one of only 342 schools across the country to receive Blue Ribbon recognition from the U.S. Department of Education. Created in 1982, the Blue Ribbon Schools Program honors public and pri-vate schools that are either academi-cally superior in their States or that demonstrate significant gains in stu-dent achievement. The schools singled out for this national recognition are models of high educational standards and accountability. The Blue Ribbon designation con-tinues a tradition of quality education at Connors-Emerson. Since first being named a Blue Ribbon School in 2004, educators and staff have deepened and expanded standards-based teaching and learning. More than half of the faculty have advanced degrees or certification as master level teachers. A strong com-mitment to professional development ensures that teachers and staff, as well as students, are lifelong learners. Bar Harbor is the gateway to Acadia National Park, and the school has a strong ethic of environmental responsi-bility. Currently, the seventh grade students at Connors-Emerson are working on an expeditionary learning unit which is exploring the effects of climate change on Acadia and all of Mount Desert Island. Bar Harbor also is home to the MDI Biological Laboratory and to the Jack-son Laboratory, world-renowned re-search institutions. Connors-Emerson excels in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics education. The math team and robotics team have re-ceived honors at both the State and na-tional levels, and the school has been awarded several grants to advance STEM education. Fully 98 percent of students in grades five through eight participate in after-school activities. From the State champion jazz band and drama to Des-tination Imagination and the Outdoors Club, students are encouraged to pur-sue their interests. As a school community, Connors- Emerson is dedicated to the values of fairness, compassion, honesty, respon-sibility, respect, and courtesy that help to create a positive, diverse, safe, and caring learning environment. This Blue Ribbon Award is a tribute not only to the students but also to the administrators, teachers, staff, and parents of Connors-Emerson School. Together, they are succeeding in their mission to generate excitement and momentum for learning. They are making a difference in the lives of their students, helping them reach their full potential as independent, re-sponsible learners and citizens. I con-gratulate the entire Bar Harbor com-munity for this well-deserved recogni-tion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FALMOUTH ELEMENTARY SCHOOL Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am delighted to commend Falmouth Ele-mentary School in Falmouth, ME, on being named a 2017 National Blue Rib-bon School of Excellence. Serving stu-dents from kindergarten through the fifth grade, this outstanding school is one of only 342 schools across the coun-try to receive Blue Ribbon recognition from the U.S. Department of Edu-cation. Created in 1982, the Blue Ribbon Schools Program honors public and pri-vate schools that are either academi-cally superior in their States or that demonstrate significant gains in stu-dent achievement. The schools singled out for this national recognition are models of high educational standards and accountability. The Blue Ribbon designation con-tinues a tradition of quality education in Falmouth. Established just 6 years ago, the elementary school is rel-atively young; however, it has a rich history steeped in tradition. The union of two schools in 2011 created the larg-est elementary school in Maine. One of those schools, Plummer-Motz, received a Blue Ribbon Award in 2005, and the dedication to quality education was ex-panded through a transition that was guided by a team of representatives from each of the two schools. Faculty and staff at Falmouth are committed to both academic excellence and each child’s social, emotional, and physical health. They work to ensure a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06NO6.017 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7013 November 6, 2017 
safe and secure learning environment and to develop strong and collaborative relationships with parents and commu-nity members. Students have rich and diverse learn-ing opportunities in art and music, and library skills are part of every child’s learning. World language instruction starts in the first grade, and computer science classes start in grade 3. Stu-dents benefit from interdisciplinary learning through the garden-green-house and through celebrations such as Arts Nights, Coder Express, and Engi-neering Night. This award recognizes that Falmouth Elementary School students achieve at the highest level. The school involves all students in extracurricular activi-ties, which helps forge a strong school community where students are con-nected and encouraged to pursue their interests. I applaud the administrators, teach-ers, staff, and parents of Falmouth Ele-mentary School. Together, they are succeeding in their mission to generate confidence and momentum for learn-ing. They are making a difference in the lives of their students, helping them reach their full potential as inde-pendent, responsible learners and citi-zens. I am pleased that the U.S. De-partment of Education has selected Falmouth Elementary School for this well-deserved honor, and I congratulate the entire school community for this outstanding achievement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FOURTEENTH STREET SCHOOL Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am delighted to commend Fourteenth Street School in Bangor, ME, on being named a 2017 National Blue Ribbon School of Excellence. Serving students from prekindergarten through the third grade, this outstanding school in the city I am proud to live is one of only 342 schools across the country to receive Blue Ribbon recognition from the U.S. Department of Education. Created in 1982, the Blue Ribbon Schools Program honors public and pri-vate schools that are either academi-cally superior in their States or that demonstrate significant gains in stu-dent achievement. The schools singled out for this national recognition are models of high educational standards and accountability. The success at Fourteenth Street School is the result of two guiding phi-losophies. The first is ‘‘meet the stu-dents where they are,’’ with instruc-tion and support tailored to the strengths and needs of each individual student. The second is ‘‘all hands on deck,’’ a call for all staff members to engage with students and encourage them to achieve their full potential. One of the unique features of Four-teenth Street School is the use of every opportunity during the school day to support learning. Whether in the class-room, preparing for recess, or standing in the lunchroom, students may be par-ticipating in a math game, reciting a rhyme, or singing. The entire school eats lunch together daily, and a staff member uses this time to read aloud to students. This focus on literacy even extends to physical education classes, where the PE teacher often reads arti-cles from sports magazines to students. The impact of this dedication to indi-vidual students is evident. Over the last 5 years, average attendance ex-ceeded 95 percent, and 100 percent of students participated in at least one afterschool activity. Another important factor in the school’s success is the emphasis on building strong relationships with fam-ilies. Through schoolwide and class-room newsletters, parent meetings, parents and educators accelerating kids—PEAK—events, academic show-cases, and, most important, direct communication with teachers, parents have the opportunity to play a signifi-cant role in their children’s education. I applaud the administrators, teach-ers, staff, parents, and students of Fourteenth Street School. Together, they are succeeding in their mission to generate confidence and momentum for learning. This outstanding school is making a difference in the lives of its students, helping them to become inde-pendent, responsible learners and citi-zens. I am pleased that the U.S. De-partment of Education has selected Fourteenth Street School for this well- deserved honor, and I congratulate the entire school community for this out-standing achievement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PEGGI HANRAHAN Mr. STRANGE. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to an Alabamian who has spent more than two decades in public service, Peggi Hanrahan. Many people in Washington, DC, know Peggi as the executive assistant and gatekeeper to the former Alabama Senator, Jeff Sessions, who is now the U.S. Attorney General. For more than 20 years, Jeff Sessions has been a strong leader on the issues of legal re-form and immigration. In order to speak with Jeff Sessions on any issue, you had to go through Peggi. Peggi has earned praise from the countless people she has worked along-side throughout the years. Here are a few statements from her former col-leagues. Attorney General Sessions stated: 
Peggi has been at the center of everything we have accomplished in public service. She loves America and its ideals, is smart, deci-sive, loyal, and a total professional. She speaks up for the high principles she believes in, and for two decades has been the key point of contact in our office for thousands of Alabamians and Americans all over the Country. She has provided invaluable service to me, the Nation, and the so many who she trained and mentored. Though we will miss her marvelous contributions, we wish her all the best as she and Kevin embark on this next adventure. 
Kate Hollis, then-Senator Sessions’ former scheduler, said the following: For 14 years I had the pleasure of working side by side with Peggi for Senator Jeff Ses-sions. We were a great team and became great friends during that time. I can attest that she was one of the hardest working peo-ple in the United States Senate who always went the extra mile to assist Senator Ses-sions and our staff, as well as our constitu-ents from the great State of Alabama. 
Pete Landrum, former military legis-lative assistant under former Senator Sessions, stated: 
Peggi Hanrahan is a great colleague and friend. She is a person that can be depended on when things are good or when things are bad—it doesn’t matter. 
Danielle Cutrona, counselor to the Attorney General, said: 
Peggi is an institution in our office. Her loyalty and dedication to then-Senator, now Attorney General Sessions and to his staff has been unwavering. I am grateful to have had the opportunity to work with Peggi all these years and will miss her tremendously. 
Michael Brumas, former press sec-retary for Senator Sessions, said: 
The phrase ‘best in the business’ certainly applies to Peggi Hanrahan, who served for more than two decades as Jeff Sessions’ ex-ecutive assistant, first in the Senate and then at the Department of Justice. In many ways Peggi was the backbone of the Senate office, with a knack for solving those admin-istrative dilemmas that always crop up in a busy Senate office as well making sure the senator stuck to his active schedule—not al-ways an easy task. 
Senator Sessions’ first chief of staff in the Senate, Armand DeKyser, said the following: 
From the earliest days of Senator Ses-sions’ tenure when Peggi began sitting just outside Jeff’s transition office, she never was more than 20 feet from his desk. She was THE constant among all the many staff that worked for Senator and now Attorney Gen-eral Jeff Sessions. Her calm demeanor com-bined with a wonderful work ethic are so very vital to the successful operation of a complex staff operation. She was composed, efficient and trustworthy on the most har-ried of days—a presidential inauguration, a swearing-in, or even the fateful 9/11 day. Even on a normal day—if there is ever one of those—Peggi’s demonstrated support both up and down the ladder of responsibility was one of her best traits and one most admired by all. 
Alan Hanson, now Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, said: 
Peggi Hanrahan is a national treasure. She is both a trusted confidante and an invalu-able colleague. While she will be sorely missed by all of us, her retirement is both hard earned and well deserved. 
Paige Hanson, a former Sessions staffer, said: 
While I know the Attorney General will miss the benefit of having Peggi around, we are truly happy for her and grateful for her service and friendship. 
Stephen Boyd, former communica-tions director for Senator Sessions and now Assistant Attorney General, said: 
It is difficult to overstate the important role that Peggi played for all those years in the Senate office. If things got done, it was usually because Peggi made it happen. Her service to then-Senator and now Attorney General Sessions, the Senate, and to the peo-ple of Alabama has been tremendous. She is one of many who asked not for recognition 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06NO6.018 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7014 November 6, 2017 
or public appreciation, but only for the op-portunity to serve her country alongside a leader she respected. It was a pleasure to work with her for many years, and I cer-tainly hope that she enjoys the retirement that she has clearly earned. 
Finally, Rick Dearborn, Senator Ses-sions’ longtime chief of staff and now White House Deputy Chief of Staff, said: 
Peggi Hanrahan was an extraordinary member of Senator Sessions’ former Senate staff. She is part schoolmarm, part drill ser-geant, with a pinch of traffic cop and a spoonful of soft marshmallows all rolled into one. Indispensable in the Senator’s office, Peggi made it all run. She organized the Sen-ator’s office, our lives, his life, kept up with all our constituents and friends back home, both with personal notes she and the Senator would spend significant time on and checkup calls. She’d place those calls with his good friends back home, often early in the morn-ing and after hours. She was, along with Kate Hollis, the Senator’s scheduler, the glue that held us all together. It would have been impossible to manage the Senator’s of-fice without her. She was my Senate col-league, my teammate, and continues to be my very dear friend. I wish her and her hus-band Kevin the absolute best as they enter the next chapter of their lives, separate from the two institutions they served so well, the Senate and the House. 
On behalf of the people of Alabama, I want to join all of those who are wish-ing Peggi and Kevin a very happy re-tirement. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT COLONEL MARTA FORD ∑Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, today I wish to honor an Iowan who served bravely during the Vietnam war as an Active-Duty nurse and spent nearly three decades in the Army Reserves. LTC Marta Ford grew up in the small town of Killduff in Iowa’s Jasper Coun-ty. Her father was a World War II vet-eran who served as a bombardier, fly-ing missions over Europe. She decided to join the Army Nurse Corps at the age of 19, while still in nursing school. Ford underwent basic training in 1966 at Fort Sam Houston in Texas. Then, she was stationed at Fort Lee in Vir-ginia. Ford served as an Active Duty member of the Army Nurse Corps until 1969 and remained in the Army Re-serves until 1975. She rejoined the Re-serves in 1980 and served until retire-ment in 2004. Currently, Ford serves her local com-munity as chair of the Jasper County Commission of Veterans Affairs. In 2013, Ford became the first female com-mander at the American Legion Post 111 in Newton, IA. She is just one of the many women and Iowans who served our Nation dur-ing the Vietnam war era. All those who honorably served deserve our thanks for their service to our country. I ask my colleagues to join me as I proudly recognize LTC Marta Ford, an Iowan who dedicated her life to service and sacrifice on behalf of this great Na-tion.∑ REMEMBERING JOHN T. NOBLE AND RECOGNIZING THE MAINE VETERANS CEMETERY IN CAR-IBOU ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the significance of Maine Veterans Cemetery-Caribou and the individual and community spirit of generosity that sustains it as an hon-ored and hallowed resting place for our Nation’s veterans. Conceived in 1998, the Maine Vet-erans Cemetery in Caribou was created because of a small but determined grassroots effort in Aroostook County, ME, that I was proud to support when I was Governor of Maine and am proud today to acknowledge as Senator for Maine. A diverse team of dedicated people came together to create the Northern Maine Veterans Cemetery Corporation, NMVCC, comprised of members from various veteran service organizations, community members, and veterans themselves who knew the significance of this undertaking. Since the first concept many hands have helped develop and beautify these 46 acres which provide inground burial for 12,000 and columbarium wall niches for over 1,000 more of our honorably dis-charged veterans. But this cemetery represents so much more than a final resting place. It is fitting to include in this state-ment the name of John T. Noble, the distinguished veteran who epitomizes the efforts behind this cemetery. John would not want all the credit to go to him, and indeed there were many who worked tirelessly to make their dream come to fruition; however, it was the late John T. Noble, along with his wife Joyce, who made the first significant and lasting donation of 33 acres of his family’s land to honor veterans and their families for their service and sac-rifice. They went on to donate even more land and provide countless dona-tions to ensure this cemetery was one to be proud of. John lived by example as a person of great ethics, compassion, and generosity. He possessed these traits throughout his life as a member of the U.S. Armed Forces, a business-man, a husband, and a quiet philan-thropist who didn’t seek recognition for his good works. His motivations were never about himself but about how he could give back to others. Our veterans risk their lives in the service to our great Nation. They make countless personal sacrifices to protect freedom, and many go on to continue to find ways to serve others—like the honorable efforts of a small commu-nity in northern Maine to turn what once was farmland into a reverent final resting place for those who gave so much. It is my honor to recognize the Maine Veterans Memorial Cemetery- Caribou and to pay tribute to John and Joyce Noble. Due to the generosity they demonstrated, the northern re-gion of Maine is able to provide a prop-er final resting place for our brave vet-erans.∑ MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGES 
REPORT RELATIVE TO THE CON-TINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGI-NALLY DECLARED IN EXECU-TIVE ORDER 13712 OF NOVEMBER 22, 2015, WITH RESPECT TO BU-RUNDI—PM 19 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13712 of November 22, 2015, with respect to the situation in Burundi, is to continue in effect beyond November 22, 2017. The situation in Burundi, which has been marked by killing and other vio-lence against civilians, unrest, the in-citement of violence, and significant political repression, and which threat-ens the peace, security, and stability of Burundi and the region, continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and for-eign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13712 with respect to the situation in Burundi. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , November 6, 2017. 
f 
REPORT RELATIVE TO THE CON-TINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGI-NALLY DECLARED IN EXECU-TIVE ORDER 12170 OF NOVEMBER 14, 1979, WITH RESPECT TO IRAN—PM 20 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.021 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7015 November 6, 2017 
To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12170 of November 14, 1979, is to con-tinue in effect beyond November 14, 2017. Our relations with Iran have not yet normalized, and the process of imple-menting the agreements with Iran, dated January 19, 1981, is ongoing. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 12170 with respect to Iran. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , November 6, 2017. 
f 
REPORT RELATIVE TO THE CON-TINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGI-NALLY DECLARED IN EXECU-TIVE ORDER 12938 OF NOVEMBER 14, 1994, WITH RESPECT TO THE PROLIFERATION OF WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION—PM 21 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice, stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the proliferation of weapons of mass de-struction that was declared in Execu-tive Order 12938 of November 14, 1994, is to continue in effect beyond November 14, 2017. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , November 6, 2017. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on November 3, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the House agreed to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 304) to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act with regard to the provi-sion of emergency medical services. ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on November 3, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-lowing enrolled bill: 
H.R. 304. An act to amend the Controlled Substances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bill was signed on November 3, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 849. An act to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board. H.R. 3922. An act to extend funding for cer-tain public health programs, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 6968(a), clause 10 of rule 1, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Visitors to the United States Naval Academy: Mr. G
ALLAGHER of Wisconsin, to fill the existing vacancy thereon; Mr. C
UMMINGS of Maryland, and Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER of Maryland. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 849. An act to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board; to the Committee on Fi-nance. H.R. 3922. An act to extend funding for cer-tain public health programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on November 2, 2017, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 782. An act to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: EC–3380. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the National Credit Union Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to the Freedom of Information Act Regula-tion’’ (RIN3133–AD44) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 1, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3381. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Family Violence Prevention and Serv-ices Program for fiscal years 2013–2014; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3382. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2016 Annual Report to the Congress on the Native Hawaiian Revolving Loan Fund’’; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. WYDEN: S. 2075. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude corporations op-erating prisons from the definition of taxable REIT subsidiary; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. C
OR-
TEZ MASTO , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. K
AINE): S. 2076. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of ac-tivities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cog-nitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CASSIDY: S. 2077. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to examine the actions the Department of Homeland Security is un-dertaking to combat the threat of vehicular terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. F
LAKE ): S. 2078. A bill to maximize land manage-ment efficiencies, promote land conserva-tion, generate education funding, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 2079. A bill to promote economic secu-rity and workplace accountability for the workers of air carriers, and their subcontrac-tors, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 2080. A bill to increase the role of the fi-nancial industry in combating human traf-ficking; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. G ARD-
NER): S. 2081. A bill to amend the loan counseling requirements under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.005 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7016 November 6, 2017 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. KENNEDY: S. 2082. A bill to terminate the Diversity Immigrant Visa Program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 355 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 355, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Lands Recreation Enhancement Act to provide for a lifetime National Recreational Pass for any veteran with a service-connected disability. 
S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that merchandise arriving through the mail shall be sub-ject to review by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and to require the provision of advance electronic infor-mation on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other purposes. 
S. 540 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 540, a bill to limit the au-thority of States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties performed in other States. 
S. 563 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 563, a bill to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to re-quire that certain buildings and per-sonal property be covered by flood in-surance, and for other purposes. 
S. 591 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 591, a bill to expand eligibility for the program of comprehensive assist-ance for family caregivers of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, to ex-pand benefits available to participants under such program, to enhance special compensation for members of the uni-formed services who require assistance in everyday life, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 654 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 654, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 744 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 744, a bill to amend the Fair Credit Re-porting Act to delay the inclusion in consumer credit reports and to estab-lish requirements for debt collectors with respect to medical debt informa-tion of veterans due to inappropriate or delayed billing payments or reimburse-ments from the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. S. 778 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 778, a bill to require the use of prescription drug monitoring programs and to facilitate information sharing among States. 
S. 818 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 818, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow individuals with disabilities to save ad-ditional amounts in their ABLE ac-counts above the current annual max-imum contribution if they work and earn income. 
S. 948 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 948, a bill to designate as wilderness certain Federal portions of the red rock canyons of the Colorado Plateau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of peo-ple in the United States. 
S. 1021 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1021, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the United States Coast Guard. 
S. 1108 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1108, a bill to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first re-sponder in the line of duty. 
S. 1113 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1113, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure the safety of cosmetics. 
S. 1194 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1194, a bill to provide for the coverage of medically necessary food and vitamins for digestive and inher-ited metabolic disorders under Federal health programs and private health in-surance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1333 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1333, a bill to provide for rental assistance for home-less or at-risk Indian veterans. S. 1568 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1568, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of President John F. Kennedy. 
S. 1693 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ), the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ), the Sen-ator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1693, a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforce-ment against providers and users of interactive computer services of Fed-eral and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking. 
S. 1730 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) and the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1730, a bill to implement policies to end preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths globally. 
S. 1753 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1753, a bill to amend the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to provide a temporary license for loan originators transitioning between employers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1823 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1823, a bill to amend the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to clarify that houses of worship are eligible for certain disaster relief and emergency assistance on terms equal to other eli-gible private nonprofit facilities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1842 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1842, a bill to provide for wildfire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1970 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1970, a bill to establish a public health plan. 
S. 2006 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2006, a bill to require breast density reporting to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.008 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7017 November 6, 2017 
physicians and patients by facilities that perform mammograms, and for other purposes. 
S. 2044 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2044, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect more victims of domestic violence by preventing their abusers from pos-sessing or receiving firearms, and for other purposes. 
S. 2047 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2047, a bill to restrict the use of funds for kinetic military oper-ations in North Korea. 
S. 2060 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2060, a bill to promote democracy and human rights in Burma, and for other purposes. 
S. 2073 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2073, a bill to establish a vegetation management pilot program on National Forest System land to bet-ter protect utility infrastructure from passing wildfire, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. K
AINE): S. 2076. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the ex-pansion of activities related to Alz-heimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Dis-ease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise today with my colleague from Nevada, Senator C
ORTEZ MASTO , to introduce the Building Our Largest Dementia In-frastructure for Alzheimer’s—or BOLD—Act. I am pleased that Senator C
APITO and Senator K AINE are also joining us as original cosponsors. Our legislation would create a public health infrastructure aimed at com-bating Alzheimer’s disease and pre-serving brain health. Alzheimer’s dis-ease is one of the greatest and most under-recognized public health threats of our time. Former Surgeon General David Satcher has said that it is the most under-recognized public health threat of the 21st century. Five and a half million Americans are living with the disease, and that number will soar as our population continues to grow older and lives longer. In addition to the human suffering it causes, Alzheimer’s is our Nation’s most costly disease. The United States spends more than $259 billion per year, including $175 billion in Medicare and Medicaid costs. The financial impact of this dreadful disease will only continue to grow. In fact, it is estimated that by the year 2050, Alzheimer’s will cost our country $1 trillion and afflict 16 mil-lion Americans. While Alzheimer’s is the only one of our Nation’s most deadly diseases without an effective treatment or cure, tantalizing new research suggests that there are steps we can take to promote prevention and improve treatment. The first step we should take is to recognize Alzheimer’s as a public health crisis. It is because of public health advancements that we have safe water to drink, vaccines to prevent deadly diseases, interventions to quit smoking, and emergency preparedness tools to save lives. The effort to com-bat Alzheimer’s disease requires a similar unified, national public health effort. That effort is gaining steam. In 1999, when I founded the Bipar-tisan Congressional Task Force on Alz-heimer’s, there was virtually no focus in Washington on this devastating dis-ease. In fact, people were afraid to even refer to the disease, just as years ago people did not talk about cancer. Seven years ago, I coauthored with then-Senator Evan Bayh the bipartisan National Alzheimer’s Project Act, which set the primary goal of pre-venting and effectively treating the disease by the year 2025. That bill cre-ated an expert council, which has cal-culated that $2 billion in Federal fund-ing per year is needed to achieve that goal. On the Appropriations Committee, I have worked hard with Senator BLUNT  and others to turn the words of that recommendation into action. The fund-ing bill for this year provides another $2 billion increase for the National In-stitutes of Health, and that includes a $414 million increase for Alzheimer’s research—the largest in history. That brings the total for Alzheimer’s re-search to $1.8 billion—well within reach of the $2 billion goal, which the experts tell us is necessary for break-throughs. While this research is moving for-ward, we must put into practice what we know and enhance the quality of care and support for those living with Alzheimer’s and their families. In March, the Aging Committee, which I chair, held a hearing on the arc of Alz-heimer’s, from preventing cognitive de-cline to ensuring quality care for those living with dementia. The hearing shed light on the fact that although we do not yet know how to prevent Alz-heimer’s, we are advancing in our un-derstanding of the disease. Its progres-sion does not happen overnight; it is preceded by years and perhaps decades of changes in the brain and a con-tinuum of changes in behavior, includ-ing cognitive decline. A growing body of evidence suggests that lifestyle fac-tors, such as regular physical activity and attention to heart health, may re-duce the risk of cognitive decline. There is so much we have yet to know. Alzheimer’s is a public issue for those living with the disease, for those caring for their loved ones with the disease, for all of us as taxpayers, and for those who know that our brain is our most precious resource. Alzheimer’s exacts a tremendous personal and economic toll on families and communities. More than 40 million Americans know all too well the compassion, commitment, and endurance that it takes to be a care-giver of a loved one facing a chronic disease like Alzheimer’s. The legislation we are introducing today would apply a new public health approach to Alzheimer’s disease. It would establish Centers of Excellence in Public Health Practice dedicated to promoting effective Alzheimer’s dis-ease management and caregiving inter-ventions, as well as educating the pub-lic on the disease, cognitive decline, and brain health. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is already doing tremen-dous work to combat Alzheimer’s with-in the Public Health Road Map of the Healthy Brain Initiative. This legisla-tion would create centers of excellence across the country to implement the CDC’s Public Health Road Map. The centers would take a number of key steps against Alzheimer’s. They would work to support early detection and di-agnosis, lessen the risk of avoidable hospitalizations, reduce the risk of cog-nitive decline, enhance support to meet the needs of caregivers, reduce health disparities, and support care planning and management for those with the disease. The Centers’ activities would support health and social services pro-fessionals as well as families and com-munities. In addition to establishing the Cen-ters of Excellence in Public Health Practice, this bill would spread the op-portunity for communities across America to create the necessary core capacity to combat Alzheimer’s and to enhance existing efforts in this regard. The legislation would establish and dis-tribute cooperative agreements to pub-lic health departments to support sys-tems change, communications, and programmatic interventions. These agreements would also support the ac-tions in the CDC Healthy Brain Initia-tive’s Public Health Roadmap. Finally, at the heart of public health is data. This legislation would direct the CDC to collect data on cognitive decline, cognitive impairment, caregiving, and health disparities with-in its current systems. The bill would also create cooperative agreements for the analysis and reporting of data to ensure that the results are dissemi-nated to the public and are used, ulti-mately, to improve brain health. For far too long, we have viewed Alz-heimer’s disease as an aging issue that plagues our seniors today and threat-ens to affect many more tomorrow. In fact, the disease is far more than that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.012 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7018 November 6, 2017 
It is a public health issue with a course that we can change. If we do not take action, both in this new public health approach and by continuing to build on the research, this disease will bankrupt the Medicare and the Medicaid Pro-grams. We cannot afford to spend over $1 trillion in the year 2050 on just this one disease. We cannot afford to lose 16 million Americans by that year to this devastating disease. We cannot afford to allow the heartache and devastation of this disease to affect more and more American families. There are steps that we can take today to prevent cognitive decline and to improve the lives of those who are living with Alzheimer’s and the lives of their caregivers. This public health ap-proach is not only empowering, but it is key to avoiding the terrible impacts that I have outlined. After decades of expanding much needed biomedical research in Alz-heimer’s, we are ready for the next step—to translate research into policy. The BOLD bill would create a new, en-lightened public policy out of prom-ising research by creating the first ever national public health infrastructure for Alzheimer’s disease. I am pleased to say that the bipar-tisan bill that the Senator from Ne-vada and I have introduced, with our colleagues from Virginia and West Vir-ginia, is endorsed by the Alzheimer’s Association, the Alzheimer’s Impact Movement, the National Association of Chronic Disease Directors, and the Na-tional Association of Counties. I ask unanimous consent that their letters of support be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-marks. I urge my colleagues to support this critical and bipartisan legislation. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
ALZHEIMER ’SIMPACT MOVEMENT , Washington, DC, November 6, 2017. Hon. S
USAN COLLINS , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. S
HELLEY MOORE CAPITO , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
ATHERINE CORTEZ MASTO , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. T
IMKAINE, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATORS COLLINS , CORTEZ MASTO , C
APITO AND KAINE: On behalf of the Alz-heimer’s Association and the Alzheimer’s Impact Movement (AIM), including our na-tionwide networks of advocates, thank you for your continued leadership on issues and legislation important to Americans with Alz-heimer’s and other dementias, and to their caregivers. The Alzheimer’s Association and AIM are pleased to support the bipartisan Building Our Largest Dementia (BOLD) In-frastructure for Alzheimer’s Act, which would create an Alzheimer’s public health infrastructure across the country to imple-ment effective Alzheimer’s interventions fo-cused on public health issues such as increas-ing early detection and diagnosis, reducing risk and preventing avoidable hospitaliza-tions. More than 5 million Americans are living with Alzheimer’s and, without significant ac-tion, as many as 16 million Americans will have Alzheimer’s by 2050. Today, another person develops the disease every 66 seconds; by 2050, someone in the United States will develop the disease every 33 seconds. This ex-plosive growth will cause Alzheimer’s costs to increase from an estimated $259 billion in 2017 to $1.1 trillion in 2050 (in 2017 dollars). These mounting costs threaten to bankrupt families, businesses and our health care sys-tem. Unfortunately, our work is only grow-ing more urgent. As scientists continue to search for a way to prevent, cure, or slow the progression of Alzheimer’s through medical research, pub-lic health plays an important role in pro-moting cognitive function and reducing the risk of cognitive decline. Investing in a na-tionwide Alzheimer’s public health response will help create population-level change, achieve a higher quality of life for those liv-ing with the disease and their caregivers, and reduce associated costs. The BOLD In-frastructure for Alzheimer’s Act would pro-vide this crucial investment by establishing Alzheimer’s centers of excellence across the country and funding state, local and tribal public health departments to increase early detection and diagnosis, reduce risk, prevent avoidable hospitalizations, reduce health dis-parities, support the needs of caregivers and support care planning for people living with the disease. These important public health actions allow individuals with Alzheimer’s to live in their homes longer and delay costly institutionalized care. These goals are con-sistent with the National Plan to Address Alzheimer’s Disease, which includes a strat-egy to ‘‘work with state, tribal, and local governments to improve coordination and identify model initiatives to advance Alz-heimer’s disease and related dementias awareness and readiness across the govern-ment.’’ The BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act would also increase the collection, anal-ysis and timely reporting of Alzheimer’s data. This data is critical to identifying op-portunities for public health interventions, helping stakeholders track progress in the public health response, and enabling state and federal policymakers to make informed decisions when developing plans and policies. Finally, the bill would also strengthen im-plementation of the Center for Disease Con-trol and Prevention’s Public Health Road Map, which includes strategic action items for state and local public health departments and their partners to promote cognitive functioning, address cognitive impairment and help meet the needs of care partners. The Alzheimer’s Association and AIM deeply appreciate your continued leadership on behalf of all American’s living with Alz-heimer’s and other dementias. We look for-ward to working with you to advance this important bipartisan bill. If you have any questions about this or any other legislation, please contact Rachel Conant, Senior Direc-tor of Federal Affairs. Sincerely, R
OBERT EGGE, Chief Public Policy Of-ficer, Executive Vice President, Govern-ment Affairs, Alz-heimer’s Association. NOVEMBER 6, 2017. Hon. S
USAN COLLINS , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. S
HELLEY MOORE CAPITO , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
ATHERINE CORTEZ MASTO , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. T
IMKAINE, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATORS COLLINS , CORTEZ MASTO , C
APITO AND KAINE: On behalf of the under-signed organizations, thank you for your leadership on the important public health issues facing our nation, including the ur-gent issue of Americans with Alzheimer’s and other dementias. We are pleased to sup-port the bipartisan Building Our Largest De-mentia (BOLD) Infrastructure for Alz-heimer’s Act, which would create an Alz-heimer’s public health infrastructure across the country to implement effective interven-tions focused on public health issues such as increasing early detection and diagnosis, re-ducing risk and preventing avoidable hos-pitalizations. Former Surgeon General and Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion (CDC) Dr. David Satcher recently said, ‘‘Alzheimer’s is the most under-recognized threat to public health in the 21st century.’’ More than 5 million Americans are currently living with Alzheimer’s and, without signifi-cant action, as many as 16 million Ameri-cans will have Alzheimer’s by 2050. Today, another person develops the disease every 66 seconds; by 2050, someone in the United States will develop the disease every 33 sec-onds. This explosive growth will cause Alz-heimer’s costs to increase from an estimated $259 billion in 2017 to $1.1 trillion in 2050 (in 2017 dollars). These mounting costs threaten to bankrupt families, businesses and our health care system. Public health plays an important role in protecting the health and well-being of Americans, including promoting cognitive function and reducing the risk of cognitive decline. Investing in a nationwide Alz-heimer’s public health response will help cre-ate population-level change, achieve a higher quality of life for those living with the dis-ease and their caregivers, and reduce associ-ated costs. The BOLD Infrastructure for Alz-heimer’s Act would provide this crucial in-vestment by establishing Alzheimer’s cen-ters of excellence across the country and funding state, local and tribal public health departments to increase early detection and diagnosis, reduce risk, prevent avoidable hospitalizations, reduce health disparities, support the needs of caregivers and support care planning for people living with the dis-ease. These important public health actions allow individuals with Alzheimer’s to live in their homes longer and delay costly institu-tionalized care. The BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act would also increase the collection, anal-ysis and timely reporting of data. This data is critical to identifying opportunities for public health interventions, helping stake-holders track progress in the public health response, and enabling state and federal pol-icymakers to make informed decisions when developing plans and policies. Finally, the bill would also strengthen nationwide imple-mentation of the CDC’s Public Health Road Map, which includes strategic action items for state and local public health departments and their partners to promote cognitive functioning, address cognitive impairment and help meet the needs of care partners. We deeply appreciate your leadership on behalf of the public health community and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06NO6.007 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7019 November 6, 2017 
all American’s living with Alzheimer’s and other dementias. We look forward to work-ing with you to advance this important bi-partisan bill. Sincerely, A
LZHEIMER ’SASSOCIATION , A
LZHEIMER ’SIMPACT  M
OVEMENT , N
ATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  C
HRONIC DISEASE , D
IRECTORS , NATIONAL  A
SSOCIATION OF  C
OUNTIES . 
Ms. COLLINS. I am now very pleased to yield to the coauthor of this impor-tant bill. Senator C
ORTEZ MASTO has been an extraordinary member of the Senate Special Committee on Aging. She attends every single hearing, which is amazing, given our schedules, and she contributes so much to the de-bate and questioning in those hearings. I am delighted to join in this effort with her. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I rise to thank my colleague from Maine, whose amazing work as chair of the Aging Committee continues to in-spire me. I also rise to share a story that is very personal to me. It is a story about one of the smartest people whom I have known, my grandmother Katherine, whom I was named after. She was the daughter of an Italian immigrant and his Italian-American wife. She was ex-actly the kind of person you think of when you think of an Italian grand-mother. If you have ever had one, you know that she loves to feed people and invite the whole family—aunts, uncles, cousins, everyone—over to her house for dinner on Sunday nights. The other 6 days of the week, she worked on vol-unteer projects throughout Las Vegas with her sorority, Beta Sigma Phi. She never graduated from college, but she was a leader in our community, and she was always reading. If you walked into her house, it was full of books. In fact, the first thing that you saw when you walked into her house was, on one wall, floor to ceiling, a bookcase with all of the books that she had read. She was brilliant. She was one of my greatest inspirations. Her work in our community in Las Vegas is one of the reasons that I decided to pursue a ca-reer in public service. Unfortunately, in the 1990s, my grandmother was diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s disease. At first, you could barely notice a difference. There were small things, things that could happen to anyone—lost keys, mismatched socks, books left in odd places. Then a woman who had spent her entire life loving to cook for her family and grandchildren had suddenly stopped cooking. Over the next 10 years, she got pro-gressively worse. We could see the changes in her every single day, but our lives changed too. My grandfather became her caregiver. My mother be-came her caregiver. My aunt became her caregiver. My cousins and I and my sister all became caregivers. That is what happens when someone is diag-nosed. It does not affect just one per-son; it affects an entire family. There is a common misconception that people who are suffering from Alz-heimer’s are not aware of what they are losing, that their memories are gone but not missed. That was not the case for my grandmother. I do not think it is the case for anyone who is struggling with this disease. My grand-mother frequently had these moments of clarity when it was clear that the losses were just as painful for her as they were for all of us. One thing that happens to many peo-ple with Alzheimer’s is that they tend to wander. They wander away from home or they get lost. She had had one of those moments of clarity after she had wandered away from home one day, and the entire family had spent an afternoon looking for her in our neigh-borhood. My aunt and I had found her and had gone to pick her up in a car. I will never forget it, as I sat in the back seat while my aunt drove. My grandmother, who had been seat-ed on the front passenger’s side, asked my aunt: Why am I doing this? Why am I in my housecoat and slippers? Why am I doing this? My aunt looked at her and she said: Mom, you are sick. You have some-thing they call Alzheimer’s, and that means that it is impacting your brain and your memories, and you are forget-ting. We were so powerless. We couldn’t do anything but make her comfortable and bring her home. For many, many families who are dealing with Alzheimer’s, they have gone through those same moments— those moments when they are dealing with their loved ones either trying to explain to them what is happening or giving them comfort because they know their memories are gone, and they want to make sure they are giving them the comfort they need and they deserve. We know, unfortunately, that there is no cure for Alzheimer’s. My grand-mother passed away, as many people with Alzheimer’s do, when her illness got so bad that she lost the ability to eat or drink, but the experience of car-ing for my grandmother opened my eyes to the true impact of this disease. I saw that when one person is diag-nosed, whole families’ lives are trans-formed too. I think about my grand-mother every day. Every day, I return to some piece of wisdom or guidance that she shared with me. I am com-mitted now to honoring her memory by fighting to prevent Alzheimer’s and to provide caregivers with the support they need and deserve. When my grandmother was first diag-nosed, we did not understand Alz-heimer’s like we do today. We did not have enough healthcare programs for it or support for the caregivers. It was seen as an individual disease that struck at random, with no cure and no hope. Although there is still no cure, we know now that there are things that we can do to help to keep the brain healthy longer and possibly re-duce the risk of Alzheimer’s and that there are things that we can do now to promote prevention. For those who are already living with Alzheimer’s and for their caregivers, like my family was for my grand-mother, there are things that we can do to dramatically improve their expe-riences and to help lessen some of that burden. Today there are things we can do to invest in finding that cure for Alzheimer’s. It is just a petri dish away, but we have to believe that it is there and that we can continue and support that investment. I have visited the Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health in Las Vegas and met with its director, Dr. Jeffrey Cummings. I have seen the incredible work they have done, includ-ing their methods for the early detec-tion of Alzheimer’s, which simply did not exist only a few years ago. Yet edu-cation in the community and the spreading of best practices still lag be-hind. There is no longer any doubt that this is a public health crisis. That is why I am so grateful and proud to be sitting on a committee and working with a chairwoman, my colleague from Maine, who has made an effort here in Congress to really bring attention to Alzheimer’s disease and to help to fight for funding and investment in a cure. I am proud to join my colleagues from Maine, West Virginia, and Vir-ginia in introducing legislation that is known as the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act. This bill will create Centers of Excellence that will be dedi-cated to promoting effective interven-tions and educating the public on Alz-heimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health. It will provide grants to State and local health departments to build the infrastructure that is nec-essary to address this public health cri-sis, and it will collect the data that is necessary to keep pushing the frontiers of what we know about this disease. I urge my colleagues to support this vital, bipartisan piece of legislation that has the potential of having a posi-tive impact on millions of Americans across this country. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1579. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. J OHN-
SON(for himself and Mrs. M CCASKILL )) pro- posed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1370, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to issue Department of Homeland Security- wide guidance and develop training programs as part of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity Blue Campaign, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1579. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. J
OHNSON (for himself and Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL)) proposed an amendment to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.016 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7020 November 6, 2017 
bill H.R. 1370, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to issue Department of Homeland Security- wide guidance and develop training programs as part of the Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign Au-thorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. ENHANCED DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY COORDINATION THROUGH THE BLUE CAMPAIGN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 434. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY BLUE CAMPAIGN. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘human trafficking’ means an act or practice described in paragraph (9) or (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Department a program, which shall be known as the ‘Blue Campaign’. The Blue Campaign shall be headed by a Direc-tor, who shall be appointed by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Blue Campaign shall be to unify and coordinate Department efforts to address human traf-ficking. ‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Secretary, working through the Director, shall, in ac-cordance with subsection (e)— ‘‘(1) issue Department-wide guidance to ap-propriate Department personnel; ‘‘(2) develop training programs for such personnel; ‘‘(3) coordinate departmental efforts, in-cluding training for such personnel; and ‘‘(4) provide guidance and training on trau-ma-informed practices to ensure that human trafficking victims are afforded prompt ac-cess to victim support service providers, in addition to the government assistance re-quired under section 107 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105), to address their immediate and long- term needs. ‘‘(e) GUIDANCE AND TRAINING .—The Blue Campaign shall provide guidance and train-ing to appropriate Department personnel and other Federal, State, tribal, and law enforce-ment personnel, as appropriate regarding— ‘‘(1) programs to help identify instances of human trafficking; ‘‘(2) the types of information that should be collected and recorded in information technology systems utilized by the Depart-ment to help identify individuals suspected or convicted of human trafficking; ‘‘(3) systematic and routine information sharing within the Department and among Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforce-ment agencies regarding— ‘‘(A) individuals suspected or convicted of human trafficking; and ‘‘(B) patterns and practices of human traf-ficking; ‘‘(4) techniques to identify suspected vic-tims of trafficking along the United States border and at airport security checkpoints; ‘‘(5) methods to be used by the Transpor-tation Security Administration and per-sonnel from other appropriate agencies— ‘‘(A) to train employees of the Transpor-tation Security Administration to identify suspected victims of trafficking; and ‘‘(B) to serve as a liaison and resource re-garding human trafficking prevention to ap-propriate State, local, and private sector aviation workers and the traveling public; ‘‘(6) utilizing resources, such as indicator cards, fact sheets, pamphlets, posters, bro-chures, and radio and television campaigns— ‘‘(A) to educate partners and stakeholders; and ‘‘(B) to increase public awareness of human trafficking; ‘‘(7) leveraging partnerships with State and local governmental, nongovernmental, and private sector organizations to raise public awareness of human trafficking; and ‘‘(8) any other activities the Secretary de-termines necessary to carry out the Blue Campaign.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 433 the following: ‘‘Sec. 434. Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign.’’. 
SEC. 3. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure, in accord-ance with the Department of Homeland Se-curity-wide guidance required under section 434(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 2, the integration of in-formation technology systems utilized with-in the Department to record and track infor-mation regarding individuals suspected or convicted of human trafficking. 
SEC. 4. REPORT. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives that— (1) describes the status and effectiveness of the Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign; and (2) provides a recommendation regarding the appropriate office within the Department of Homeland Security for the Blue Cam-paign. 
SEC. 5. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated $819,000 to carry out section 434 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as added by section 2. 
h 
FOREIGN TRAVEL FINANCIAL REPORTS In accordance with the appropriate provisions of law, the Secretary of the Senate herewith submits the following re-ports for standing committees of the Senate, certain joint committees of the Congress, delegations and groups, and select and special committees of the Senate, relating to expenses incurred in the performance of authorized foreign travel: CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Paul Grove: Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 412.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 412.00 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 448.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 448.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 569.81 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 569.81 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,855.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,855.26 Paul Grove: Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 110.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 110.00 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 131.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 131.00 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 22.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 22.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,389.96 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,389.96 Tim Rieser: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,119.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,119.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,148.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,148.00 Kate Kaufer: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 1,056.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,056.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,226.67 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,226.67 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,281.50 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,281.50 John Lucio: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 1,056.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,056.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,226.67 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,226.67 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,803.05 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,803.05 Allen Cutler: Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 600.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 600.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,896.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,896.00 Jason Wheelock: Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 173.53 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 173.53 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 566.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 566.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,842.76 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,842.76 Senator Roy Blunt: Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 1,081.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,081.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.017 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7021 November 6, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 885.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 885.00 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 379.65 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 379.65 Stacy McBride: Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 1,086.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,086.00 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 339.24 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 339.24 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 885.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 885.00 Senator Thad Cochran: Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 1,081.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,081.00 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 379.65 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 379.65 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 885.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 885.00 Linda Good: Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 1,079.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,079.00 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 339.24 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 339.24 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 885.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 885.00 Laura Friedel: Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 1,079.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,079.00 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 885.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 885.00 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 339.24 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 339.24 Chris Hall: Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 1,086.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,086.00 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 885.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 885.00 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 339.24 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 339.24 Kay Webber Cochran: Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 262.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 262.00 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 342.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 342.00 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 149.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 149.00 Senator Jerry Moran: Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 47.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 47.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 564.20 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 564.20 Caroline Ross: Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 47.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 47.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 564.20 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 564.20 Michael Zamore: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 458.91 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 458.91 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 1,056.27 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,056.27 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 386.64 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 386.64 Christy Gleason: Nigeria ...................................................................................................... Naira ............. ........................................ .................... 1,299.18 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,299.18 Ghana ....................................................................................................... Cedi ............... ....................................... .................... 428.95 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 428.95 Cote D’Ivoire ............................................................................................. Euro ................. ..................................... .................... 465.60 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 465.60 Delegation Expenses:* 
Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 493.33 .................... 493.33 Delegation Expenses:* Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 287.63 .................... 287.63 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 323.38 .................... 323.38 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 6,180.00 .................... 6,180.00 Delegation Expenses:* Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 19.92 .................... 19.92 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 657.83 .................... 657.83 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 168.20 .................... 168.20 Delegation Expenses:* Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 2,726.85 .................... 2,726.85 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 3,003.91 .................... 3,003.91 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 3,829.42 .................... 3,829.42 Albania ...................................................................................................... Lek ............... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,966.00 .................... 1,966.00 Delegation Expenses:* Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 387.94 .................... 387.94 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 408.26 .................... 408.26 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 808.35 .................... 808.35 Delegation Expenses:* Ghana ....................................................................................................... Cedi ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 204.14 .................... 204.14 Gambia ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 59.31 .................... 59.31 Cote D’Ivoire ............................................................................................. Euro ................. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 1,761.40 .................... 1,761.40 Delegation Expenses:* Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 153.00 .................... 153.00 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 43.27 .................... 43.27 Delegation Expenses:* Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,035.41 .................... 1,035.41 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 586.01 .................... 586.01 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 28,705.89 .................... 37,216.53 .................... 25,10 3.56 .................... 91.025.98 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR THAD COCHRAN,Chairman, Committee on Appropriations, Oct. 26, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John McCain: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,827.28 .................... . ................... .................... 15,827.28 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 232.58 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 232.58 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 25.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 25.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 21.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 21.00 Christian Brose: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,122.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,122.26 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 345.95 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 345.95 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 25.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 25.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 19.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 19.00 Truman Anderson: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,122.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,122.26 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 345.95 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 345.95 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 25.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 25.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 19.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 19.00 Senator David Perdue: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,715.26 .................... . ................... .................... 12,715.26 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.022 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7022 November 6, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 345.95 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 345.95 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 25.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 25.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 19.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 19.00 Caitlin Poling: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,122.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,122.26 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 345.95 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 345.95 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 85.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 85.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 19.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 19.00 Senator Lindsey Graham: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,715.26 .................... . ................... .................... 12,715.26 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 405.68 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 405.68 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 25.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 25.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 19.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 19.00 Senator Elizabeth Warren: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,715.26 .................... . ................... .................... 12,715.26 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 402.68 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 402.68 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 25.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 25.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 19.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 19.00 Sasha Baker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,122.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,122.26 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 345.10 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 345.10 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 25.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 25.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 19.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 19.00 Delegation Expenses:* United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... 328.89 .................... ............ ........ .................... 328.89 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... 226.89 .................... 1,9 58.17 .................... 2,185.06 Senator Roger Wicker: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 639.30 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 639.30 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,071.02 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,071.02 Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 1,195.02 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,195.02 Theda Khrestin: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 450.14 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 450.14 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 572.61 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 572.61 Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 826.66 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 826.66 Delegation Expenses:* Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 2,070.24 .................... 2,070.24 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 518.85 .................... 695.71 .................... 1,214.56 Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 3,763.47 .................... 3,763.47 Jonathan Epstein: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,076.66 .................... .
................... .................... 12,076.66 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 202.24 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 202.24 Daniel Lerner: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 23,114.76 .................... . ................... .................... 23,114.76 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 1,904.70 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,904.70 New Zealand ............................................................................................. Dollar ................. ................................... .................... 425.99 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 425.99 Adam Barker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,698.90 .................... . ................... .................... 14,698.90 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 1,502.32 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,502.32 Delegation Expenses: * Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 318.00 .................... . ................... .................... 318.00 New Zealand ............................................................................................. Dollar ................. ................................... .................... .................... .................... 657.53 .................... ..... ............... .................... 657.53 Jonathan Epstein: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 26,481.59 .................... . ................... .................... 26,481.59 Uzbekistan ................................................................................................ So’m ................. .................................... .................... 748.24 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 748.24 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 1,106.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,106.00 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Pound ............... .................................... .................... 100.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 100.00 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 440.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 440.00 New Zealand ............................................................................................. Dollar ................. ................................... .................... 350.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 350.00 Delegation Expenses: * Uzbekistan ................................................................................................ So’m ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... 185.16 .................... 294. 84 .................... 480.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 1,365.18 .................. .. 1,711.30 .................... 3.076.48 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Pound ............... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 6,581.49 .................... 6,581.49 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,098.00 ................... . .................... .................... 1,098.00 New Zealand ............................................................................................. Dollar ................. ................................... .................... .................... .................... 709.79 .................... 93.48  .................... 803.27 Senator Tom Cotton: Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 1,370.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,370.01 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 882.36 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 882.36 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 332.13 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 332.13 Alex Wong: Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 1,365.23 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,365.23 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 890.65 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 890.65 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 323.53 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 323.53 Senator Thom Tillis: Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 1,370.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,370.01 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 854.04 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 854.04 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 332.13 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 332.13 Chad Rhoades: Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 1,370.01 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,370.01 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 835.51 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 835.51 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ...............
....................................... .................... 323.53 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 323.53 Delegation Expenses: * Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... 462.57 .................... 1,37 6.57 .................... 1,839.14 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,055.42 ................... . 1,445.43 .................... 2,500.85 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 271.43 .................... 1 ,397.88 .................... 1,669.31 Albania ...................................................................................................... Lek ............... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 561.71 .................... 561.71 Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,678.86 .................... . ................... .................... 10,678.86 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound Sterling ........... ........................... .................... 1,443.22 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 1,443.22 Delegation Expenses: * United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound Sterling ........... ........................... .................... .................... .................... 2,615.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 2,615.00 Senator Elizabeth Warren: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,528.36 .................... . ................... .................... 11,528.36 Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 233.72 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 233.72 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 212.73 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 212.73 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 221.22 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 221.22 Jon Donenberg: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,923.20 .................... . ................... .................... 12,923.20 Poland ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 242.46 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 242.46 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 200.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 200.87 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 213.45 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 213.45 Delegation Expenses: * Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,121.18 .................... 1,121.18 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 1,218.97 .................. .. .................... .................... 1,218.97 Mariah McNamara: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,509.86 .................... . ................... .................... 12,509.86 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.022 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7023 November 6, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Cote d’Ivoire ............................................................................................. Franc ................ .................................... .................... 351.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 351.00 Ghana ....................................................................................................... Cedi ............... ....................................... .................... 711.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 711.00 Liberia ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 290.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 290.00 Delegation Expenses: * Ghana ....................................................................................................... Cedi ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 224.23 .................... . ................... .................... 224.23 Jason Potter: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,698.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,698.86 Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 1,184.14 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,184.14 Delegation Expenses: * Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 83.64 .................... 36 5.48 .................... 449.12 Will Quinn: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,468.16 .................... . ................... .................... 14,468.16 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 512.16 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 512.16 Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 393.53 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 393.53 Delegation Expenses: * Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 41.82 .................... 41.82 Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 263.05 .................... 263.05 Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,580.20 .................... . ................... .................... 13,580.20 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 86.37 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 86.37 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 228.83 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 228.83 Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... 85.80 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 85.80 Bulgaria .................................................................................................... Lev ................ ........................................ .................... 240.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 240.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 129.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 129.50 William G.P. Monahan: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,814.56 .................... . ................... .................... 14,814.56 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 86.37 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 86.37 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 228.83 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 228.83 Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... 85.80 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 85.80 Bulgaria .................................................................................................... Lev ................ ........................................ .................... 240.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 240.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 129.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 129.50 Delegation Expenses: * Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 59.36 .................... 59.36 Bulgaria .................................................................................................... Lev ................ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 86.80 .................... 86.80 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 108.40 .................... 32.45 .................... 140.85 Senator Gary Peters: Ghana ....................................................................................................... Cedi ............... ....................................... .................... 353.14 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 353.14 Nigeria ...................................................................................................... Naira ............. ........................................ .................... 1,274.47 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,274.47 Cote d’Ivoire ............................................................................................. Franc ................ .................................... .................... 581.89 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 581.89 Bentley Johnson: Ghana ....................................................................................................... Cedi ...............
....................................... .................... 387.98 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 387.98 Nigeria ...................................................................................................... Naira ............. ........................................ .................... 876.39 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 876.39 Cote d’Ivoire ............................................................................................. Franc ................ .................................... .................... 614.76 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 614.76 Delegation Expenses: * Nigeria ...................................................................................................... Naira ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 385.60 .................... 385.60 Cote d’Ivoire ............................................................................................. Franc ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 2,544.42 .................... 2,544.42 Senator Lindsey Graham: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,205.50 .................... . ................... .................... 16,205.50 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 2,657.32 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 2,657.32 Delegation Expenses: * Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... 431.14 ................. ... 234.36 .................... 665.50 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 708.88 .................... 708.88 Senator John McCain: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,956.28 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,956.28 Christian Brose: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 968.14 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 968.14 Truman Anderson: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 968.14 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 968.14 Dustin Walker: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,160.95 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,160.95 Delegation Expenses: * Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,424.18 ............... ..... 4,184.00 .................... 7,608.18 
Totals ................................................................................................... ...................... ......................................... .................... 44,517.18 .................... 286,544.84 .................... 31,97 7.69 .................... 363,039.71 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN McCAIN,Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Oct. 25, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Isaac Edwards: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,495.64 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,495.64 Marshall Islands ....................................................................................... Dollar .................. .................................. .................... 407.80 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 407.80 Micronesia States ..................................................................................... Dollar ................... ................................. .................... 568.81 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 568.81 David Gillers: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,495.64 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,495.64 Marshall Islands ....................................................................................... Dollar .................. .................................. .................... 456.30 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 456.30 Micronesia States ..................................................................................... Dollar ................... ................................. .................... 689.50 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 689.50 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 2,122.41 .................... 12,991.28 .................... ...... .............. .................... 15,113.69 
SENATOR LISA MURKOWSKI, Chairman, Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, Oct. 18, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.022 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7024 November 6, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC WORKS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Mark Appleton: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 615.42 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 615.42 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 1,181.27 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,181.27 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 309.02 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 309.02 Delegation Expenses: * South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 408.27 .................... 408.27 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 808.36 .................... 808.36 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 2,105.71 .................... .................... ................ .... 1,216.63 .................... 3,322.34 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN BARRASSO, Chairman, Committee on Environment and Public Works, Oct. 30, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FINANCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Michael Bennet: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 571.30 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 571.30 El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 141.85 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 141.85 Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 362.33 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 362.33 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,737.89 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,737.89 Maria Mahler-Haug: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 571.30 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 571.30 El Salvador ............................................................................................... Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 141.85 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 141.85 Honduras ................................................................................................... Lempira ............. ................................... .................... 197.78 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 197.78 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,354.91 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,354.91 Delegation Expenses: * United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 5,135.60 .................... 5,135.60 Senator Michael Bennet: Ghana ....................................................................................................... Cedi ............... ....................................... .................... 342.53 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 342.53 Nigeria ...................................................................................................... Naira ............. ........................................ .................... 1,124.06 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,124.06 Cote D’Ivoire ............................................................................................. CFA Franc ............ ................................. .................... 557.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 557.00 Maria Mahler-Haug: Ghana ....................................................................................................... Cedi ............... ....................................... .................... 371.44 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 371.44 Nigeria ...................................................................................................... Naira ............. ........................................ .................... 732.99 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 732.99 Cote D’Ivoire ............................................................................................. CFA Franc ............ ................................. .................... 543.02 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 543.02 Shane Warren: Togo .......................................................................................................... CFA Franc ........ ..................................... .................... 596.44 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 596.44 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,865.56 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,865.56 Rory Heslington: Togo .......................................................................................................... CFA Franc ........ ..................................... .................... 525.44 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 525.44 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,865.56 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,865.56 Anderson Heiman: Togo .......................................................................................................... CFA Franc ........ ..................................... .................... 610.91 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 610.91 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,865.56 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,865.56 Christopher Armstrong: China ........................................................................................................ Yuan .............. ....................................... .................... 1,207.71 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,207.71 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 872.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 872.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,464.26 .................... . ................... .................... 12,464.26 Shane Warren: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 481.63 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 481.63 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,486.09 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,486.09 Douglas Petersen: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,006.58 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,006.58 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,096.59 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,096.59 Jayme White: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,007.25 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,007.25 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,240.49 .................... ..
.................. .................... 3,240.49 Elissa Alben: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 607.30 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 607.30 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,240.49 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,240.49 Delegation Expenses: * United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 73.00 .................... 73.00 Christopher Campbell: Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,147.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,147.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,603.56 .................... . ................... .................... 17,603.56 A. Jay Khosla: Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,059.60 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,059.60 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,234.46 .................... . ................... .................... 14,234.46 Shane Warren: Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,102.78 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,102.78 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,909.56 .................... . ................... .................... 13,909.56 Delegation Expenses: * United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 481.00 .................... 481.00 Jayme White: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 910.77 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 910.77 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,820.96 .................... . ................... .................... 12,820.96 Shane Warren: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,139.07 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,139.07 Douglas Petersen: Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,234.17 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,234.17 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,132.22 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,132.22 Jayme White: Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,232.89 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,232.89 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,111.02 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,111.02 Elissa Alben: Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 642.33 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 642.33 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,111.02 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,111.02 Greta Peisch: Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,263.32 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,263.32 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,136.72 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,136.72 Delegation Expenses: * United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 105.00 .................... 105.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.022 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7025 November 6, 2017 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 21,165.57 .................... 133,929.90 .................... 5,79 4.60 .................... 160,890.07 
* Delegation Expenses include Embassy overtime, Security, transportation, as well as official expenses in accordance with the re sponsibilities of the host country. SENATOR ORRIN HATCH,Chairman, Committee on Finance, Oct. 29, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Christopher Coons: Ghana ....................................................................................................... Cedi ............... ....................................... .................... 435.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 435.00 Nigeria ...................................................................................................... Naira ............. ........................................ .................... 1,144.77 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,144.77 Cote d’Ivoire ............................................................................................. Franc ................ .................................... .................... 550.89 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 550.89 Thomas Mancinelli: Ghana ....................................................................................................... Cedi ............... ....................................... .................... 425.33 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 425.33 Nigeria ...................................................................................................... Naira ............. ........................................ .................... 731.88 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 731.88 Cote d’Ivoire ............................................................................................. Franc ................ .................................... .................... 676.51 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 676.51 Delegation Expenses:* Ghana ....................................................................................................... Cedi ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 627.99 .................... 627.99 Cote d’Ivoire ............................................................................................. Franc ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 2,129.70 .................... 2,129.70 Gambia ..................................................................................................... Dalasi .............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 1,008.35 .................... 1,008.35 Senator Ron Johnson: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 242.10 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 242.10 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 217.68 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 217.68 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 166.49 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 166.49 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 205.71 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 205.71 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,389.16 .................... . ................... .................... 12,389.16 Lydia Westlake: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 233.15 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 233.15 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 217.68 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 217.68 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 162.93 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 162.93 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 206.91 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 206.91 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,800.16 .................... . ................... .................... 10,800.16 Delegation Expenses:* Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 23.00 .................... 23.00 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,367.00 .................... 1,367.00 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 973.49 .................... 973.49 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 2,480.00 .................... 2,480.00 Senator Ed Markey: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 533.91 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 533.91 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 1,245.15 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,245.15 China ........................................................................................................ Yuan Renminbi ..... ................................ .................... 461.64 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 461.64 Phillip McGovern: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 533.91 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 533.91 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 1,181.27 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,181.27 China ........................................................................................................ Yuan Renminbi ..... ................................ .................... 309.02 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 309.02 Senator Jeff Merkley: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 452.70 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 452.70 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 1,265.65 .................... .................... .................
... .................... .................... 1,265.65 China ........................................................................................................ Yuan Renminbi ..... ................................ .................... 456.43 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 456.43 Jeremiah Baumann: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 418.32 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 418.32 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 1,162.50 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,162.50 China ........................................................................................................ Yuan Renminbi ..... ................................ .................... 422.05 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 422.05 Delegation Expenses:* Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,548.58 .................... 1,548.58 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,633.04 .................... 1,633.04 China ........................................................................................................ Yuan Renminbi ..... ................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 3,233.42 .................... 3,233.42 Brooke Eisele: France ....................................................................................................... Euros ............. ....................................... .................... 717.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 717.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 1,012.32 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,012.32 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,340.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,340.26 Grant Mullins: France ....................................................................................................... Euros ............. ....................................... .................... 717.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 717.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 988.32 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 988.32 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,340.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,340.26 Delegation Expenses:* France ....................................................................................................... Euros ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 698.00 .................... 698.00 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 334.62 .................... 334.62 Heather Flynn: Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 745.28 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 745.28 Sudan ........................................................................................................ Pound ............. ...................................... .................... 414.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 414.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,225.28 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,225.28 Delegation Expenses:* Sudan ........................................................................................................ Pound ............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 351.00 .................... 351.00 Caleb McCarry: Uzbekistan ................................................................................................ Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 940.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 940.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,896.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,896.36 Sarah Downs: Uzbekistan ................................................................................................ Dollar ............... ..................................... .................... 889.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 889.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,896.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,896.36 Damian Murphy: Serbia ........................................................................................................ Serbian Dinar .... ................................... .................... 865.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 865.00 Bosnia ....................................................................................................... Bosnian Mark ...... ................................. .................... 464.43 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 464.43 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,553.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,553.86 Megan Bartley: Serbia ........................................................................................................ Serbian Dinar .... ................................... .................... 819.27 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 819.27 Bosnia ....................................................................................................... Bosnian Mark ...... ................................. .................... 443.40 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 443.40 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,553.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,553.86 Delegation Expenses:* Serbia ........................................................................................................ Serbian Dinar ....
................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 416.00 .................... 416.00 Stacie Oliver: Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 604.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 604.00 Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 692.64 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 692.64 Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dinar .............. ....................................... .................... 363.33 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 363.33 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,981.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,981.00 Delegation Expenses:* Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 153.49 .................... 153.49 David Andrew Olson: Singapore .................................................................................................. Singapore Dollar .... ............................... .................... 1,087.31 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,087.31 Thailand .................................................................................................... Thai Baht .......... ................................... .................... 470.97 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 470.97 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,072.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,072.46 Scott Richardson: Singapore .................................................................................................. Singapore Dollar .... ............................... .................... 1,042.45 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,042.45 Thailand .................................................................................................... Thai Baht .......... ................................... .................... 449.92 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 449.92 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,072.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,072.46 Jim Greene: Singapore .................................................................................................. Singapore Dollar .... ............................... .................... 1,246.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,246.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.022 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7026 November 6, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Thailand .................................................................................................... Thai Baht .......... ................................... .................... 470.97 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 470.97 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,072.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,072.46 Delegation Expenses:* Singapore .................................................................................................. Singapore Dollar .... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 656.00 .................... 656.00 Thailand .................................................................................................... Thai Baht .......... ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 114.35 .................... 114.35 Michael Schiffer: Singapore .................................................................................................. Singapore Dollar .... ............................... .................... 1,077.33 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,077.33 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,741.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,741.86 
Totals ................................................................................................... ...................... ......................................... .................... 30,579.52 .................... 66,935.80 .................... 17,748 .03 .................... 115,263.35 
*Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR BOB CORKER, Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, Oct. 23, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 3, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Brooke Ericson: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 959.16 .................... .... ................ .................... 959.16 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 831.60 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 831.60 Daniel Lips: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 926.56 .................... .... ................ .................... 926.56 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 803.49 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 803.49 Julie Klein: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 957.26 .................... .... ................ .................... 957.26 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 855.60 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 855.60 Nicholas Rawls: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 957.26 .................... .... ................ .................... 957.26 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 855.60 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 855.60 Delegation Expenses: * United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 970.00 .................... 970.00 Jose Bautista: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,108.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,108.36 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 884.32 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 884.32 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,213.09 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,213.09 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 902.29 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 902.29 Caitlin Warner: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,410.96 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,410.96 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 783.02 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 783.02 Jennifer Selde: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,470.76 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,470.76 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,114.69 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,114.69 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 778.85 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 778.85 Charles Moskowitz: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,470.76 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,470.76 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,076.71 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,076.71 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 769.63 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 769.63 Delegation Expenses: * China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,878.62 .................... 1,878.62 Delegation Expenses: * Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 3,147.00 .................... 3,147.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 10,868.89 .................... 13,261.08 .................... 5,995 .62 .................... 30,125.59 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR RON JOHNSON, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, Oct. 20, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Sheldon Whitehouse: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 21,560.26 .................... . ................... .................... 21,560.26 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 402.68 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 402.68 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 25.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 25.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 19.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 19.00 Christopher Mewett: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,087.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,087.26 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 345.95 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 345.95 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... 25.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 25.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 19.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 19.00 Delegation Expenses:* United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 582.77 .................... 582.77 Pakistan .................................................................................................... Rupee .............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... 45.38 .................... 391. 63 .................... 437.01 Senator John Cornyn: Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 1,015.89 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,015.89 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 746.81 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 746.81 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 312.86 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 312.86 Donald Bergin: Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 1,086.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,086.00 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 885.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 885.00 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 339.23 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 339.23 Delegation Expenses:* Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... 215.87 .................... 642. 40 .................... 858.27 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.022 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7027 November 6, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 492.53 .................... 6 74.53 .................... 1,167.06 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 126.75 .................... 6 52.34 .................... 779.09 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 5,222.42 .................... 28,528.05 .................... 2,943. 67 .................... 36,694.14 
*Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR CHUCK GRASSLEY,Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Oct. 27, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Susan Collins ....................................................................................... ................... ............................................ .................... 981.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 981.00 ............................................................... .................... 822.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 822.00 ............................................................... .................... 379.64 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 379.64 Ryan Kaldahl ..................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 979.00 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 979.00 ............................................................... .................... 843.51 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 843.51 ............................................................... .................... 339.24 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 339.24 John Matchison .................................................................................................. ............... ................................................ .................... 552.30 .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... 552.30 ............................................................... .................... 1,389.49 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,389.49 ............................................................... .................... 408.65 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 408.65 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,2 75.76 .................... .................... .................... 15,275.76 Jongsun Kim ...................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 552.29 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 552.29 ............................................................... .................... 1,381.49 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,381.49 ............................................................... .................... 408.66 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 408.66 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,2 75.76 .................... .................... .................... 15,275.76 Delegation Expenses * ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 371.90 .................... 371.90 Senator Ron Wyden ........................................................................................... ................... ............................................ .................... 1,119.77 .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... 1,119.77 ............................................................... .................... 1,343.71 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,343.71 ............................................................... .................... 1,782.71 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,782.71 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,6 78.26 .................... .................... .................... 12,678.26 Ben Widness ...................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 1,019.77 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 1,019.77 ............................................................... .................... 1,208,10 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,208.10 ............................................................... .................... 1,626.74 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,626.74 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,7 02.26 .................... .................... .................... 11,702.26 Isaiah Akin ......................................................................................................... ........... .................................................... .................... 1,119.77 .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,119.77 ............................................................... .................... 1,308,10 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,308.10 ............................................................... .................... 1,782.71 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,782.71 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,7 36.76 .................... .................... .................... 11,736.76 Delegation Costs * ............................................................................................. ................. .............................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... . ................... 21,101.76 .................... 21,101.76 Ryan White ........................................................................................................ ............. .................................................. .................... 608.25 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 608.25 ............................................................... .................... 624.83 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 624.83 ............................................................... .................... 611.01 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 611.01 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 15,593.18 .................... .................... 15,593.18 Brian Walsh ....................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 608.25 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 608.25 ............................................................... .................... 624.83 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 624.83 ............................................................... .................... 626.01 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 626.01 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 15,593.18 .................... .................... 15,593.18 Delegation Expenses * ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 56.1 8 .................... .................... 56.18 Senator Richard Burr ........................................................................................ ................... ............................................ .................... 1,007.55 .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... 1,007.55 ............................................................... .................... 860.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 860.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,9 05.46 .................... .................... .................... 10.905.46 Chris Joyner ....................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 1,007.55 .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... 1,007.55 ............................................................... .................... 544.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 544.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,46 7.96 .................... .................... .................... 9,467.96 Christian Cook ................................................................................................... ..............
................................................. .................... 1,007.55 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 1,007.55 ............................................................... .................... 860.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 860.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,46 7.06 .................... .................... .................... 9,467.96 Delegation Expenses * ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 600.00 .................... 600.00 Senator John Cornyn .......................................................................................... .................. ............................................. .................... 412.32 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 412.32 ............................................................... .................... 704.18 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 704.18 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,97 7.66 .................... .................... .................... 6,977.66 Dave Hanke ....................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 837.54 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 837.54 ............................................................... .................... 704.18 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 704.18 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,35 5.16 .................... .................... .................... 6,355.16 Delegation Expenses * ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 1,735.65 .................... 1,735.65 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 32,996.70 .................... 141,029.36 .................... 23,8 65.49 .................... 197,891.55 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR RICHARD BURR,Chairman, Committee on Intelligence, Oct. 27, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Roger Wicker: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 1,871.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,871.00 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,120.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,120.00 Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 1,137.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,137.00 Ambassador David Killion: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 969.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 969.00 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,120.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,120.00 Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 1,416.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,416.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,729.56 .................... . ................... .................... 11,729.56 Paul Massaro: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 821.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 821.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.022 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7028 November 6, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 716.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 716.00 Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 852.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 852.00 Jordan Warlick: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 821.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 821.00 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 716.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 716.00 Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 852.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 852.00 Alex Tiersky: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 821.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 821.00 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 716.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 716.00 Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 852.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 852.00 Everett Price: Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 821.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 821.00 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 716.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 716.00 Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 852.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 852.00 Bob Hand: Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 1,988.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,988.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,294.96 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,294.96 Scott Rauland: Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 1,704.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,704.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,419.26 .................... . ................... .................... 11,419.26 Delegation Expenses: * Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 7,245.84 .................... 7,245.84 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 4,190.00 .................... 4,190.00 Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 17,054.35 .................... 17,054.35 Ambassador David Killion: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 2,646.67 .................... 9,827.46 .................... ........ ............ .................... 12,474.13 Erika Schlager: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 3,450.67 .................... 11,630.36 .................... ....... ............. .................... 15,081.03 Janice Helwig: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 3,450.67 .................... 1,114.30 .................... ........ ............ .................... 4,564.97 Jordan Warlick: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 2,646.67 .................... 9,827.46 .................... ........ ............ .................... 12,474.13 Mischa Thompson: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 2,512.67 .................... 11,748.26 .................... ....... ............. .................... 14,260.93 Everett Price: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 2,378.67 .................... 1,651.16 .................... ........ ............ .................... 4,029.83 Scott Rauland: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 2,378.67 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 2,378.67 Germany .................................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... 1,320.31 .................... 13,323.26 .................... ..... ............... .................... 14,643.57 Delegation Expenses: * Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 4,835.21 .................... 4,835.21 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 322.97 .................... 322.97 Erika Schlager: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 931.50 .................... 12,230.36 .................... ..........
.......... .................... 13,161.86 Delegation Expenses: * Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 98.70 .................... 98.70 Ambassador David Killion: Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 2,096.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 2,096.00 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,911.00 .................... 12,943.96 .................... ........ ............ .................... 14,854.96 Paul Massaro: Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 2,096.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 2,096.00 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,911.00 .................... 12,938.86 .................... ........ ............ .................... 14,849.86 Delegation Expenses: * Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 342.27 .................... 342.27 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 3,738.00 .................... 3,738.00 Paul Massaro: Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 1,720.59 .................... 10,589.66 .................... ................ .... .................... 12,310.25 Delegation Expenses: * Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 40.00 .................... 40.00 Alex Tiersky: Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 711.00 .................... 11,529.06 .................... ........... ......... .................... 12,240.06 Delegation Expenses: * Belarus ...................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 4.08 .................... 4.08 Janice Helwig: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 24,684.00 .................... 6,146.88 .................... ........ ............ .................... 30,830.88 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 77,727.09 .................... 152,944.82 .................... 37,8 71.42 .................... 268,543.33 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR ROGER WICKER, Chairman, Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, Oct. 17, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), MAJORITY LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017. 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Thomas Hawkins: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,048.96 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,048.96 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 521.00 .................... 415.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... 936.50 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 991.55 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 991.55 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,512.55 .................... 9,464.46 .................... ....... ............. .................... 10,977.01 
SENATOR MITCH McCONNELL,Majority Leader, Sept. 28, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.022 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7029 November 6, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), DEMOCRATIC LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM JULY 1 TO SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Michael Kuiken: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,693.11 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,693.11 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 716.62 .................... .................... .................... 640. 48 .................... 1,357.10 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 425.15 .................... .................... .................... 1,487.09 .................... 1,912.24 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,141.77 .................... 1,693.11 .................... 2,127.5 7 .................... 4,962.45 
SENATOR CHARLES E. SCHUMER,Democratic Leader, Oct. 18, 2017. h 
TSP MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 3031, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3031) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for flexibility in making withdrawals from a Thrift Savings Plan account, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 3031) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-CURITY BLUE CAMPAIGN AU-THORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1370 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1370) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to issue Department of Homeland Security-wide guidance and de-velop training programs as part of the De-partment of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the John-son-McCaskill substitute amendment be considered and agreed to and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 1579) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign Au-thorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. ENHANCED DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY COORDINATION THROUGH THE BLUE CAMPAIGN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 434. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY BLUE CAMPAIGN. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘human trafficking’ means an act or practice described in paragraph (9) or (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Department a program, which shall be known as the ‘Blue Campaign’. The Blue Campaign shall be headed by a Direc-tor, who shall be appointed by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Blue Campaign shall be to unify and coordinate Department efforts to address human traf-ficking. ‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Secretary, working through the Director, shall, in ac-cordance with subsection (e)— ‘‘(1) issue Department-wide guidance to ap-propriate Department personnel; ‘‘(2) develop training programs for such personnel; ‘‘(3) coordinate departmental efforts, in-cluding training for such personnel; and ‘‘(4) provide guidance and training on trau-ma-informed practices to ensure that human trafficking victims are afforded prompt ac-cess to victim support service providers, in addition to the government assistance re-quired under section 107 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105), to address their immediate and long- term needs. ‘‘(e) G
UIDANCE AND TRAINING .—The Blue Campaign shall provide guidance and train-ing to appropriate Department personnel and other Federal, State, tribal, and law enforce-ment personnel, as appropriate regarding— ‘‘(1) programs to help identify instances of human trafficking; ‘‘(2) the types of information that should be collected and recorded in information technology systems utilized by the Depart-ment to help identify individuals suspected or convicted of human trafficking; ‘‘(3) systematic and routine information sharing within the Department and among Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforce-ment agencies regarding— ‘‘(A) individuals suspected or convicted of human trafficking; and ‘‘(B) patterns and practices of human traf-ficking; ‘‘(4) techniques to identify suspected vic-tims of trafficking along the United States border and at airport security checkpoints; ‘‘(5) methods to be used by the Transpor-tation Security Administration and per-sonnel from other appropriate agencies— ‘‘(A) to train employees of the Transpor-tation Security Administration to identify suspected victims of trafficking; and ‘‘(B) to serve as a liaison and resource re-garding human trafficking prevention to ap-propriate State, local, and private sector aviation workers and the traveling public; ‘‘(6) utilizing resources, such as indicator cards, fact sheets, pamphlets, posters, bro-chures, and radio and television campaigns— ‘‘(A) to educate partners and stakeholders; and ‘‘(B) to increase public awareness of human trafficking; ‘‘(7) leveraging partnerships with State and local governmental, nongovernmental, and private sector organizations to raise public awareness of human trafficking; and ‘‘(8) any other activities the Secretary de-termines necessary to carry out the Blue Campaign.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 433 the following: ‘‘Sec. 434. Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign.’’. 
SEC. 3. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure, in accord-ance with the Department of Homeland Se-curity-wide guidance required under section 434(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 2, the integration of in-formation technology systems utilized with-in the Department to record and track infor-mation regarding individuals suspected or convicted of human trafficking. 
SEC. 4. REPORT. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives that— (1) describes the status and effectiveness of the Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign; and (2) provides a recommendation regarding the appropriate office within the Department of Homeland Security for the Blue Cam-paign. 
SEC. 5. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated $819,000 to carry out section 434 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as added by section 2. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO6.022 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7030 November 6, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (H.R. 1370), as amended, was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Novem-ber 7; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for debate only until 11 a.m., at which point the Senate proceed to ex-ecutive session and consideration of the Gibson nomination under the pre-vious order; finally, that the Senate re-cess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly caucus meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator D
URBIN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Illinois. 
f 
WISHING SENATOR PAUL WELL Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, let me first say at the outset that many of us have extended well wishes to our col-league, Senator P
AUL, who was injured over the weekend. We wish him a speedy recovery and hope that he re-turns soon. He is an important part of the Senate and an important colleague to those of us on both sides of the aisle. 
f 
TEXAS CHURCH MASS SHOOTING Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, yester-day there was another gun massacre and horrible circumstances. I know the Presiding Officer came to the floor ear-lier today to say a word about his feel-ings and the feelings of his family. They are shared by all of us. It is heartbreaking to think that some per-son so demented, so unusual would come into a worship setting and kill in-nocent people. Yesterday, in Sutherland Springs, Texas, at least 26 people were killed and 20 others were wounded when a gunman opened fire in the sanctuary of the First Baptist Church. The reported shooter, Devin Kelley, used an assault rifle to commit this mass murder. The victims range in age from 18 months to 77 years. About a dozen of those who were killed were children, including the daughter of the church’s pastor. This is heartbreaking. Our nation grieves for the victims and their loved ones. The shooter reportedly drove up to the church wearing a bulletproof vest and tactical gear, and he began firing in the parking lot before entering the church. At some point, a local resident who lived near the church began firing back. The shooter then drove off, with two residents in pursuit, eventually crashing his car. He was found dead from a gunshot wound, which may have been self-inflicted. President Trump and others have said that this exchange of fire with citizens responding saved lives and shows that the policy response to the shooting should be to arm more good guys with guns. Let us not forget that 46 people were shot before these citi-zens came on the scene. This reported shooter, 26 years old, had served in the U.S. Air Force from 2010 until 2014, working on logistics readiness. In 2012 he was court- martialed for two counts of assault on his then-wife and child. He was sen-tenced to confinement for 12 months. He received a bad conduct discharge in 2014. He remarried in 2014, and had worked as an unarmed security guard at a water park. He reportedly bought four guns, one each year from 2014 to 2017, and three of those weapons—the assault rifle that he used in this crime and two handguns—were found at the scene. Local law enforcement said that the shooter was likely motivated by a do-mestic situation. His wife’s grand-mother was one of the victims. There are so many things that come to mind. First and foremost is the grief and sorrow we all feel for the families who were affected. It is so sad that when people go to church on Sunday, they are not safe from gun violence and gun massacres, which are occurring way too frequently across the United States. Just over two years ago, nine people were killed by a gunman in the Charleston Emanuel AME Church. And just last month we saw the worst mass shooting in modern American history in Las Vegas, with 58 people murdered and over 500 wounded. In Chicago, at least 29 people were shot, five fatally, over this past weekend. There are things that we need to do, and that only we can do in Congress, to make the laws better and safer. I respect the Second Amendment. I respect the fact that there are men and women in my family, friends, and peo-ple I represent across Illinois who own guns and use them safely and respon-sibly. We have sportsmen and hunters in my family. We have people who buy guns for sporting purposes and for self- defense. They store the guns carefully and safely. They take very seriously that they are dealing with a deadly weapon. They don’t want anyone inno-cent to be hurt. I respect that very much. I think we all should. But I also call on them now. They need to lead us into a more sensible policy when it comes to gun safety. Owners of firearms, overwhelmingly, when asked, believe we should have comprehensive background checks to keep guns out of the hands of those who misuse them. Overwhelmingly, a majority of gun owners feel that way, as most Americans feel. Why can’t we do that? We certainly know it is within our power. In my State of Illinois, in the city of Chicago, we are approaching 600 homi-cides this year—600—most of them from gunfire. It is heartbreaking. That doesn’t include those who were injured by being shot as well. Where are these guns coming from? There are no gun stores in the city of Chicago. That is true. But when it comes to purchasing guns, it makes no difference. The sub-urbs have plenty of gun dealers. Of course, there are gun shows in neigh-boring States, like Indiana. We also know gun stores in the suburbs of Chi-cago supply 25 percent of the identified crime guns. We know many of those are sold in what is known as a straw purchase. They are sold to someone who buys a gun for someone who is not legally qualified. It is a girlfriend or someone who buys a gun because she has no criminal record so her boyfriend can use it—misuse it—and kill inno-cent people. Can’t we toughen that law and make sure there are real penalties for straw purchases? That is not going to slow down any legitimate gun owner or anyone who wants to use a gun in a responsible fashion. That is one thing we can do. Then there is the gun show loophole. We know, with Columbine and other places, that it was a gun show loophole that opened the way for the purchase of guns that killed innocent people. Let’s do something about that. We should. If we are serious, we should. We also know that the 1996 Lauten-berg amendment prohibits convicted domestic abusers from buying or using guns. That applies, as well, to military personnel. Questions need to be asked and answered about this shooter in Texas and what happened after he was court-martialed for domestic abuse in the Air Force in 2012. How did he pur-chase a gun after that, in violation of the Lautenberg amendment? We need to also ask why in the world anyone needs to own an assault weap-on. I understand people buy rifles and shotguns and even handguns for sport-ing and self-defense. But why does any-one need to own a military-style weap-on—one that can be converted, as we found in Las Vegas, to a weapon that discharges 100 rounds in 7 seconds? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06NO6.024 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7031 November 6, 2017 
That is totally unnecessary for any le-gitimate legal purpose. It is available, perhaps, for military use, perhaps, for law enforcement but not for the ordi-nary American citizen who would pur-chase and own a gun for legitimate purposes. Next, we need to make sure that we understand why gun violence is grow-ing in America. The number of people who have been killed or injured just grows by the year. It is getting worse. According to a CDC report issued just last week, gun deaths increased for the second year in a row last year. There were more than 38,000 gun deaths in 2016, up from 36,000 in 2015 and from 33,500 the year before that. We are ex-periencing a public health crisis of gun violence in America, according to the American Medical Association. Of course, there is no single law or policy that would prevent every shoot-ing death, just as there is no single law or policy that would prevent every drug overdose death. But we have to start working together, on a bipartisan basis, to bring these shooting numbers down. We need to also talk about the issue of mental health, raised by the Presi-dent in response to this tragedy in Texas. The President said: 
This isn’t a guns situation. . . . I think that mental health is your problem here. 
Despite the fact that most violence in the United States has nothing to do with mental illness, many are arguing that mental health is really the issue. What have we done in the Senate when it comes to mental health and guns this year? Senate Republicans used the CRA to repeal a regulation that di-rected the Social Security Administra-tion to share mental illness informa-tion with the background check com-pilation of information. There was ad-vocacy for massive cuts to Medicaid, which would throw millions of people with mental health needs off coverage. There was an attempt to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act, which would have allowed insurers to refuse coverage of essential health benefits, including mental health treatment. And there was a refusal to provide additional Fed-eral funding to help provide mental health care. We don’t have a very good record this year in the Senate when it comes to taking mental illness seri-ously, and we should. I will also introduce a bill that I am working on to encourage more crime- gun tracing in light of last week’s crime-gun trace report from the Chi-cago Police Department. We focus on terrorism and what it does to our country, and we should. That is our responsibility. Anyone who would do harm to innocent Ameri-cans—as in 9/11, killing 3,000 in that particular instance—needs to be taken extremely seriously by all of us in Con-gress and in the White House. Foreign sources of terrorism need to be care-fully watched when it comes to our border security, when it comes to back-ground checks, and the like. But let’s be honest. More Americans are dying from Americans killing Americans with guns than by terrorist activity. It is just as much a death as any foreign terrorist threat would be, and we need to consider it just as seriously as we do when it comes to the issues of ter-rorism and safety for the people of America. Why doesn’t the Congress take this up? Why don’t we even have a debate? I am on the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee. We have not had a single bill this year that addresses gun safety— not one—despite the gun violence that takes place every day and despite trag-edies like this tragedy over the week-end in Sutherland Springs, TX. Every time a terrible shooting oc-curs, Republican leaders in Congress say now is not the time to act. And then Congress never acts. Congress still has not acted to close the 72-hour background check loophole that allowed the Charleston church shooter to buy his gun in 2015. Congress has done nothing to address the bump stocks that enabled the Las Vegas shooter to turn a concert into a war zone. Congress still hasn’t even addressed the gun show loophole that allowed the Columbine shooters to commit that massacre back in 1999. Will Congress act in response to this latest tragedy? Will the Republicans who control Congress finally stand up to the gun lobby and put legislation on the floor to bring down the number of gun deaths? Or will the Republican- controlled Congress ignore this public health crisis once again? The Republicans in Congress are rushing to pass massive changes to our tax code in a matter of weeks, and yet they refuse to do anything to prevent the next mass shooting. If the Repub-licans treated this gun violence epi-demic with a fraction of the urgency they are showing when it comes to cut-ting taxes for the wealthiest one per-cent and the largest corporations, we could save many lives. I pray for the victims of gun violence in this nation, but I also pray that my colleagues will act to reduce this gun violence epidemic. 
f 
DACA Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on Sep-tember 5, 2 months ago, Attorney Gen-eral Jeff Sessions announced the Trump administration’s repeal of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, better known as DACA. DACA provides temporary legal sta-tus to immigrant students if they reg-ister with the government, pay a fee, and pass criminal and national secu-rity background checks. It was renew-able on a 2-year basis. The young people protected by DACA are also known as Dreamers. They came to the United States as children. They grew up knowing only this coun-try, believing this was their home and their future. Many of them in their teenaged years were told quietly by a parent that their legal status was not the status of an American citizen. These kids, who grew up singing the Star Spangled Banner and pledging al-legiance to the American flag, have no country. It was 7 years ago that I sent a letter to President Obama, joined by Senator Dick Lugar, a Republican from Indi-ana. On a bipartisan basis, we asked President Obama to establish a pro-gram like the DACA Program. The President responded, and DACA has been a success. Almost 800,000 Dream-ers have come forward. They have sur-rendered to their government the infor-mation that many of their families kept secret for years. They trusted us. They gave this information to the gov-ernment and said: We want to become part of America’s future, and we are willing to sign up, submit ourselves to the background check, pay our taxes, pay our filing fee, and do whatever is necessary. They trusted us. These young people who came forward and re-ceived DACA have then gone on to con-tribute more fully to their country. They are teachers, nurses, engineers, first responders, and servicemembers in our military. Now, because of President Trump’s announcement, the deportation clock is ticking on these young people. Be-ginning on March 5, 2018, not that long from now, every workday for the fol-lowing 2 years approximately 1,400 Dreamers will lose their work permits and be subject to deportation. These young people who trusted our govern-ment will now, with the decision to end DACA, find themselves in an extremely vulnerable position. When they lose their DACA protec-tion, if they are teachers, they are forced to leave their students. If they are nurses, they are forced to leave their patients. If they are first respond-ers, they leave their post. If they are soldiers willing to die for our country, they are forced to leave our military service. This isn’t just a looming humani-tarian crisis. It is also an economic cri-sis. The nonpartisan Institute on Tax-ation and Economic Policy reports that DACA-eligible individuals con-tribute an estimated $2 billion a year in State and local taxes. The Cato In-stitute, a conservative operation, esti-mates that ending DACA and deporting DACA recipients will cost $60 billion and result in a $280 billion reduction in economic growth over the next 10 years. Poll after poll shows overwhelming bipartisan support for these Dreamers. Even FOX News—no liberal media out-let—recently found that 79 percent of Americans support a path to citizen-ship for Dreamers, including 63 percent of those who voted for President Trump. Sixty-three percent, or almost two out of three Trump supporters, supports a legal status for Dreamers. The answer is clear. Congress needs to pass the Dream Act, and we need to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06NO6.026 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7032 November 6, 2017 
do it before we leave Washington, DC, for the holidays. It was 16 years ago that I first intro-duced this bipartisan legislation to give a path of citizenship to these young people. In July I introduced the most recent version with my friend, L
INDSEY GRAHAM , a Republican Sen-ator from South Carolina. Over the years I have come to the floor almost 100 times to tell individual stories of the Dreamers. These stories tell us what is at stake when we con-sider the fate of DACA and the Dream Act. Today, I want to tell you about Ha Eun Lee. When she was 6 years old, her family came to the United States from Korea. She grew up in Bloomfield Hills, MI. Here is what Ha Eun says about her childhood in the United States: ‘‘I was fortunate enough to grow up learning that diversity is encouraged and dif-ferences are not just tolerated but wel-comed.’’ Ha Eun was a good student and com-mitted to public service. In high school she was a member of the National Honor Society, received the Principal’s Academic Achievement Award, and was an Oakland Activities Association Scholar Athlete. She was a member of the track and field team during all 4 years of high school. Ha Eun is now a senior at the Univer-sity of Michigan, majoring in English. She volunteers with the Red Cross, and she is copresident of an organization called The Supply, which raises money to help students in Nairobi, Kenya, ob-tain an education. As copresident, Ha Eun has expanded this organization’s efforts, and they are now volunteering locally near Detroit. Ha Eun was also a policy and pro-grams intern for the Asian Americans Advancing Justice Center. As Ha Eun completes her last year of college, her dream is to become a law-yer. She wrote me a letter, and here is what she said: 
Although I’m legally labeled as an ‘‘alien’’ in this country I call home, I believe I am an American. And I believe this not solely be-cause I live, study, work and contribute to this country, but because I believe in the core values all Americans share as a nation: liberty, justice, and prosperity. Ha Eun and other Dreamers have so much to contribute to our country, but without DACA or the Dream Act, they will be deported back to countries where they haven’t lived since they were children. Will America be strong-er if we deport people like Ha Eun? I think the answer is obvious. When we introduced the Dream Act, Senator G
RAHAM said: ‘‘The moment of reckoning is coming.’’ That moment has arrived. Congress has a responsi-bility to do our job and make the Dream Act the law of the land before the end of the year, before we go home for the holidays; otherwise, we will bear the responsibility for forcing hun-dreds of thousands of talented young immigrants out of the workforce and putting them at risk of immediate de-portation. Many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle are interested in finding a path to get this done. I salute all of them who in good faith have offered their help. We have to focus now. We have to come together and focus. Many of my Republican colleagues have said that we need to put in border security elements. Count me in. Let’s sit down and have an honest discussion about making our borders safer and stronger. I will gladly join that con-versation. I think there are many things we can agree on that will lessen the likelihood that there will be those coming across the border in the years to come. I recently met with the head of bor-der security, and we talked about things that might be done. There is something called a Z Portal. I didn’t know about it. It is a virtual x ray ma-chine, a low-level radiation x ray ma-chine that can x ray vehicles and deter-mine whether they are secreting indi-viduals or contraband that shouldn’t be allowed in this country. He talked about one particular border crossing and said: We have a Z Portal there, but it can be used on only about one out of every five vehicles. He said: I would like to have more of them. I think he should. Why wouldn’t we make that part of border security? I said: What about other things coming into this country, other than people? He said: One thing we are concerned about is fentanyl. Fentanyl is a chemical that is used to enhance the addiction of heroin, and, sadly, it is deadly. Many heroin addicts die when they lace the heroin with fentanyl and inject it, so we try at the borders to stop the importation of this fentanyl from China and other countries into the United States. I asked him about it. He said: Sadly, we don’t have enough new spectrometers, which are used to test these chemicals. We need them to stop the flow of this deadly drug into our country and to protect the men and women who are doing the actual sur-veillance. Isn’t that something we can agree on, on a bipartisan basis, to make our bor-ders safer, to lessen the likelihood of people dying from the opioid heroin crisis? These are things we can do to-gether. Somehow we haven’t been able to come up with a list of particulars from the other side of what they would like to move forward on, but I am ready, willing, and determined to get this done. We have to do this this year. There is no excuse. There are too many lives at stake, not just the 780,000 DACA indi-viduals but all of the people whom they are helping in their lives today. They are depending on us. We are running out of time. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in this constructive and bi-partisan effort. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:11 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, November 7, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:07 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06NO6.027 S06NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1507 November 6, 2017 
HONORING DEPUTY FIRE CHIEF CHRISTOPHER PEPLER 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service and life of the late Deputy Chief Christopher Pepler, who passed away on November 1, 2017 after a long battle with cancer. Pepler was a member of the Torrington Fire Department since 1999 and had served as Deputy Fire Chief. He was a beloved member of the Torrington commu-nity and a model public servant. Deputy Chief Pepler was a Torrington na-tive, and he dreamed of becoming a firefighter from a young age. He began volunteering with Torringford Fire Department when he was only 15, and he was hired by the Torrington Fire Department in 1999. The Department recog-nized his leadership and commitment to keep-ing the community safe, and Pepler was ap-pointed Deputy Fire Chief in 2013. He was an active member of the depart-ment and worked hard to support his fellow firefighters. He served as the Assistant Direc-tor of Training for the Wolcott Regional Fire School, sharing his expertise with young and aspiring firefighters. Pepler also worked on be-half of his fellow firefighters as the president of the IAFF Local 1567 prior to his appointment as Deputy Chief. Mr. Speaker, Deputy Chief Christopher Pepler brought a passion for serving his com-munity and helping others to the Torrington Fire Department, and his work leaves a legacy of service that will inspire future generations of firefighters in our community. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor his life here today. I extend my deepest condolences to his wife, Lori, and all those who knew and loved Christopher. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF ELAINE ROBERTS 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the career of Elaine Roberts, who is re-tiring from her service to the Ohio aviation community this month. Elaine has been a leader for Columbus, for Ohio, for the aviation industry, and for women in leadership roles in the transportation indus-try everywhere. Fourteen years ago, Elaine was recruited to serve as the first ever CEO of a combined aviation authority—the passenger facility serv-ing Columbus and Central Ohio, a dual-use freight/military facility outside Columbus, and a general aviation field. Over the last decade and a half, she led all three with distinction and has been a catalyst for growth at Port Columbus, overseeing a major renovation and life extension of the fa-cility. At Rickenbacker, our dual-use facility, she has worked with government partners at the federal, state, and local levels, as well as the private sector, to transform the area into one of the country’s leading intermodal facilities. International and domestic freight oper-ations—served by rail, highways, and inter-national activation—help provide a livelihood to 20,000 plus residents in our area. Elaine has been an inspiration to her fellow executives in aviation and transportation, and the region as a whole. She was nominated and selected by the White House in 2015 as a ‘‘Champion of Change’’ for her work at Rick-enbacker. Elaine will be missed in the region, but I join the entire Ohio community in wishing her well. f 
IN MEMORY OF SHADY SHORES MAYOR OLIVE STEPHENS 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of former Shady Shores Mayor Olive Stephens. Mayor Stephens, who passed away on October 30 at the age of 101, was known for her commitment to her family, her neighbors, and the Shady Shores commu-nity. She was a dedicated public servant who helped Shady Shores grow from a small weekend fishing and camping spot to an incor-porated city with a population of more than 2,800. An East Texas native, Mayor Stephens and her late husband moved to Shady Shores in 1956 and opened a general store. In 1963, Olive Stephens began her public service ca-reer when she volunteered to serve on the Town Council. After 10 years as a council member, she ran for higher office, and in 1973 won a successful bid to serve as the first elected mayor of Shady Shores. Mayor Ste-phens served her community in this capacity for almost 40 years until she retired from full time public service at the age of 94. A pioneer of local Texas politics, Olive Ste-phens left a legacy of lifelong commitment to public service. We will miss her leadership and passion for her Shady Shores community and all of Texas. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MICHELE BLAKE 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Michele Blake, a proven leader in the Yuba City, California community with a strong desire to make a difference. Michele currently serves as the Executive Director of the Sutter County Children and Families Com-mission, also known as First 5 Sutter. Michele has been a strong advocate and was instrumental in making positive changes in her role as executive director. She is re-sponsible for ensuring children ages 0–5 reach their full potential by administering and coordinating community programs and activi-ties that have a positive effect on their devel-opment. She has collaborated with Friends of the Sutter Library to implement a program which delivers books directly to preschool chil-dren’s homes to increase literacy awareness; she has worked with the Sutter Sheriff’s De-partment to implement a children’s lifejacket loaner program which increases water safety; and working alongside healthcare clinics, she was instrumental in implementing breastfeeding friendly practices in existing Commission programs. Michele is also a strong advocate for Mothers Against Drunk Drivers and, together with her family, estab-lished the Nicole Bull Memorial Scholarship Fund. Michele’s experience includes her previous work as the Health Education Director and Public Information Officer at the Sutter County Public Health Department where she planned, created, budgeted, developed, and imple-mented comprehensive health education pro-grams and was instrumental in securing fed-eral funding to develop IGNITE Yuba City, a program to help people make healthy choices. Michele continues to support the Yuba Sut-ter community and as a single mom finds time to contribute to the activities of her 8 and 12- year-old children. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ARNOLD ANDREWS 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding constituent, Arnold Andrews from Guilford County. I am honored to acknowledge constituents who selflessly an-swered the call to serve and defend our free-dom. A United States Army veteran of World War II and member of the Greatest Genera-tion, Mr. Andrews served his country with honor. Self-sacrifice, personal responsibility, and humility are traits this generation em-bodied. The tremendous strides our country has made since World War II are a direct re-sult of these great Americans. North Carolina is truly fortunate to have Mr. Andrews, an out-standing representative of our community and country. I join with his family, friends, and the Sixth District in thanking Arnold Andrews for his dedicated service to the United States of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06NO8.001 E06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1508 November 6, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Friday, November 3, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call vote 605 and Nay on Roll Call vote 606. I was absent in the House Chamber due to travelling to the devastated island of Puerto Rico in the wake of Hurricane Maria. A vote was called on the floor for H.R. 3922 to reau-thorize the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram and other public health initiatives under the Affordable Care Act. I would have voted Nay on this legislation because this bill would raise premiums for seniors, limit benefits for Medicaid recipients and slash grace periods from 90 days to 30 days, which would result in thousands of Americans losing their healthcare. Furthermore, this bill funds a mere $1 billion dollars to Puerto Rico in the midst of a dire crisis on the island. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. LAURIE GOODMAN 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Laurie Goodman of Meridian, California, who has dedicated herself to the education, health, and safety of children. As Superintendent and Principal of the Winship- Robbins Elementary School District, Dr. Good-man has worked to implement many programs designed to serve children in need. In partner-ship with Sutter County Public Health, she has implemented a nutrition education and obesity prevention program which aims to promote healthy eating and exercise habits in youth. Dr. Goodman was also an instrumental part-ner in the effort to establish the ‘‘Food For Thought’’ pilot project which works to minimize child hunger by providing families with healthy foods to take home over the weekend. Her ef-forts on behalf of these programs make a clear positive impact in the lives of children in her community. Dr. Goodman’s passion and commitment to the students and families of Winship-Robbins Elementary School goes beyond academic success. Dr. Goodman is truly dedicated to the complete health and well-being of each and every one of her students, and never passes up an opportunity to provide them with any help they may need. 
f 
HONORING ETHEL T. WINFIELD 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a late member of the Co-op City com-munity, Mrs. Ethel T. Winfield, who passed away this year at the amazing age of 94 years old. Though Ethel is no longer with us, the legacy she has left with her family, friends, and the community will last forever. Ethel and her beloved husband, Claude, lived in Co-op City and were quite active. After moving to the area in the 1960’s, Ethel, a de-voted Catholic, was instrumental in estab-lishing and building the new church, St. Mi-chael the Archangel Roman Catholic Church. While the church was being built, Ethel held services in her home at 920 Baychester Ave-nue. Professionally, Ethel worked as a Sample Hand at Vanity Fair in New York City. In 1971, she received certification at the prestigious Mayer School for Fashion Design. Amazed by her skill and talent, she rose from a Sample Hand to become an Assistant Designer at Vanity Fair; the first time anyone ever received this promotion. While at Vanity Fair, Ethel was concerned with equal rights of all workers. She was a shop steward, and as a union lead-er, she assisted fellow workers. Ethel enjoyed designing, draping and sewing dresses. She wanted her community residents to experience wearing beautiful fabrics and well-fitted clothes. She was committed to providing de-signer quality fitted clothing and often said, ‘‘The small amount I charged the bride did not yield a profit for me. However, I wanted my community to feel like they were walking down a runway.’’ Though Ethel’s story is full of inspiration, there was tragedy. In July 1957, Claude and Ethel were driving to Virginia with their son, Willie. During the trip, the car over turned in a ditch. Willie lost his life and Claude was in-jured badly. He had sustained internal injuries and almost every bone in his body had been broken. Ethel visited her husband for 2 years in the Veteran’s Administration Hospital and never doubted her husband would live. She encouraged him to complete his therapy which included learning to use his left hand and arm to shave and complete other tasks. It was her belief and encouragement in those terribly tragic moments that gave Claude the strength to recover. As you might imagine from hearing that story, Ethel’s true passion was her family, which includes sons, Claude L. Winfield, and Siddique Ali Shahbaaz; daughter-in-laws Michelle Deal Winfield and Cynthia Ali Shahbaaz; grand children Gary Winfield and wife Rasheed Winfield, Marie Winfield and spouse Konrad Pust, Michael C. Winfield, Nikkea Winfield, Jason Winfield and Makeda Winfield; nieces Katherine Miles and Vida Hin-ton with cousin Janett Baughaum; and great grandchildren Sophie and Koemi Winfield- Pust. She loved each of them dearly. Ethel Winfield lived a long and blessed life. In later years, she took art classes at the Baychester Visual Arts class on Tuesday eve-nings. Like many budding artist, Ethel gave away sketches and drawings, making friends along the way. That was Ethel—an artist, al-ways thinking of others. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WILLIAM CAMP 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding constituent, William Camp from Guilford County. I am honored to acknowledge constituents who selflessly an-swered the call to serve and defend our free-dom. A United States Army veteran of World War II and member of the Greatest Genera-tion, Mr. Camp served his country with honor. Self-sacrifice, personal responsibility, and hu-mility are traits this generation embodied. The tremendous strides our country has made since World War II are a direct result of these great Americans. North Carolina is truly fortu-nate to have Mr. Camp, an outstanding rep-resentative of our community and country. I join with his family, friends, and the Sixth District in thanking William Camp for his dedi-cated service to the United States of America. f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. LYNN JEWELL 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Lynn Jewell of Vacaville, California, who has been a vibrant servant of our community since coming from San Anto-nio, Texas as one of three young daughters of an Air Force Veteran. As a youth, Lynn was active in the Girl Scouts, church groups, and the Fairfield High School Scarlet Brigade Band before graduating from California State Univer-sity, Sacramento with honors. After marrying Jeff Jewell, her service member husband, Lynn became active in supporting multiple local Veteran’s Groups. Mrs. Jewell served as President of the Vacaville American Legion Auxiliary, Secretary of the Veterans of Foreign Wars Auxiliary, and served at the Vacaville Veterans’ Memorial Hall as secretary, treasurer, Bingo volunteer, and co-chair of the Annual Holiday Dinners for over 20 years. In 2006, Lynn became involved in the North Bay Homeless Veterans Standdown writing grants, raising funds, and serving as volunteer coordinator. Her passionate commitment to this program grew and she now serves along-side her husband on the Standdown Board of Directors. Lynn is the driving force of the North Bay Standdown and most everyone would say that without Lynn, the years of pro-viding supportive services to our homeless veterans in the form of a ‘‘hand-up, not a hand-out’’ would not have happened. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF CLIFTON 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to call to your attention the outstanding achieve-ments of the great City of Clifton as it cele-brates its 100th Anniversary on November 4, 2017. On April 26, 1917, the City of Clifton was carved out of Acquackanonk Township and in-corporated by an act of the New Jersey legis-lature. Named after the towering cliffs of Gar-ret Mountain, Clifton is composed of many en-dearing neighborhoods. They are Albion, Allwood, Athenia, Botany Village, Delawanna, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06NO8.002 E06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1509 November 6, 2017 
Dutch Hill, Lakeview, Main Mall, Montclair Heights, Richfield, Rosemawr, Styertowne, West Clifton, and Yanticaw Pond. Just as Clif-ton’s geography is diverse, so too are are its citizens. Clifton’s 84,136 residents speak over seventy languages and trace their heritage to all parts of the world. Today, we thank those who played a part in the founding of the city, and those leaders who guided the city in the years that followed. Since 1934, Clifton has been governed by a City Manager and seven City Council mem-bers, one of whom is selected by his or her colleagues to be Mayor. The residents of Clif-ton are some of the most involved citizens, and make their voices heard by electing all members of the City Council. Mayor James Anzaldi has served in his cur-rent position for 27 years, making him the city’s longest tenured mayor. His love for his hometown and dedication to public service set remarkable examples for all Cliftonites to fol-low. Students at Clifton High School boast their ‘‘Mustang Pride’’ in the classroom and at com-petitions throughout the North Jersey area. Mustang varsity sports teams have won mul-tiple state championships throughout the dec-ades, and the Mustang Band has been daz-zling crowds since the 1930s. The band has earned such a reputation that it has been nick-named, ‘‘The Showband of the Northeast.’’ The City of Clifton has been essential to the growth and development of Passaic County and the State of New Jersey overall. After the closure of the Morris Canal in 1924, Clifton began a mission to rapidly modernize. Over the next few decades, shopping centers, ho-tels, roads, and other vital infrastructure were built at a remarkable rate. By 1952, Clifton was designated as New Jersey’s fastest grow-ing city. The city continues to champion eco-nomic progress and development today. It is my great honor to represent the resi-dents of Clifton in the United States Congress. This is a city where people work hard to sup-port their families, improve their community, and honor their history. When I visit my neigh-bors in Clifton, I never cease to be inspired by acts of ingenuity, compassion, and good will. I can always count on Cliftonites to be some of the friendliest constituents in my district, and the country as a whole. The job of a United States Congressman in-volves much that is rewarding, yet little com-pares to recognizing and commemorating 100 years of rich history in Clifton, New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-leagues in celebrating 100 years of service, dedication, and excellence from the residents of Clifton. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE DUFFY HEALTH CENTER 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 20th Anniversary of the Duffy Health Center. The Duffy Health Center has been serving as Barnstable County’s primary health care provider for homeless adults since 1997. What started as a small volunteer organization in 1988 has now turned into a major pillar of this community, working to serve the homeless men and women of Cape Cod. This clinic is made up of an incredible group of people that are working tirelessly to better the Ninth Congressional District. Over the past twenty years they have helped those suffering from addiction, mental health issues, and other serious medical problems find their way to applying for master’s degrees, retaining full- time employment, and building new lives. They have provided vital assistance to people trying to apply for benefits, receive counseling, or find a support group. By treating people with dignity and respect, the hope they have restored in countless members of our community is unparalleled. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the 20th anniversary of the Duffy Health Center for their dedication to bettering their community. I ask that my colleagues join me in thanking them for their invaluable service and wishing them all the best in the many years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING MS. MIRIAM MILLER 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Miriam Miller of Woodland, California, who has spent many years serving her community and truly loves volunteering. In years past, Ms. Miller has worked to revitalize the Woodland Downtown area through a pro-gram called ‘‘Main Street’’ and helped facilitate renovations to the Woodland Opera House State Historic Park. While working to bring Woodland’s facilities into the future, she also worked to ensure her community never lost sight of its history. Ms. Miller was instrumental in the running of the Yolo County Historical Museum, worked as a docent at the museum and historical Opera House, helped others re-search their own history, and to this day still helps put out the Woodland Historical Society newsletter. If there was an opportunity to serve the Woodland community, Miriam Miller seized it. Ms. Miller’s service and volunteerism was not limited to her community of Woodland. She traveled the world with her husband as he served in the U.S. Navy and State Depart-ment, supporting him and caring for her family. During World War II, Ms. Miller became very aware of the injustice of Japanese internment camps, leading her to live a life in support of immigrants and social justice. Ms. Miller has housed refugees in her home and made them a part of her family. She continues to fight for immigrant and refugee rights. Ms. Miller is dedicated to the betterment of her community, locally, nationally, and internationally. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RUSSELL COBLE 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding constituent, Russell Coble from Guilford County. I am honored to acknowledge constituents who selflessly an-swered the call to serve and defend our free-dom. A United States Army veteran of World War II and member of the Greatest Genera-tion, Mr. Coble served his country with honor. Self-sacrifice, personal responsibility, and hu-mility are traits this generation embodied. The tremendous strides our country has made since World War II are a direct result of these great Americans. North Carolina is truly fortu-nate to have Mr. Coble, an outstanding rep-resentative of our community and country. I join with his family, friends, and the Sixth District in thanking Russell Coble for his dedi-cated service to the United States of America. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SRUTHI SRINIVASAN 
HON. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I remember and honor the life of Sruthi Srinivasan who unexpectedly passed away on October 24th this year at the young age of 34. So many people knew Sruthi’s passion for design and her amazing ability to dance. Sruthi’s laugh, smile and warm soul could light up a room. She was easy to love and will be missed beyond measure, not only in the com-munity of Downer’s Grove, but across the na-tion. Sruthi was known as an incredible designer at her work with Ted Moudis in New York and was successful in the variety of roles that she had in the design industry. She was generous, kind, and her spirit was infectious. The Srinivasans and my family have known each other for decades, and they are all cher-ished friends. Mr. Speaker, I hope we might all keep in our thoughts and prayers the Srinivasan family and friends as they mourn their loss. In that spirit, I celebrate Sruthi’s life and think about what an impact that life made on so many people. 
f 
IN HONOR OF WILLIAM M. FLY 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on No-vember 13, William M. Fly will celebrate his 100th birthday in a newly refurbished home thanks to the selfless efforts of volunteers from across the country, responding to the damages caused by Hurricane Harvey. Over the course of a century, Bill, as his friends and family know him, has traveled the country and the world, but his home has al-ways been in the State of Texas. Following his graduation from the University of Texas in 1940, Bill joined the U.S. Army Air Force, where he served honorably as a First Lieutenant in the European Theater of the Second World War. Upon completing his time in the service, Bill and his wife, Mary Beth, moved to Houston, TX, where he began a thirty-seven year career in the oil and gas industry. Despite moving to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06NO8.004 E06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1510 November 6, 2017 
New York City, Chicago, and St. Louis during his career, Bill and his wife of sixty-nine years returned to Texas in 1972, to settle in Harris County. Blessed with four loving daughters, eleven grandchildren, twenty-five great-grandchildren, and two great-great-grandchildren, Bill and his loving wife lived together for another forty-five years, until Mary Beth passed away on May 13th, 2017. In August of 2017, the flooding brought by Hurricane Harvey left over three feet of water in Bill’s family home of over forty years, se-verely damaging his house and ruining irre-placeable mementos of his and Mary Beth’s family. In response to this tragedy, volunteers led by former Navy SEAL, Markus Luttrell and his wife, Melanie, rallied around Bill and made it their mission to rebuild his home by his 100th birthday. Just two months after the effort began, peo-ple from across the country raised almost $90,000, $15,000 more than their original goal, to fund the recovery. Thanks to the tire-less efforts of these volunteers, Bill will be able to return to his home by his birthday. As he settles into his newly refurbished home to celebrate his 100th birthday, I join Bill’s family, his friends, and his community to thank the volunteers who quickly returned him to his home and wish him a happy birthday as he begins his second century of life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KATHLEEN RAMOS 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kathleen Ramos, who has been a vibrant leader in the community since arriv-ing in Vacaville, California with her young fam-ily in 1986. She quickly fell in love with the charm, generosity and spirit of Vacaville and immediately decided she would devote her time and talent to making Vacaville a great place to raise a family. Kathleen’s passion to help others is evident through her community and public service. Throughout her two decades as a top realtor for Solano County, she’s helped countless families find the home of their dreams. Her de-sire to help the community didn’t stop there; Kathleen has held leadership roles in thirteen boards and commissions, including serving five consecutive terms as president and past vice-chair on the Community Services Com-mission for the City of Vacaville. She also vol-unteers in student education programs, was past president for the Solano Community Symphony League and is a Charter Member for 100 Women Who Care About Solano County and the Vacaville Soroptimists Twilight Club. Kathleen is married to her husband Steve; together they have three adult children and six granddaughters. She enjoys an active lifestyle and when she’s not helping in the community, you can find her on the bike trails or racquetball courts. HONORING KATHLEEN GILSON HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a true community servant and long-time pillar of the Riverdale Community Center, Ms. Kathleen Gilson. Kathleen has worked at RCC since 1982, rising through the ranks from Ad-ministrative Assistant all the way up to Execu-tive Director. She has done it all at RCC and this year, after 35 years of service to her com-munity, she is celebrating her retirement. In 1985, three years into her career at RCC, Kathleen became the Fiscal Officer and the Director of Finance and Program Operations by 1997. Then, in 2004, she became the Cen-ter’s Executive Director. During her tenure as the Executive Director, RCC programs and budgets have tripled, serving over 1,000 peo-ple of all ages each year in their free youth programs and Adult and Youth Education Center. Kathleen has overseen an RCC after school program that has become one of the most successful free programs in New York City—receiving ‘‘Excellent’’ ratings from all funders and identified as ‘‘Exemplary.’’ Kath-leen was also quite active outside her work life. She served on her local school board for 13 years, eight as the president, and is cur-rently president of her homeowners’ associa-tion. Of course, Kathleen’s true passion is her family. She is happily married with three chil-dren, and two grandchildren. She currently lives in Orange County, though she is a former Bronxite herself. Kathleen Gilson has been instrumental to the success of RCC, and its amazing growth can be directly linked to her efforts, in addition to the efforts of her team. I want to congratu-late Kathleen on her decades of service and thank her for all the incredible work she has done for Riverdale residents. I hope she en-joys a well-earned retirement. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JERRY DUNCAN 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding constituent, Jerry Duncan from Guilford County. I am honored to acknowledge constituents who selflessly an-swered the call to serve and defend our free-dom. A United States Army veteran of World War II and member of the Greatest Genera-tion, Mr. Duncan served his country with honor. Self-sacrifice, personal responsibility, and humility are traits this generation em-bodied. The tremendous strides our country has made since World War II are a direct re-sult of these great Americans. North Carolina is truly fortunate to have Mr. Duncan, an out-standing representative of our community and country. I join with his family, friends, and the Sixth District in thanking Jerry Duncan for his dedi-cated service to the United States of America. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. JARED POLIS 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent on October 31 and November 1, 2017. Had I been present for the following roll call votes: H.R. 2521—South Carolina Peanut Parity Act of 2017—I would have voted Yea on to allow South Carolina the ability to appoint members to the Peanut Standards Board. Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 2936—I would have voted no because this motion prevented proceeding to debate a problematic forestry bill, and allowed Congress to debate and vote on the Dream Act to pro-tect DREAMers. H. Res. 595—Rule providing for consider-ation of H.R. 2936—Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017—I would have opposed this rule because it only allowed debate of seven amendments, and blocked the consideration of 10 germane amendments. This rule does not maintain regular order I strive for. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MICHALLE SHOWN- RODRIGUEZ 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Michalle Shown-Rodriguez of Fairfield, California, who has dedicated her ca-reer to community service and is a pillar of the community. Michalle currently serves as the Development Director for Child Haven, where she brings 30 years of experience in develop-ment, grant writing, and executive leadership. Michalle’s work with non-profits began with the birth of her son and subsequent involve-ment in co-founding a support organization in Idaho that served families with medically frag-ile children. She has been involved with the National Foster Parents Association, the Si-erra Association of Foster Families and Ron-ald McDonald House Charities. Being an adoptive parent of four elementary school-age children, she had a passion to serve in an education-focused environment where she can have a direct impact on children and their par-ents. Michalle’s previous experience includes working for the Crisis Support Services of Ala-meda County where she was responsible for developing programs to support suicide pre-vention, crisis intervention and public edu-cation. Ms. Shown-Rodriguez holds a degree in social psychology and earned the Non-Profit Certificate at Stanford Graduate School of Business’ Center for Social Innovation among other professional credentials. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06NO8.007 E06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1511 November 6, 2017 
HONORING JASPER COUNTY VIETNAM VETERANS 
HON. DAVID LOEBSACK 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a group of Vietnam veterans from my district. I stand to thank the Jasper County Vietnam Veterans for their honorable service to our great nation. While serving, these patriots fought for, pro-tected, and renewed the liberties and values upon which our great country was founded; fundamental values and freedoms that make our country the greatest nation on earth. The Jasper County Vietnam Veterans group works to honor all of those that have served. It is a privilege and honor to represent the fine Jasper County Vietnam Veterans, along with all the veterans in Iowa’s second district. 
f 
HONORING RACHEL RADNA 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize a member of the Riverdale Tem-ple community, Dr. Rachel Levi Radna, who this year is being honored by the Temple at their annual Gala Dinner. Rachel was born in Tel Aviv, Israel. She moved to the United States with her family when she was 12 years old. Rachel attended George Washington High School and then Hunter College in the Bronx for her under-graduate degree. She went to CUNY for her doctoral degree in Biochemistry. While at Hun-ter, she met her husband, Dr. Richard Radna, with whom she has three wonderful children, Rudolph, Rebeka, and Raphael. She recently became a grandmother to Rebeka’s baby son, Julian Avi. Rather than pursuing a career in Biochemistry, Rachel managed her husband’s Neurosurgical Practice, as it allowed her to take care of her family. Rachel’s family is the legacy that she has created, and they are her true pride and joy. Rachel was not a regular worshiper until she started to go to services at Riverdale Temple. There was something at Riverdale Temple that sparked a light in her that con-tinues to shine. She went from congregant to member of the Board of Directors, and she has been the President of the Congregation for the past 10 years. With such continuity, Rachel is the glue that seems to keep the Temple held together. She has worked closely with Rabbi Lewis and, most recently, Rabbi Gardner. When the clergy are on vacation in the summer, Rachel coordinates and leads lay-led services, at which she often functions as both Rabbi and Cantor. Aside from her involvement in Riverdale Temple, Rachel loves to knit, bake, and cook. She enjoys opera, karaoke, Israeli music and dancing. Her favorite part of being President is being on the Bimah during these past 10 years and watching our religious school chil-dren grow to become B’nai Mitzvah. She is also the co-President of the Riverdale Temple, a wonderful honor in and of itself. Rachel has done so much for our commu-nity and is most deserving of this recognition. Congratulations to her on receiving this great honor. f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. RENEE TADLOCK 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Renee Tadlock of Fairfield, California, who is the Operations Director of The Leaven, a faith-based afterschool tutoring and mentorship program focused on serving the underserved youth in our high-risk commu-nities with educational assistance, physical play, nutrition, and character development. Be-fore becoming the Operations Director, Renee was a Leaven Site Director and served to help grow the Leaven Organization from one center in 2009 to sixteen different locations through-out Solano and Napa Counties and three sites in Southern California with more scheduled to open soon. Mrs. Tadlock’s role at the Leaven has been vital to the organization’s success and sec-ondary positive impact of raising the quality of life within each neighbor served by a Leaven Center. Recognized by community leaders and law enforcement officials, Leaven Centers through their development of community rela-tionships have proven over and over to posi-tively impact crime rates, drive out negative in-fluences, and empower residents to participate in neighborhood watch and re-vitalization pro-grams. Renee developed her passion for education and serving our youth during her prior service as a pre-school teacher in Fairfield and a sub-stitute para-teacher for Solano County Office of Education. Renee and her husband, Mike, serve as Pastors at Real Life Church in Fair-field where she also serves as an inspiring role-model to the church, youth group, and community members. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF REVA INGRAM FORTUNE 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding constituent, Reva Ingram Fortune from Guilford County. I am honored to acknowledge constituents who selflessly answered the call to serve and de-fend our freedom. A United States Air Force veteran of World War II and member of the Greatest Generation, Mrs. Fortune served her country with honor. Self-sacrifice, personal re-sponsibility, and humility are traits this genera-tion embodied. The tremendous strides our country has made since World War II are a di-rect result of these great Americans. North Carolina is truly fortunate to have Mrs. For-tune, an outstanding representative of our community and country. I join with her family, friends, and the Sixth District in thanking Reva Ingram Fortune for her dedicated service to the United States of America. f 
CELEBRATING KEISER UNIVERSITY’S 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Keiser University on the commemora-tion of their 40th anniversary, which they will celebrate on November 10, 2017. Keiser University was founded in 1977 by Dr. Arthur Keiser and his mother Mrs. Evelyn Keiser, in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. By estab-lishing Keiser University, Dr. Keiser and Eve-lyn sought to provide individuals the necessary educational tools for successfully navigating their chosen careers. Over the past 40 years, Keiser University has been a shining example of what one can achieve through hard work and dedication. It has grown to become the third largest not-for- profit university in Florida, bolstering 66,000 alumni, over 100 degree granting programs, and 18 campuses across the state. Keiser University has even stretched beyond U.S. borders, establishing campuses abroad in Nicaragua, Moldova, and China. Throughout my tenure in Congress, I have watched Keiser University grow and expand its reach. Today, it has an annual economic impact of approximately $3 billion in Florida, while benefiting our residents with over 30,000 direct and indirect jobs each year. Keiser University’s philosophy of putting stu-dents first and treating them as individuals is to be commended. Their diverse student body includes veterans, first-generation students, parents, caregivers, and students who have already joined the workforce. Keiser University provides the skills necessary for students to be successful within our global economy, while maintaining flexibility through an impres-sive online curriculum, which allows non-tradi-tional students the ability to access the quality education they rightly deserve. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend Keiser University’s co-founders and family, Dr. Arthur Keiser, his mother Mrs. Evelyn Keiser, and Ms. Belinda Keiser, and the independent Keiser University Board of Trustees, for their enduring commitment to providing students with a superior education. Over the past 40 years, Keiser University has proven itself to be a home for quality higher education, and a source of great pride to the people of Florida. I am truly honored to represent Keiser Univer-sity in my Congressional district, and wish them many years of continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. LOUISE WALKER 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Louise Walker of Dixon, Cali-fornia, who has been a strong leader in her roles in both private and public organizations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06NO8.010 E06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1512 November 6, 2017 
She consistently proves that she does not shy away from leadership roles. She is a val-ued partner of the Solano Economic Develop-ment Corporation, President and CEO of First Northern Bank. She serves as chairperson of the Solano EDC Board of Directors, and just completed her term as Chair of the California Bankers Association, making her the third woman to chair the association in the organi-zations 125 years. Ms. Walker also serves on the national Board of Directors for the Amer-ican Banker Association. Ms. Walker also lends her considerable leadership expertise to several nonprofit orga-nizations. She serves on the boards for both Valley Vision and the Yolo Food Bank, is a former President of Soroptimist International of Dixon, and a member of the Dixon Rotary Club. With her extensive leadership experi-ence and skills, as well as her commitment to serving her community, Ms. Walker is an out-standing role model for women of every age. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ALL SAINTS’ EPIS-COPAL CHURCH OF WOODHAVEN, QUEENS ON THEIR 120TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize All Saints’ Episcopal Church of Woodhaven, Queens on their 120th Anniver-sary. This longstanding place of worship has a rich history as a congregation that embraces diversity and community service. All Saints held its first service and Sunday school at a store-front in Richmond Hill, Queens on November 26, 1897. Initial offer-ings collected by the service totaled $22.00, which became the initial contribution towards the purchase of a permanent church. A few years later, the church laid its first cornerstone on Lefferts Blvd., where it served for more than a century. The Church has a long history of providing guidance and comfort to new arrivals and fam-ilies faced with hardship. For decades, All Saints enjoyed the leadership of Rectors dedi-cated to its parishioners and the greater com-munity. Later on, the former St. Matthew’s Church, a beautiful gothic revival building be-came its new home. Today, All Saints is a bedrock of the Woodhaven community. The Church continues to provide spiritual and physical comfort by of-fering social and community services. Initia-tives like the senior lunch program, youth projects, the St. Hilda’s Guild women’s out-reach program, and the Community Cemetery Project all promote fellowship. Mr. Speaker, our churches, temples, and mosques are the cornerstones of our commu-nities, the bedrock on which our faith, values, and sense of purpose rest. On this special oc-casion of its 120th year anniversary, I con-gratulate the All Saints Episcopal Church con-gregation and wish them many more years of service. IN RECOGNITION OF JAMES JACKSON GAILEY HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding constituent, James Jackson Gailey from Guilford County. I am honored to acknowledge constituents who selflessly answered the call to serve and de-fend our freedom. A United States Navy vet-eran of World War II and member of the Greatest Generation, Mr. Gailey served his country with honor. Self-sacrifice, personal re-sponsibility, and humility are traits this genera-tion embodied. The tremendous strides our country has made since World War II are a di-rect result of these great Americans. North Carolina is truly fortunate to have Mr. Gailey, an outstanding representative of our commu-nity and country. I join with his family, friends, and the Sixth District in thanking James Jackson Gailey for his dedicated service to the United States of America. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NANCY WELLS 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Nancy Wells of Davis, California, who has dedicated her twenty-year career to education and exemplifies the true meaning of public servant, volunteer and advocate for school aged children, adults and senior citi-zens in the community. Nancy was instrumental in implementing many innovative programs during her profes-sional career. She instituted ‘‘Just for Kids,’’ a program that matched at risk elementary stu-dents with adult volunteers, who would spend time helping students having difficulties with school subjects. She also started the ‘‘Latch Key Program’’ an afterschool program that provided a place for students to do their homework in a safe environment while their parents were at work. As director of Special Education, she was able to provide out-standing programs for children with special needs offering them academic training at a level in which they would be successful. Nancy is also involved in various community organizations. She was a founding member of the Dixon Family Services agency, where she started a Grief Intervention Program for chil-dren. She’s also a member of the Dixon Advo-cates for Seniors as well as a member of Dix-on’s Community Care Home Auxiliary. Nancy is considered a kind, compassionate and devoted person who is always willing to volunteer wherever she is needed. Nancy serves on the St. Peter’s parish leadership team and is a long-time community servant. BALFOUR DECLARATION HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the centennial anniversary of the Balfour Declaration and the significance it played in the formation of the state of Israel. This significant sixty seven word statement, that carne to be known as the Balfour Dec-laration, was the stepping stone in the ref-ormation of a modern Jewish sovereign state. It was the first public recognition addressing the need to recognize the rebirth of a national home for the Jewish people and their historical link to the land of Israel. This concept was later reaffirmed by the international community at the Treaty of Sevres, San Remo, League of Nations and United Nations. This declaration represented the Jewish peoples’ strong desire to return to their eternal homeland. This deep passion gave the Zionist movement wide-spread international recognition that few movements have ever seen. In 1922, the United States Congress passed a joint resolution, the Lodge-Fish Resolution, which committed the United States’ support of the establishment of a Jewish State, by repro-ducing the exact text of the Balfour Declara-tion. Mr. Speaker, Israel has since become one of the United States’ greatest allies and hope-fully the bond between our two great nations will only continue to grow stronger. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WALTER SIMMONS 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding constituent, Walter Simmons from Guilford County. I am honored to acknowledge constituents who selflessly an-swered the call to serve and defend our free-dom. A United States Army veteran of World War II and member of the Greatest Genera-tion, Mr. Simmons served his country with honor. Self-sacrifice, personal responsibility, and humility are traits this generation em-bodied. The tremendous strides our country has made since World War II are a direct re-sult of these great Americans. North Carolina is truly fortunate to have Mr. Simmons, an out-standing representative of our community and country. I join with his family, friends, and the Sixth District in thanking Walter Simmons for his dedicated service to the United States of America. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. PATRICIA ZETAH 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Patricia Zetah of Vacaville, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06NO8.010 E06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1513 November 6, 2017 
California, who has dedicated many years to the public education system, continuing to vol-unteer after her retirement. Ms. Zetah retired as a school principal from Travis Unified School District, having worked as a classroom teacher, reading specialist, program manager, and vice principal. During her time as a teach-er, Ms. Zetah went above and beyond what was required of her. She served as a mentor to many new teachers and provided profes-sional development workshops for others throughout the district and state. She served as President and board member of the Solano County Reading Association and to this day volunteers giving reading tests at Center Ele-mentary School. Ms. Zetah currently serves as President of the local chapter of the Delta Kappa Gamma Honor Society for Women Educators, where she organizes charitable programs to benefit children’s education. For the past seven years she has worked with St. Mary’s Church and Vacaville Unified School District to put on Edu-cation Forums where participating children re-ceive free books. Ms. Zetah is so devoted to this project that she has donated hundreds of her own books. Through both her career and her volunteer work, Patricia Zetah has demonstrated her dedication to children’s education. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAT GREGG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Pat Gregg of Council Bluffs, Iowa who recently re-tired from the Council Bluffs Fire Department after 25 years of service to his community. Pat joined the Council Bluffs Fire Department on August 31, 1992. Council Bluffs Fire Chief Justin James said, ‘‘Pat was one of the first firefighters I pro-moted to Captain when I became Chief, be-cause his patient care always went the extra mile.’’ Pat served as a paramedic and fire-fighter during his career. Pat said he has seen many changes in the Fire Department through the years but one thing that did not change was that the men and women of the Fire De-partment are still dedicated to the community. Mr. Speaker, Pat has made a difference by helping and serving others and it is with great pride that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating him for this momentous occasion and in wishing him nothing but the best in his retirement. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BOB WIL-LIAMS AND RANCH HANDS RES-CUE 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Bob Williams and the non-profit ani-mal rescue and counseling center he founded as Ranch Hands Rescue in Argyle, Texas. Founded in 2008, Ranch Hands Rescue came to life as an outcome of a year-long re-covery from a debilitating stroke Bob had suf-fered. With his background as a Motorola ex-ecutive and a challenging recovery process, Bob was inspired with the recognition of the need for rescuing animals that would other-wise be euthanized. Rescuing the worst-of-the worst farm animal abuse and neglect cases, Ranch Hands Rescue was initially envisioned as a place that would provide a loving, caring and safe sanctuary to the animals that cannot be adopted due to special care needs. Through his own experience with the res-cued animals, Bob realized the therapeutic im-pact they could also have on mental health. In 2010 he started the Ranch Hands Rescue Equine and Animal Assisted Couseling (EEAC) program. Through the work of animal partners and Licensed Professional Coun-selors, Ranch Hands Rescue provides hope and healing for children, women, veterans and others suffering from painful mental health symptoms brought on by sexual assault, phys-ical abuse, domestic violence, and other trau-matic life experiences. In relating with the trau-ma experienced by the rescued animals at Ranch Hands Rescue, clients of the non-profit from across the entire Dallas/Ft Worth metroplex benefit from the unique trauma-in-formed animal assisted psychotherapy pro-vided by highly-trained Licensed Professional Counselors. Thanks to the commitment and ongoing passion for rescuing abused and neglected farm animals that would otherwise be consid-ered ‘‘throw aways,’’ Ranch Hands Rescue is ‘‘animals helping people and people helping animals’’ to provide a special sanctuary for healing in the heart of Texas 26th Congres-sional District. f 
HONORING LANDON VRANES 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Landon Vranes, a 10-year-old Albuquerque student who represents the spirit of learning and innovation. As a 5th grade student, Landon has dedicated much of his time learn-ing about, and building robots. Landon recently built a robot that is able to solve any combination of the popular Rubik’s Cube puzzle. His creation was part of a class project led by Albuquerque Public Schools teacher, Ms. Amy Nevitt. Landon’s robot was featured during recent TV news broadcasts, which highlighted his passion for technology and robotics. During an interview with KOB–4, Landon ex-plained, ‘‘Any scramble out of the 43 quintillion can be solved in 20 moves or less and it’s try-ing to find out the quickest possibility.’’ As the home to three federal research lab-oratories and distinguished research univer-sities, New Mexico has a reputation for fos-tering innovation and exploration. It is my hope that students like Landon Vranes con-tinue to have opportunities to thrive and suc-ceed in New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Landon on this achievement and wish him all the best in his future scientific endeavors. TRIBUTE TO TONI URBAN HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Toni Urban, for being named a 2017 Women of In-fluence honoree by the award-winning central Iowa Publication, Business Record. For 18 years, the Business Record has un-dertaken an exhaustive annual review to iden-tify a standout group of women who have made a significant difference in business, civic, and philanthropic endeavors throughout the Greater Des Moines Area. Almost 50 years ago, Toni and her husband Tim decided to plant their roots in Des Moines. During that time Toni has been a leader in the greater Des Moines area, volun-teering her time and talents to organizations she believes in. Her most recent volunteer work has been on the board of the Food Bank of Iowa, a nonprofit organization dedicated to combatting food insecurity across the entire state of Iowa. They are currently working to expand their operations, and Toni has taken a lead role in raising the $8 million dollars nec-essary to upgrade their facilities. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Iowans like Toni in the United States Con-gress and I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her for receiving this es-teemed designation, thank those at Business Record for their great work, and in wishing Toni nothing but the best. 
f 
HONORING JOSEPH M. M CDADE 
HON. TOM MARINO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize former Congressman Joseph McDade, who passed away on September 24, 2017, at the age of 85. Mr. McDade, a Republican, represented Pennsylvania’s 10th district from January 3, 1963 to January 3, 1999, the same district that I have the honor of representing. Mr. McDade served on the House Appro-priations Committee, where he served as the vice chairman of the full committee, and chair-man of the Energy and Water Development Subcommittee. He was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania and went on to graduate from the University of Notre Dame and received his LLB from the University of Pennsylvania. He founded his own law practice in 1957 and was elected Scranton City Solicitor in 1962. Mr. McDade worked tirelessly to bring fed-eral resources to northeast Pennsylvania, cre-ate jobs, improve the environment, and to im-prove education. Most notably, Mr. McDade was pivotal in establishing the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area as well as the creation of the Steamtown National Historic Site. Mr. McDade was a tremendous public serv-ant and advocate who had a positive impact on thousands of people. He dedicated 36 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06NO8.012 E06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1514 November 6, 2017 
years of his life to represent Pennsylvanians in this chamber and I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring our former colleague, Joseph McDade, for his service and accomplishments. He will be missed. 
f 
HONORING ANTHONY CHAVEZ 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the heroism and bravery of Albuquerque na-tive, Anthony Chavez, also known as the ‘‘Red Hat Hero’’. He helped five women escape gun fire during the deadly attack in Las Vegas, Ne-vada on October 1, 2017. Chavez was among thousands in the crowd at the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival when a gumnan fired at the crowd from the 32nd floor of the nearby Mandalay Bay Casino and Hotel. Chavez did not hesitate to help the women who were standing near him. He made a selfless and courageous deci-sion to help his significant other and four strangers over the fence in front of them so they could retreat to safety. Without his help, it is likely that the women would not have got-ten out unharmed. Chavez then stayed in the area for an addi-tional hour, helping direct people to ambu-lances and safe locations. He won’t refer to himself as a hero, but it is undeniably clear that without his help many could have been in-jured or killed. Chavez was dubbed the ‘‘Red Hat Hero’’ because one of the women he saved recog-nized his unique, red Albuquerque Dukes hat in a photo on social media. Chavez was one of many heroes during an otherwise tragic night in Las Vegas. As such, he deserves our gratitude for his actions. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TIFFANY MENKE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and recognize Tiffany Menke, president of the Urbandale Iowa Chamber of Commerce, for being named a 2017 Women of Influence honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Busi-ness Record. For 18 years, the Business Record has un-dertaken an exhaustive annual review to iden-tify a standout group of women who have made a significant difference in business, civic and philanthropic endeavours throughout the Greater Des Moines Area. Tiffany has spent her life dedicating her time and talents to serving others. It all began dur-ing her time in customer service and as vice president of marketing and tourism for the Newton Chamber of Commerce. She oversaw a number of areas and projects while in New-ton, helping lead them down a path of sus-tained success. After Tiffany’s time in Newton she moved on to serve as president of the Urbandale Chamber of Commerce for the past 13 years. Her talents and abilities have been instrumental in tripling the chamber’s member-ship, making it one of the best in the region. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent leaders like Tiffany in the United States Con-gress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to bet-ter both her community, and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Tiffany on receiving this es-teemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and in wish-ing Tiffany nothing but continued success. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BURNETTA SLOSS-TANNER 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of a dynamic polit-ical activist, Burnetta Sloss-Tanner, who passed away on October 23, 2017. She was my confidant, drill instructor, surrogate, auntie, war time general and tireless campaigner. She was a dear friend to me and my family and a friend to Hoosiers everywhere, especially the powerless. ‘‘Ms. Burnetta’’, known for her trademark se-quined hat, was a pillar in Democratic politics throughout Indianapolis. She long served as the 4th Ward Chair for the Marion County Democratic Party and had a deep love for grassroots politics, holding monthly meetings in her home to train candidates, elected offi-cials, and volunteers on strategy and mobi-lizing our community. Without Ms. Burnetta, neither me, nor my grandmother, Congress-woman Julia Carson, would have been elected to Congress. I am certain many local and state elected officials can credit her for their successes as well. Not only was Ms. Burnetta a legend in polit-ical circles, she was also beloved by the com-munity. She worked with the Indiana Civil Rights Commission, the Center Township Trustee’s office, and countless other organiza-tions. She was a woman of great faith with a pas-sion for gospel music. She studied under sev-eral notable gospel artists, mentored countless others, and was a founding member and di-rector of the award winning Jordan-Aires Gos-pel Choir. She will always be remembered for her work as a gospel radio personality, hosting The Heartbeat of Good Gospel Music on WTLC. Her passion for, and contributions to, gospel music earned her the title of ‘‘The First Lady of Gospel Music’’ of Indianapolis. Ms. Burnetta served as a source of change, strength and faith for so many, leaving a last-ing impression on generations to come. I am blessed to have had the opportunity to know her. I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring our beloved Burnetta Sloss-Tanner for her re-markable service to the City of Indianapolis, the State of Indiana, and our nation. TRIBUTE TO JEFF NOLAN HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jeff Nolan, of Winterset, Iowa for being named the Madison County Chamber of Commerce’s Business Person of the Year at this year’s Madison County Chamber Banquet. The Business Person of the Year award is given out annually to a member of the com-munity who has demonstrated a commitment to improving the economy and the business climate of Madison County. Jeff exemplifies that commitment and has worked tirelessly to improving the lives of all residents of Madison County, whether it was his work as President of Union State Bank or his service to the com-munity. He also volunteers his time to the local hospital board, the Chamber Ambas-sadors and the Greater Madison County Com-munity Foundation. Mr. Speaker, Jeff’s efforts embody the Iowa spirit and I am proud to represent him, and Iowans like him, in the United States Con-gress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Jeff for this outstanding achievement and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING ALEX BREGMAN 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Albuquerque’s Alex Bregman for his stand-out performance in the 2017 World Series. Bregman’s heroics on the baseball diamond helped the Houston Astros win its first World Series in franchise history. Alex also made his hometown and the state of New Mexico proud as he fulfilled his childhood dream and showed the entire world the value of hard work. Bregman’s baseball talent was the stuff of legend in Albuquerque, where he played for Albuquerque Academy. During his sophomore year at the Academy, Bregman was named USA Baseball Player of the Year. Bregman took his talent to Louisiana State University, where he played baseball with the Tigers from 2013 to 2015. The Astros drafted Bregman as the 2nd Overall pick in the 2015 Major League Base-ball Draft. He quickly rose through the Astros system and during his first full year in the Major Leagues, Bregman hit .284 with 19 home runs and 71 RBI. In the World Series, Bregman produced 5 runs, 7 hits, 2 home runs, 5 RBI and a stolen base. He produced his biggest moment in what may be the most exciting game in the history of the World Series. With the score tied in the bottom of the 10th inning, Bregman hit a walk-off, RBI single that gave the Astros a pivotal, 13–12 win and the momentum they rode to the championship. While his offensive prowess contributed to the team’s record-breaking statistical perform-ance, Bregman’s brilliant defense helped give 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06NO8.021 E06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1515 November 6, 2017 
the Astros an edge throughout the playoffs. He made several critical plays at third base, including an aggressive catch and throw to home plate in Game 4 to prevent a run. Following the end of the World Series, the Baseball Hall of Fame announced that Bregman’s glove is one of three artifacts from the Series that will be enshrined in Coopers-town. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE TENTH ANNI-VERSARY OF CHRISTIAN LIFE CENTER AT FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH OF FORT WALTON BEACH 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the 10 year anniversary of the Christian Life Center at First Baptist Church in Fort Walton Beach, Florida. This 13,000 square foot center was built in 2007 to serve as a community service outreach to residents in the Fort Walton Beach area. Any member of the community is welcomed to hold mem-bership at the Christian Life Center and take full advantage of the multitude of resources they offer. With approximately 200 members thus far, the center is able to host a wide array of sporting options and programs including Up-wards Sporting Program for children and the Special Olympics. In addition to sporting leagues the Christian Life Center offers over 15 exercise classes and programs to mem-bers of the community. CLC also offers phys-ical training equipment to assist less mobile in-dividuals with health and wellness. The com-munity has access to the CLC as it serves as the meeting place for the Fort Walton Beach Chamber of Commerce in addition to holding various seminars, drives and job fairs. I would like to personally extend my grati-tude to the Christian Life Center and the con-gregation at First Baptist Church of Fort Wal-ton Beach for their sincere love for the com-munity and the resources they offer to provide a higher quality of life. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to congratulate the Christian Life Center on their 10th Anniver-sary. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MERLIN AND SYLVIA M
CALLISTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Merlin and Sylvia McAllister of Shenandoah, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 70th wed-ding anniversary. They were married on April 7, 1946. Merlin and Sylvia have enjoyed many ad-ventures together throughout their 70 years of marriage. Merlin said, ‘‘We’ve been here, there, and everywhere, and just have a good time and enjoy life. We work together and we make a good team.’’ They have visited all 50 states and have ventured overseas to Europe. Merlin said throughout his career he has been a jack of all trades and master of none. Merlin and Sylvia’s lifelong commitment to each other, their two children, three grand-children, five great-grandchildren, and three great-great-grandchildren truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 70th anniver-sary, may their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 70th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but the best. f 
HONORING DAVID SEELY 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. David Seely who is retiring as the Presi-dent and CEO of Kirtland Federal Credit Union (KFCU). Throughout his 27 years at the head of the lending institution, Seely oversaw tre-mendous success as the credit union grew from $80 million in assets to nearly $800 mil-lion. KFCU now serves more than 48,000 cli-ents, including many men and women in uni-form. Seely also earned a reputation for combat-ting predatory lending practices and promoting financial education. When the federal govern-ment shut down for several days in 2013, Seely ensured his members had access to services such as extended loan due dates and fee waivers while they were furloughed. In addition to his work with the credit union, Seely volunteered his time to help promote economic growth, as well as support military personnel serving at Kirtland Air Force Base. He served on the Kirtland Partnership Com-mittee, the Greater Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce and the New Mexico Association of Commerce & Industry. Recently, Seely re-ceived a Humanitarian award from the Jewish Community Center of Greater Albuquerque for his service to non-profit organizations and leadership at Kirtland Federal Credit Union. His work at the credit union and support for Kirtland Air Force Base was also recognized by Col. Michael Duvall, 377th Air Base Wing Commander, who singled out KFCU as the ‘‘Best in the Air Force’’ for its commitment to improving the quality of life of Kirtland per-sonnel. Mr. Speaker, I wish to commend Mr. David Seely for all of his success and his contribu-tions. We wish him well in his retirement. I thank David. He is an inspiration to us all. HONORING DENISE M. FORTE ON HER RETIREMENT FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank and pay tribute to Denise Forte, who is my staff director on the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. After a remarkable 20 plus year career in federal service, today is Denise’s last day with us. Denise first came to Capitol Hill as a Wom-en’s Research and Education Institute fellow in my personal office in 1994. While she re-ceived her degree in computer science from Duke University, Denise’s fellowship on Cap-itol Hill made her realize her true professional calling—helping ensure America’s children have equality access to a quality education. I recognized her talent and; at the conclusion of her fellowship, hired her as a full-time em-ployee where she excelled at several posi-tions, including as my legislative director. Her passion and talent eventually caught the attention of Congressman George Miller, the former Ranking Member and Chairman of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Denise seized an opportunity to join the Com-mittee in 2001, where she served in succes-sively senior roles, eventually becoming Con-gressman Miller’s director of education policy. During her initial service with the Committee, Denise played integral roles in major reforms, including the No Child Left Behind Act, the College Cost Reduction Act, Child Nutrition Reauthorization, reauthorization of the Juve-nile Justice Delinquency and Prevention Act, and the Student Aid and Responsibility Act, amongst others. Denise left the Committee in early 2011 to join the Obama Administration at the Depart-ment of Education’s Office of Planning, Eval-uation, and Policy Development as a deputy assistant secretary. In that capacity, she pro-vided strategic advice and counsel to Sec-retary of Education Arne Duncan. Denise also directed and managed several policy port-folios, including overseeing budget, higher education, and early education policy develop-ment. In late 2014, my colleagues in the House Democratic Caucus elected me to succeed George Miller as Ranking Member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. I immediately knew who I wanted to help me assemble a staff and lead my team—Denise Forte. As my colleagues know, Denise is well- regarded and respected by Members and staff on both sides of the aisle. She is known to care deeply and fight vigorously for what she believes in, but Denise always remains fo-cused on achieving what’s possible. She un-derstands the importance of building bridges and working to identify policy areas on which Committee Democrats and Republicans can agree. The best example of that is the most recent reauthorization of our nation’s landmark edu-cation law, the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. Despite an increasingly polar-ized environment, Denise believed in the pos-sible and led my team to realize a full rewrite of the law in the Every Student Succeeds Act, which was enacted last Congress with over-whelming bipartisan support. Denise led our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06NO8.022 E06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1516 November 6, 2017 
team’s effort and helped us accomplish some-thing that hadn’t been done in nearly 15 years. Denise Forte built her career in public serv-ice on getting results, making meaningful progress for America’s students and working families, and helping this institution function ef-fectively. She cares deeply about Congress and our Committee’s mission, and she will be greatly missed. I wish her well as she gets to spend a little extra time with her husband, Kyo, and her beloved sons, Gabe and Johnny, before she starts her next adventure at the Century Foundation. Mr. Speaker, I speak for my staff, Chair-woman V
IRGINIA FOXX, and all the members of the Committee on Education and the Work-force in thanking Denise Forte for her more than two decades of honorable service to this institution and the American people. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DELORIS STENZEL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Deloris Stenzel and her late husband Glen, of Ham-burg, Iowa, for receiving the 2017 Farm Fam-ily of the Year Award by the Shenandoah Chamber and Industry Association. Deloris and Glen were college sweethearts and they attended Northwest Missouri State University. They returned to the family farming operation where they managed their farms for decades and were blessed with two children, Deb and Steven. Deloris and Glen were active in their community, and Glen served on nu-merous area boards and committees. To-gether, they were always eager to lend a help-ing hand to neighbors, whether it was pulling someone out of a ditch, delivering meals, or helping combine a neighbor’s field. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud to represent commu-nity leaders like the Stenzels in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating the Stenzels for this outstanding achievement and in wishing them nothing but the best. 
f 
LEGALIZATION OF MARIJUANA 
HON. JARED POLIS 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, five years ago, Colorado voters chose to amend the State Constitution to legalize the cultivation, sale, and personal use of marijuana for people 21 years of age or older. Today, Colorado is home to a growing marijuana economy which has created 23,000 jobs in the industry and in excess of $200 million in tax revenue which helps to fund our schools. States like Colorado, and now dozens of other states, have proven that allowing re-sponsible adults to legally purchase marijuana, gives money to classrooms, not cartels; cre-ates jobs, not addicts; and boosts our econ-omy, not our prison population. Colorado ought to be an example for the nation, and it is past time we lift the federal prohibition on marijuana. That’s why I’m proud to sponsor the Regulate Marijuana Like Alco-hol Act, which allows each state to decide for itself whether to legalize marijuana. In addi-tion, I will continue to attempt to restrict the Department of Justice from enforcing federal marijuana laws in states where it is legal. Earlier in 2017, I launched the bipartisan Cannabis Caucus with Rep. EARL BLU-
MENAUER , Rep. D ANAROHRABACHER , and Rep. D
ONYOUNG . The caucus will serve as an im-portant working group to discuss marijuana policy and its future, moving Congress into the 21st century on drug policy. I applaud the pioneers of the cannabis in-dustry in Colorado and nationwide. The perse-verance and hard work to create a new model of legalization is commendable. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MALVERN BANK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Malvern Bank of Malvern, Iowa, for celebrating 125 years in business. The bank was founded in 1892. Kate McGann, Executive Vice President said, ‘‘after 125 years, we’re hitting the refresh button with a new name and logo.’’ Through-out its existence, Malvern Bank has gone through a number of name changes beginning in 1906 when it became Malvern National Bank, and in 1929, when Iowa banking laws changed to permit expanded trust offerings, the bank became the Malvern Trust & Savings Bank. Finally, it was in 1946 that Eugene W. Burdic became president of the bank, and since then his family has retained ownership. They have remained at their original location on 404 Main Street, continuing to providing the same type of customer service and com-munity leadership the bank was founded on. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud to represent Malvern Bank in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating them for this outstanding achievement and in wishing everyone at the Malvern Bank nothing but continued success. 
f 
RETIREMENT OF JUSTICE PHILIP G. MINARDO 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the remarkable career of Justice Philip G. Minardo. Justice Philip Minardo was born and raised in Brooklyn where he later attended St. Mi-chael’s Diocesan High School. In 1963, he graduated from Manhattan College with a B.A. in Economics, and later received his J.D. from St. John’s University of Law in 1967. In De-cember 1968, John M. Braisted, Jr. appointed Philip as an Assistant District Attorney for Richmond County. He served in this position for over seven years and played a role in the successful prosecution of countless felony cases in Staten Island. After leaving the Rich-mond County District Attorney’s office, he started his own law firm in September 1976 focusing on civil and criminal cases. After Philip’s election to the Richmond County Bar Association’s (RCBA) Board of Di-rectors, he became President in 1987, and as such represented then-Supreme Court Justice Frank Ponterio on behalf of the RCBA in the U.S. Supreme Court case Board of Estimate of City of New York v. Morris. In 1995, he was elected as a Justice of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, 2nd Judicial District, which serves Brooklyn and Staten Island. After serving on the Supreme Court, Justice Minardo returned to Staten Island where he was appointed as the first Administrative Judge of Richmond County and thereafter, the first Administrative Judge of the newly created 13th Judicial District. Justice Minardo has also been the recipient of prestigious honors throughout his success-ful career. In 2010, he received the Rapallo Award by the Colombian Lawyers of the First Department. In addition, he was a recipient of the Good Scout Award for outstanding service while serving on the Board of Directors of the Staten Island Council of the Boy Scouts of America. While his accomplishments are im-pressive, Justice Philip Minardo places an im-mense amount of pride and joy in his family. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate Justice Philip G. Minardo on his retirement and on his exceptional career. He has been an out-standing jurist, and I laud him for his lifetime of dedication and success. f 
TRIBUTE TO JANET PETERSEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Janet Pe-tersen, Iowa State Senator and Co-Founder of Healthy Birth Day, Inc. for being named a 2017 Women of Influence honoree by the award-winning central Iowa Publication, Busi-ness Record. For 18 years, the Business Record has un-dertaken an exhaustive annual review to iden-tify a standout group of women who have made a significant difference in business, civic, and philanthropic endeavors throughout the Greater Des Moines Area. Janet didn’t always believe she was some-one who wanted to be at the forefront of pub-lic policy. It was through her life experiences that she was ultimately called to public serv-ice. During her time in the Iowa State Legisla-ture, she has been a formidable advocate on the issues she is passionate about. Janet is also the founder of a nonprofit organization called Healthy Birth Day, which teaches prospecting parents how to track the move-ments of their child in the third trimester. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Janet in the United States Congress and I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her for receiving this esteemed designation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06NO8.026 E06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1517 November 6, 2017 
thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and in wishing Janet nothing but the best. 
f 
HONORING SUSAN POPOVICH 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of a woman who was dedicated to public service and advocacy. Susan Popovich focused on the needs of her community throughout her life and was a source of hope for many in Santa Fe, New Mexico. Susan began her career as an educator in Pennsylvania and taught in Arizona for 14 years. After teaching, she continued her ca-reer in education by working for the National Education Association, where she worked for 23 years in several roles. She started out as an organizer and moved into the position of Regional Executive Director. She was also a Negotiations and Organizational Development Specialist with the NEA. Eventually, political activism became an important part of her life. Susan participated in political campaigns and completed hundreds of hours canvassing. In doing so, she became a friend to many in Santa Fe and deeply understood hardships the community faced. I also admire Susan for her work as a care-giver for her mother and brother through the end of their lives. She was selfless and giving, proven by the work she dedicated herself to and her care for others. Her life will continue to inspire educators, activists, and politicians. A life led by such a devoted woman will be remembered and felt in the community for many years to come. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 2017 INDUCTEES TO THE WYOMING BUSINESS HALL OF FAME 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Lois Herbst, Pat-rick and Paul Hladky, and Maury Brown on being inducted into the Wyoming Business Hall of Fame. The Wyoming Business Hall of Fame was founded in 2013 by the University of Wyo-ming’s College of Business, the Wyoming Business Alliance/Wyoming Heritage Founda-tion, and the Wyoming Business Council. It recognizes those who go above and beyond for their businesses and their communities. Lois, Patrick, Paul, and Maury each have made an excellent example for their families, friends, and residents across the state through their hard work, leadership, and tenacity. This year’s inductees have been successful in their businesses and have become integral parts of their communities: Throughout her impressive career, Lois Herbst has helped run her family’s ranch, the Herbst Lazy TY Ranch LLP, and has served on many state agriculture boards. She was in-ducted into the Wyoming Agriculture Hall of Fame in 1999, and has served as the presi-dent of the Wyoming Stock Growers Associa-tion, the first and only woman to hold that post, as well as on the Wyoming State Graz-ing Board. Since taking over operation of their father’s business, Cyclone Drilling, Patrick and Paul Hladky have expanded it into a business that employs more than 700 people, operating throughout the Rockies. They are active in their community and believe that economic de-velopment depends on an educated work-force. This belief has driven their commitment to supporting educational opportunities throughout Gillette and the state. Maury Brown is the owner of two busi-nesses in Wyoming: Town and Country Super-market Liquors, and Maurice Brown Explo-ration. He is dedicated to philanthropy, receiv-ing multiple local awards, including the 2013 Greater Cheyenne Chamber of Commerce’s Person of the Year award. I would like to thank Lois, Patrick, Paul, and Maury for their continued dedication and significant contribu-tions to Wyoming’s economy and community. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to the 2017 inductees to the Wyoming Business Hall of Fame. Lois, Patrick, Paul, and Maury deserve to be ex-tremely proud of this accomplishment. f 
TRIBUTE TO SUSAN HATTEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Susan Hatten for being named the 2017 Emerging Woman of Influence by the award-winning central Iowa Publication, Business Record. Susan has shared her talents and abilities through decades of service to organizations including, Variety, WineFest Des Moines, and The United Way of Central Iowa. For 18 years, the Business Record has un-dertaken an exhaustive annual review to iden-tify a standout group of women who have made a significant difference in business, civic, and philanthropic endeavors throughout the Greater Des Moines Area. Susan began her career in marketing and public relations with the Sigler Company and later joined Holmes Murphy and Association in 2014 as a senior consultant. According to Susan, both organizations have been nothing but supportive of volunteer efforts in the com-munity allowing her to make the necessary time commitment to have a real, lasting impact on her community. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent community leaders like Susan in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Susan Hatten on re-ceiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing Susan nothing but the best. RECOGNIZING FALLING SPRING ELEMENTARY SCHOOL FOR BEING HONORED AS A 2017 NA-TIONAL BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Falling Spring Elementary School on being honored as a 2017 National Blue Ribbon School. The outstanding nomination from the Pennsylvania Department of Edu-cation comes after a vast amount of activities and efforts which were implemented at the Falling Spring School for the betterment of their students. Falling Spring Elementary School has shown outstanding academic achievements through continual improvements of resources and materials provided to the students, the ap-plication of strategies that engage students in their learning, maximizing instructional time with students, and presenting a model of ex-pected outcomes for students to follow. The integration of SMART boards and iPads in each classroom allows for teachers to better incorporate realistic examples of materials, motivate students with fun activities, and pro-vide more direct communication. Not only is Falling Spring Elementary laser focused on student learning, but it also offers additional opportunities for students to grow. The school garden allows students in grades K–5 to come together as one through plan-ning, planting, and maintaining garden beds, and provides them the chance to have fresh produce tastings in the fall and spring. In addi-tion to the school run garden, they also have a recycling and composting program where students assist with composting and recycling of materials from within the school cafeteria. Falling Spring Elementary School offers a wide variety of clubs that appeal to the inter-ests of all students. These clubs range from the STEM club with activities focused on science, technology, engineering and math, to the Compassion in Action club which has raised awareness for kindness in the school and the community. One exemplary program offered at Falling Springs is the SOAR or Stu-dent Leadership club. Over the years, SOAR has developed the school pledge, addressed bullying issues, and organized a positive in-centive program. The school has also incor-porated a Parent Teacher Association which consists of parents who are deeply committed to supporting students and contributing to the success of the children within their community. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to congratulate the students, staff, and parents of Falling Spring Elementary School for this outstanding nomination. The level of care and dedication to the success of the students necessary for an award such as a Blue Ribbon School is clearly shown in Falling Spring Elementary School, and it is an honor to recognize them for this wonderful achievement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06NO8.031 E06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1518 November 6, 2017 
HONORING EVAN CLARK 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Evan Clark, a student at Sandia Prep in Albu-querque, N.M., who has made a name for himself as an advocate in the fight to eliminate Type 1 Juvenile Diabetes. Evan was diag-nosed as having diabetes when he was 7 years old. Now, at age 15, Evan is bringing awareness to the disease at a national level. Evan currently serves as New Mexico’s del-egate to JDRF 2017 Children’s Congress. He was one of 164 delegates chosen by JDRF, the leading global organization funding Type 1 Diabetes research. He recently traveled to Washington, D.C., to participate in the Chil-dren’s Congress, which included a Town Hall forum with delegates, professional athletes, actors and news anchors. Evan also participated in a hearing before the U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging, where he and other delegates urged Congress to continue to fund diabetes research. They emphasized the organization’s key principles for healthcare reform, and the need for robust annual funding for the National Institutes of Health and the U.S. Food and Drug Adminis-tration. In New Mexico, Evan is a frequent speaker at JDRF events, such as the walk, the gala, Type 1 Nation, and other events that raise awareness and money for diabetes research. In 2012, Evan’s family was named the ‘‘Eter-nal Hope Honoree Family’’ during that year’s gala, where 400 guests raised more than $300,000 for JDRF. Evan was most proud of the fact that his own school and classmates donated money to fund a cure to help him. When he’s not advocating for JDRF, Evan enjoys the outdoors. He is an avid fisherman, rifleman and marksman. He also enjoys flag football, basketball and track. Evan is an inspiration to his family, friends and the entire community in New Mexico. He has taken on a major challenge in the battle against Type 1 Juvenile Diabetes. I am con-fident we can find a cure as long as we invest in research. And I have no doubt Evan will en-sure that those investments continue. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NISHNA VALLEY CREDIT UNION 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, November 6, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Nishna Valley Credit Union of Atlantic, Iowa, for cele-brating 60 years in business. Tim Marcsisak, CEO of the Credit Union said, ‘‘they literally started out raising capital by asking folks to join the Credit Union and put deposits in there, and when they had enough deposits, they turned around, and started loaning it back out.’’ Today, 26 coun-ties in Iowa and Missouri are eligible to join the credit union. Fourteen employees work in their two locations, and there are 5,000 mem-bers who have joined the Credit Union. New technology has been the greatest change in the operation of their business and that has al-lowed them to continually grow. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud to represent busi-nesses like Nishna Valley Credit Union in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them for this outstanding achievement and in wishing them all nothing but the best. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, No-vember 7, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
NOVEMBER 8 9:45 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 1693, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of inter-active computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relat-ing to sex trafficking, S. 1668, to re-name a waterway in the State of New York as the ‘‘Joseph Sanford Jr. Chan-nel’’, and the nominations of Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission, James Bridenstine, of Okla-homa, to be Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration, Neil Jacobs, of North Carolina, and Nazakhtar Nikakhtar, of Mary-land, both to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, Bruce Landsberg, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, Raymond Martinez, of New Jersey, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and Diana Furchtgott-Roth, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of Transportation, and Leon A. Westmoreland, of Georgia, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine protecting consumers in the era of major data breaches. SD–106 10 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Kathleen Hartnett White, of Texas, to be a Member of the Council on Environmental Quality, and Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Kirstjen Nielsen, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the impact of lawsuit abuse on American small businesses and job creators. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 1400, to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protections of Native Amer-ican tangible cultural heritage, and S. 465, to provide for an independent out-side audit of the Indian Health Service. SD–628 3 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy To receive a closed briefing on a readout of Ambassador Haley’s recent trip to Africa. S–116 NOVEMBER 9 9:30 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Glen R. Smith, of Iowa, to be a Member of the Farm Credit Adminis-tration Board, and Stephen Alexander Vaden, of Tennessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agri-culture. SR–328A 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Robert H. McMahon, of Geor-gia, to be an Assistant Secretary, R. D. James, of Missouri, and Bruce D. Jette, of Virginia, both to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army, and Shon J. Manasco, of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, all of the Department of Defense. SD–G50 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 2070, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reau-thorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Dis-ease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism, and the nomina-tions of Gregory G. Katsas, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia Circuit, Jef-frey Uhlman Beaverstock, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Emily Coody Marks, and Brett Joseph Talley, both to be a United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, Holly Lou Teeter, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kan-sas, and Bobby L. Christine, to be United States Attorney for the South-ern District of Georgia, and David J. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06NO8.036 E06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1519 November 6, 2017 
Freed, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Pennsylvania, both of the Department of Justice. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Kirstjen Nielsen, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security, Ernest W. Dubester, of Virginia, Col-leen Kiko, of North Dakota, and James Thomas Abbott, of Virginia, each to be a Member of the Federal Labor Rela-tions Authority, and Jonathan H. Pitt-man, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Co-lumbia. SD–342 NOVEMBER 14 9:30 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine hurricane recovery efforts in Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Is-lands. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M06NO8.000 E06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D1173 Monday, November 6, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7005–S7032 Measures Introduced: Eight bills were introduced, as follows: S. 2075–2082.
                             Pages S7015–16 
Measures Passed: TSP Modernization Act: Senate passed H.R. 3031, to amend title 5, United States Code, to pro-vide for flexibility in making withdrawals from a Thrift Savings Plan account.
                                Page S7029 
Department of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign Authorization Act: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1370, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to issue Department of Homeland Security-wide guidance and develop training programs as part of the Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                   Pages S7029–30 
McConnell (for Johnson/McCaskill) Amendment No. 1579, in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                    Pages S7029–30 
Messages from the President: Senate received the following messages from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13712 of No-vember 22, 2015, with respect to Burundi; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–19)
                      Page S7014 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 12170 of No-vember 14, 1979, with respect to Iran; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–20)
                        Pages S7014–15 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 12938 of No-vember 14, 1994, with respect to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–21)                                                        Page S7015 
Engel Nomination: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Steven Andrew Engel, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be an Assistant Attorney Gen-eral, Department of Justice.
                         Pages S7005–11 
Nominations—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the order of Thursday, November 2, 2017, which notwith-standing Rule XXII, be modified to have all Execu-tive Session cloture motions ripen following the dis-position of the nomination of John H. Gibson II, of Texas, to be Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense; and that if cloture is in-voked on the nomination of Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant At-torney General, Department of Justice, the time post-cloture be counted as if invoked at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, November 6, 2017.
                       Page S7005 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 11 a.m., on Tuesday, November 7, 2017, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of John H. Gibson II, of Texas, to be Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Depart-ment of Defense, under the order of October 26, 2017.
                                                                                Page S7030 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7015 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7015 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S7015 
Executive Communications:                             Page S7015 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7016–17 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7017–18 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S7014 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7019–20 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06NO7.REC D06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1174 November 6, 2017 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:11 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, No-vember 7, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7030.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 9 public bills, H.R. 4254–4262, were introduced.
     Page H8522 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H8523 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3122, to protect individuals who are eligible for increased pension under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on the basis of need of regular aid and attendance from dishonest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices, and for other pur-poses, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–385); H.R. 3562, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptations of residences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–386); H.R. 3656, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligibility date for provision of Department of Veterans Affairs memo-rial headstones and markers for eligible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are unavailable, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–387); H.R. 3657, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide headstones and markers for the graves of spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–388); H.R. 1066, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report regarding the organizational structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 115–389); H.R. 918, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish mental health care to certain former members of the Armed Forces who are not otherwise eligible to re-ceive such care, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–390); H. Res. 607, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3043) to modernize hydropower policy, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3441) to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (H. Rept. 115–391); and H.R. 2148, to amend the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Act to clarify capital requirements for certain acquisition, development, or construction loans, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–392).
            Pages H8521–22 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Comer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H8499 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:06 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H8500 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 222 yeas to 169 nays with 3 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 609. 
                                                                      Pages H8500, H8510–11 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:19 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H8502 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Amending title 38, United States Code, to au-thorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptations of residences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title: H.R. 3562, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptations of resi-dences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 400 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 607; 
                                                                      Pages H8502–04, H8509 
Veterans Affairs Management Alignment Act of 2017: H.R. 1066, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report regarding the organizational structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs, by a 2/3 yea- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06NO7.REC D06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1175 November 6, 2017 
and-nay vote of 399 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 608;
                                        Pages H8504–05, H8510 
Veterans Care Financial Protection Act of 2017: H.R. 3122, amended, to protect individuals who are eligible for increased pension under laws adminis-tered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on the basis of need of regular aid and attendance from dis-honest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices; 
                                                                                    Pages H8505–07 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To di-rect the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to include on the internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs a warning regarding dishonest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices targeting individuals who are eligible for increased pension on the basis of need for regular aid and attendance, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                                     Page H8507 
Amending title 38, United States Code, to pro-vide for a consistent eligibility date for provision of Department of Veterans Affairs memorial headstones and markers for eligible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are unavailable: H.R. 3656, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligibility date for provision of Department of Vet-erans Affairs memorial headstones and markers for eligible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are unavailable; and
                  Page H8507 
Amending title 38, United States Code, to au-thorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide headstones and markers for the graves of spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries: H.R. 3657, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide headstones and markers for the graves of spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries;
        Pages H8508–09 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide certain burial benefits for spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H8509 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:15 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H8509 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment of silence in memory of the victims of the attack in Sutherland Springs, Texas.
                            Pages H8509–10 
Presidential Messages: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency with respect to Burundi that was declared in Executive Order 13712 of November 22, 2015 is to continue in effect beyond November 22, 2017—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–76).                                                                                             Page H8502 
Read a message from the President wherein he no-tified Congress that the national emergency with re-spect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12170 of November 14, 1979 is to continue in ef-fect beyond November 14, 2017—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–77).
                                   Page H8502 
Read a message from the President wherein he no-tified Congress that the national emergency with re-spect to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruc-tion that was declared in Executive Order 12938 of November 14, 1994 is to continue in effect beyond November 14, 2017—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–78).
                                                                         Page H8502 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H8509, H8510, and H8510–11. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:29 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
HYDROPOWER POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2017; SAVE LOCAL BUSINESS ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 3043, the ‘‘Hydropower Policy Modernization Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3441, the ‘‘Save Local Busi-ness Act’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–2, a structured rule for H.R. 3043. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Energy and Com-merce now printed in the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06NO7.REC D06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1176 November 6, 2017 
rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for consideration of H.R. 3441 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted and that the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Walden and Foxx, and Representatives Rush, Babin, Garamendi, LaMalfa, Grothman, and Scott of Virginia. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 1, the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1140) 
H.J. Res. 111, providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Arbitration Agree-ments’’. Signed on November 1, 2017. (Public Law 115–74) H.R. 1329, to increase, effective as of December 1, 2017, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of de-pendency and indemnity compensation for the sur-vivors of certain disabled veterans. Signed on No-vember 2, 2017. (Public Law 115–75) H.R. 1616, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute. Signed on November 2, 2017. (Public Law 115–76) H.R. 2989, to establish the Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission. Signed on November 2, 2017. (Public Law 115–77) S. 190, to provide for consideration of the exten-sion under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of nonapplication of No-Load Mode energy efficiency standards to certain security or life safety alarms or surveillance systems. Signed on November 2, 2017. (Public Law 115–78) S. 504, to permanently authorize the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Pro-gram. Signed on November 2, 2017. (Public Law 115–79) S. 920, to establish a National Clinical Care Com-mission. Signed on November 2, 2017. (Public Law 115–80) S. 1617, to designate the checkpoint of the United States Border Patrol located on United States Highway 77 North in Sarita, Texas, as the ‘‘Javier Vega, Jr. Border Patrol Checkpoint’’. Signed on No-vember 2, 2017. (Public Law 115–81) S. 782, to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program. Signed on November 2, 2017. (Public Law 115–82) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Robert Behler, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, Dean L. Winslow, of Delaware, to be an Assistant Secretary, Thomas B. Modly, of Maryland, to be Under Secretary of the Navy, and James F. Geurts, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, all of the Department of Defense, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 1591, to impose sanctions with respect to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Communications, Technology, Innovation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine advancing the Internet of Things in rural America, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to receive a closed briefing on North Korea’s cyber capa-bilities and United States policy response, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Ernest W. Dubester, of Virginia, Colleen Kiko, of North Da-kota, and James Thomas Abbott, of Virginia, each to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence matters; to be imme-diately followed by a closed hearing to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06NO7.REC D06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1177 November 6, 2017 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘Discussion Draft, Energy Star Re-form Act of 2017 and H.R. 3477, Ceiling Fan Energy Conservation Harmonization Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Hous-ing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘Sustainable Housing Finance, Part III’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Federal Reserve Reform Proposals’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Mid-dle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Democracy and Governance in the Middle East and North Africa’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade; and Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Russia: Counterterrorism Partner or Fanning the Flames?’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Emer-gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, hearing entitled ‘‘How Effective is the Science and Tech-nology Directorate?: Stakeholder Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-titled ‘‘Examining Anti-Semitism on College Campuses’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘Sovereign Immunity and the Intellectual Property System’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Challenges in Puerto Rico’s Recov-ery and the Role of the Financial Oversight and Manage-ment Board’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-ing on legislation to distribute revenues from oil and gas leasing on the outer Continental Shelf to certain coastal States, to require sale of approved and scheduled offshore oil and gas leases, to establish offshore wind lease sale re-quirements, and to empower States to manage the devel-opment and production of oil and gas on available Federal land, and for other purposes, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Full Committee, begin markup on H.R. 995, the ‘‘21st Century Respect Act’’; H.R. 1532, the ‘‘Poarch Band of Creek Indians Land Reaffirmation Act’’; H.R. 1800, to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain Fed-eral land to facilitate scientific research supporting Fed-eral space and defense programs; H.R. 2504, to ensure fair treatment in licensing requirements for the export of certain echinoderms; H.R. 2907, the ‘‘Planning for Amer-ican Energy Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3469, to designate the bridge located in Blount County, Tennessee, on the Foot-hills Parkway (commonly known as ‘‘Bridge 2’’) as the ‘‘Dean Stone Bridge’’; H.R. 3905, the ‘‘Minnesota’s Eco-nomic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act’’; H.R. 4239, the ‘‘SECURE American Energy Act’’; and S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, 5 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 2201, the ‘‘Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act’’; and H.R. 2874, the ‘‘21st Century Flood Reform Act’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Energy, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Investing in Small Businesses: The SBIC Program’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of November 7 through November 10, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 11 a.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of John H. Gibson II, of Texas, to be Deputy Chief Manage-ment Officer of the Department of Defense, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 12 noon. Following disposition of the nomination of John H. Gibson II, Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination of Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assist-ant Attorney General, Department of Justice. Following disposition of the nomination of Steven Andrew Engel, Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination of Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board. Following disposition of the nomination of Peter B. Robb, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of William L. Wehrum, of Delaware, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Following disposition of the nomination of Wil-liam L. Wehrum, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Derek Kan, of California, to be Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Novem-ber 9, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Glen R. Smith, of Iowa, to be a Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, and Stephen Alexander Vaden, of Tennessee, to be General Counsel of the De-partment of Agriculture, 9:30 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Armed Services: November 7, to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Robert Behler, of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06NO7.REC D06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1178 November 6, 2017 Pennsylvania, to be Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, Dean L. Winslow, of Delaware, to be an As-sistant Secretary, Thomas B. Modly, of Maryland, to be Under Secretary of the Navy, and James F. Geurts, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, all of the Department of Defense, 10 a.m., SD–G50. November 9, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of Robert H. McMahon, of Geor-gia, to be an Assistant Secretary, R. D. James, of Mis-souri, and Bruce D. Jette, of Virginia, both to be an As-sistant Secretary of the Army, and Shon J. Manasco, of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, all of the Department of Defense, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: No- vember 7, business meeting to consider S. 1591, to im-pose sanctions with respect to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: No- vember 7, Subcommittee on Communications, Tech-nology, Innovation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine advancing the Internet of Things in rural Amer-ica, 10 a.m., SR–253. November 8, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 1693, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not pro-hibit the enforcement against providers and users of inter-active computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking, S. 1668, to rename a waterway in the State of New York as the ‘‘Joseph San-ford Jr. Channel’’, and the nominations of Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, James Bridenstine, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Neil Jacobs, of North Carolina, and Nazakhtar Nikakhtar, of Maryland, both to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Commerce, Bruce Landsberg, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, Raymond Martinez, of New Jersey, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Admin-istration, and Diana Furchtgott-Roth, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of Trans-portation, and Leon A. Westmoreland, of Georgia, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors; to be imme-diately followed by a hearing to examine protecting con-sumers in the era of major data breaches, 9:45 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Environment and Public Works: November 8, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Kathleen Hartnett White, of Texas, to be a Member of the Council on Environmental Quality, and Andrew Wheeler, of Vir-ginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: November 7, Sub-committee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to receive a closed briefing on North Korea’s cyber capabilities and United States policy response, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. November 8, Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy, to receive a closed briefing on a readout of Ambassador Haley’s recent trip to Africa, 3 p.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: November 7, to hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Ernest W. Dubester, of Virginia, Colleen Kiko, of North Dakota, and James Thomas Abbott, of Virginia, each to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Au-thority, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. November 8, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nomination of Kirstjen Nielsen, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SD–342. November 9, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nominations of Kirstjen Nielsen, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security, Ernest W. Dubester, of Virginia, Colleen Kiko, of North Dakota, and James Thomas Abbott, of Virginia, each to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, and Jonathan H. Pittman, to be an Associate Judge of the Su-perior Court of the District of Columbia, 10:30 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: November 8, to hold hear-ings to examine S. 1400, to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protections of Native American tangible cultural heritage, and S. 465, to provide for an independent outside audit of the Indian Health Service, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: November 8, to hold hear-ings to examine the impact of lawsuit abuse on American small businesses and job creators, 10 a.m., SD–226. November 9, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2070, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism, and the nominations of Greg-ory G. Katsas, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia Circuit, Jeffrey Uhlman Beaverstock, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Emily Coody Marks, and Brett Joseph Talley, both to be a United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, Holly Lou Teeter, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas, and Bobby L. Christine, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Geor-gia, and David J. Freed, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Pennsylvania, both of the Depart-ment of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: November 7, closed busi-ness meeting to consider pending intelligence matters; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, November 9, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘Aviation Readiness: What’s the Flight Plan?’’, 10:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, November 8, Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education; and Subcommittee on Higher Edu-cation and Workforce Development, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘Close to Home: How Opioids are Impacting Com-munities’’, 10:30 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06NO7.REC D06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1179 November 6, 2017 Committee on Energy and Commerce, November 8, Sub-committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘MACRA and Al-ternative Payment Models: Developing Options for Value-based Care’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. November 9, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Perspectives on Mixed Martial Arts’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. November 9, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing on legislation on the Farm Regulatory Certainty Act, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, November 8, Sub-committee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Administration Priorities for the International Fi-nancial Institutions’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. November 8, Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance, hearing entitled ‘‘Financial Intelligence and En-forcement: Treasury’s Role in Safeguarding the American Financial System’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, November 8, Sub-committee on the Middle East and North Africa; and Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘The President’s Plan for Afghanistan and Pakistan: Objectives and Resources’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. November 8, Subcommittee on the Western Hemi-sphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Effectiveness of the Kingpin Designation Act in the Western Hemi-sphere’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. November 9, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Resolving the Political Crisis in the Democratic Republic of the Congo’’, 9 a.m., 2172 Ray-burn. Committee on Homeland Security, November 8, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Preventing the Next Attack: TSA’s Role in Keeping Our Transportation Systems Se-cure’’, 10:30 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, November 8, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 3989, the ‘‘USA Liberty Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 170, the ‘‘Protect and Grow American Jobs Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, November 8, Full Com-mittee, continue markup on H.R. 995, the ‘‘21st Century Respect Act’’; H.R. 1532, the ‘‘Poarch Band of Creek In-dians Land Reaffirmation Act’’; H.R. 180, to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain Federal land to facilitate scientific research supporting Federal space and defense programs; H.R. 2504, to ensure fair treatment in licensing requirements for the export of certain echinoderms; H.R. 2907, the ‘‘Planning for American En-ergy Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3469, to designate the bridge located in Blount County, Tennessee, on the Foothills Parkway (commonly known as ‘‘Bridge 2’’) as the ‘‘Dean Stone Bridge’’; H.R. 3905, the ‘‘Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act’’; H.R. 4239, the ‘‘SECURE American Energy Act’’; and S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, 10 a.m., 1324 Long-worth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, November 8, Subcommittee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Moving the American Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem: Challenges and Opportunities’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, November 8, Subcommittee on Environment; and Subcommittee on Energy, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Geoengineering: Innova-tion, Research, and Technology’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. November 9, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘An Update on NASA Exploration Systems Develop-ment’’, 9:30 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, November 8, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Hiring More Heroes: A Review of SBA’s Office of Veterans Business Development’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, November 8, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 4242, the ‘‘VA Care in the Community Act’’, and H.R. 4243, the ‘‘VA Asset and In-frastructure Review Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. November 8, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the Interagency Transition Assistance Program and the Need for Enhanced Outcome Measurements’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06NO7.REC D06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1180 November 6, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, November 7 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 11 a.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of John H. Gibson II, of Texas, to be Deputy Chief Management Of-ficer of the Department of Defense, and vote on confirma-tion of the nomination at approximately 12 noon. Following disposition of the nomination of John H. Gibson II, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the nomination of Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Attorney Gen-eral, Department of Justice. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, November 7 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 3441— Save Local Business Act (Subject to a Rule). Consider-ation of H.R. 3043—Hydropower Policy Modernization Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of meas-ures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1509 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1507, E1513 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E1514 Cheney, Liz, Wyo., E1517 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1516 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1508, E1510, E1511 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1507 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E1515 Garamendi, John, Calif., E1507, E1508, E1508, E1509, E1510, E1510, E1511, E1511, E1512, E1512 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1508 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1511 Keating, William R., Mass., E1509 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E1509 Loebsack, David, Iowa, E1511 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E1513, E1514, E1514, E1515, E1517, E1518 Marino, Tom, Pa., E1513 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E1508 Polis, Jared, Colo., E1510, E1516 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E1515 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1517 Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E1507 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1512 Walker, Mark, N.C., E1507, E1508, E1509, E1510, E1511, E1512, E1512 Young, David, Iowa, E1513, E1513, E1514, E1514, E1515, E1516, E1516, E1516, E1517, E1518 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E1512 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:44 Nov 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06NO7.REC D06NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST