Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7185 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 2017 No. 145 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, September 11, 2017, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , SEPTEMBER 8, 2017 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Lord of all creation, thank You for giving us another day. There are storms, literal and figu-rative, on the horizon of our great Na-tion. In Florida, and still Texas and Louisiana, millions of citizens struggle mightily to preserve those people they love and possessions they have. Bless them and those who strive to be of as-sistance to them. Fire storms rage in America’s west. Shelter those whose lives’ work is threatened by seemingly unquenchable flames, and protect those men and women who enter into the perilous bat-tle against destruction. And as these storms ravage our coasts, here in the Nation’s Capitol on-going conversations and promising movement raise in many a storm of protest, in others hopeful anticipation. It is the glory of our way of govern-ment, as difficult as it is. Bless all on both sides of the aisle who engage in these political struggles with the strength, wisdom, and patience they need to do their noble service to our Nation. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. HECK led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. CONGRATULATING ALLI RAGAN (Mr. BOST asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Alli Ragan, a native of Carbondale, Illinois, on winning a sil-ver medal at the 2017 World Wrestling Championships in Paris last month. Alli, the Pan American champion, won silver for the second straight year, and her strong performance helped pro-pel the U.S. team to a second place fin-ish in the tournament. Alli, southern Illinois is extremely proud of you, and we look forward to cheering you on for many years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING MAJOR GENERAL TIMOTHY LOWENBERG (Mr. HECK asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to recognize the passing of a friend of mine for 30 years—a friend to me, to our Nation, and a friend and champion to our servicemembers— Major General Timothy Lowenberg. Tim truly believed in service and began his public life at a young age, first in the Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps at the University of Iowa. It is rare in life to have the oppor-tunity to meet a person whose very courage is contagious—Tim’s was. A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.000 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7186 September 8, 2017 
person whose patriotism and steadfast advocacy never failed to inspire, but that was Tim. General Lowenberg testified before Congress many times as the adjutant general of Washington State. Many of you may have met him. He was always advocating for measures to keep us safe, and on behalf of his fellow serv-icemembers. Sadly, Tim died suddenly on August 27, leaving behind a legacy built over 44 years of service to the military and the community. His wife, Mary, and his daughter, Cathy, lost a devoted hus-band and loving father, and our State and Nation lost a true patriot. 
f 
APPRECIATING BEAUTIFUL GUATEMALA (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, an extraordinary highlight of August was visiting Guatemala to ob-serve the success for the Food for the Hungry organization. With Ambassador Tony Hall, a former Ohio Member of Congress, who is appreciated as a world champion in reducing poverty, and the Food for the Hungry director, Lucas Koach, I visited nutrition programs in very remote vil-lages of this beautiful country. The people have suffered deficiencies due to malnutrition, including stunted height and brain development. The communities we visited were so iso-lated that travel was accomplished by helicopter. The Food for the Hungry ambassadors worked tirelessly to pro-vide healthcare providers with coun-seling and nutritional supplements. We were welcomed by Guatemala’s Ambassador to the U.S., Manuel Espina, and Mario Bucaro, president of Guatemala Prospera. In Guatemala City, we met with the dynamic, young President Jimmy Morales and his tal-ented Cabinet, who expressed their ap-preciation for Food for the Hungry giv-ing Guatemalans the opportunity to have fulfilling and meaningful lives. We were grateful to attend a dinner with Guatemalan Caucus Chair K
EN B
UCKand World Food Programme Di-rector David Beasley, former Governor of South Carolina, who addressed the next morning’s congressional prayer breakfast in Guatemala City. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our prayers for all affected by Hurri-cane Irma. 
f 
LET’S HAVE AN UP OR DOWN VOTE ON THE DREAM ACT (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, this week, the President of the United States turned his back on our Nation’s immigrant heritage. With the repeal of DACA, he is creating havoc in the lives of 800,000 young Americans. Yes, Mr. President, these are Ameri-cans. The average DREAMer came here at age 6. Some of them were so young when they arrived that they do not re-member the journey. Many of them only speak English. And now you are going to deport them? That is how you make America great again? The President of the United States told DREAMers that they ‘‘did not have reason to worry’’ because he has a ‘‘big heart.’’ This decision belies that claim. It shows the heartless, small-minded, and fear-driven politics driving this admin-istration’s policies. Where the President has failed to show leadership, Members of Congress, from both parties, must step up. Mr. Speaker, bring to the floor today legis-lation to codify DACA. Let’s have an up-or-down vote on the Dream Act and protect these young people. They are the face of America. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The Chair will remind Members to direct their re-marks to the Chair. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BERRY GLOBAL ON 50TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor an impor-tant milestone for a Hoosier manufac-turer. Berry Global, located in Evansville, Indiana, recently celebrated its 50th anniversary. What started as an oper-ation of three employees has grown to an international powerhouse of 2,400 employees and 23,000 employees throughout the world. As the Evansville Courier and Press wrote recently, ‘‘Berry Global is an un-deniable Evansville success story.’’ Berry Global has been a pillar of our community and helped support our economy in southern Indiana. This success is an undeniable testa-ment to the hardworking men and women who go to work at Berry Global every day. Congratulations to everyone at Berry Global on a tremendous 50 years. Here is to the next 50. 
f 
DACA (Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of thousands of DREAMers across the country. This week, as you know, President Trump threatened to kick these chil-dren out of the only country they have ever known. In New York, we have over 40,000 DACA kids who work hard and con-tribute to our communities. And if the President or anyone thinks these DREAMers are somehow a threat to our country, well, I would like you to meet Laura Garcia. Laura is a neighbor of mine who lives in Orange County, New York. She was brought here from Mexico at 8 years old. She has lived here for nearly her entire life and done everything the right way, right here in the United States. Laura was elected vice president of her high school. She works three jobs to pay her way through Dutchess Com-munity College. In the few spare mo-ments she has, she volunteers to help others. Laura has DACA status, which means she is registered with the program. She paid a fee, she passed a criminal back-ground check, and she has stayed out of trouble. She has done everything we have asked her to do, and she has done it the right way. All of us would be proud to have a daughter like Laura. America has hun-dreds of thousands of sons and daugh-ters just like Laura. These are our chil-dren. So for those who say that DREAMers like Laura should go home, I say they can’t go home because they are home. This is their home. f 
CONGRATULATING LOWER BUCKS CAMPUS ON 10TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, this year, the Lower Bucks Campus of the Bucks County Community College celebrates their 10-year anniversary. Located in Bristol, this vibrant edu-cational hub provides many services to the lower Bucks County community. Offering day, evening, and Saturday classes, along with a host of cultural activities and civic-minded programs, the local campus provides an acces-sible, innovative, and engaging learn-ing environment for students, faculty, and our entire community. I am proud to recognize James Ewart, Rodney Miller, William Pezza, and Rose Marie Strippoli as the Lower Bucks Campus champions for their longstanding commitment to Bucks County Community College, the com-munity, and the entire region. They know the value that higher education brings to our high school graduates and many others in the Lower Bucks com-munity. These leaders empower students with the skills and credentials they need in order to secure employment in their fields, arming them with the capability to adapt and respond to the changing needs of tomorrow’s economy. Congratulations to each one of them and to the Bucks County Community College on reaching this 10-year mile-stone. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.002 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7187 September 8, 2017 
POSTAL SERVICE NEEDS TO BE RESPONSIVE (Mr. ENGEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call out the horrendous postal service my constituents in Westchester County, New York, are suffering. My constituents are missing pay-checks, and have had their mail thrown away. This is disgraceful, and I am ap-palled. I have requested several meetings with Postmaster General Megan Bren-nan, which have been ignored. Their actions are unacceptable and are bor-dering on incompetence. As a Member of Congress, I demand the Postmaster General take responsibility and correct the problems my constituents are fac-ing. Although the House is in session today, I am here to join my colleague, Senator S
CHUMER , who is in my district today, calling for an investigation. To-gether, we will continue to push for greater oversight of the post offices in Westchester, New York, until these matters are resolved. 
f 
IMMIGRATION BILL ENDORSED (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues may be aware of a legal immigration reform bill that increases skilled workers needed in America, re-duces the chain migration of non-im-mediate relatives, and saves jobs for American workers. This is to alert Members to the wel-come endorsement by many in the na-tional media. Even President Clinton liked the idea. That was when similar legislation was recommended by the Jordan Com-mission, chaired by the Texas Demo-crat, former Member Barbara Jordan. Today, similar legislation is opposed by these same newspapers. How time, or at least the political party of the au-thors, changes. Most of the national media supports more open borders and increased levels of immigration, contrary to a majority of the American people. But Congress needs to approve an im-migration bill that puts the interests of Americans first. 
f 
b0915 JUNE TRADE DEFICIT/TRUMP SCORECARD (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, President Trump promised to fix our trade defi-cits and bring back American jobs. Seven months into this administration, wages are flat and workers continue to get pink slips. The administration has not made its promises on NAFTA come true, and as of June, the end of June, the decision on steelworkers has not been done. President Trump made promises to working people and spoke endlessly about trade during the campaign, and now he has an opportunity to rewrite those economic rules for NAFTA on this continent. He could make it work for working people rather than for transnational corporate interests at the expense of everyone else. We should fix NAFTA’s lax labor standards, and the citizens of our continent would benefit. Our people have had hundreds of thousands of jobs outsourced to Mex-ico. Workers in Mexico earn about $3.95 an hour in the auto plants, about one- ninth of average workers here north of the border. Meanwhile, our trade defi-cits have been increasing across the board with Mexico, which translates into more outsourced jobs and, of course, more trade deficits with the world. The June 2017 trade deficit on this chart confirms the year-to-date goods and services deficit increased by over 10 percent over last year. America can create good jobs here at home, but it can’t happen without fix-ing trade agreements that are seriously out of balance, starting with NAFTA. Mr. President, please fix NAFTA. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO HOUSE AMENDMENT TO SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 601, REIN-FORCING EDUCATION ACCOUNT-ABILITY IN DEVELOPMENT ACT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 509 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 509 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 601) to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and im-proved learning outcomes, to eliminate du-plication and waste, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment there-to, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Ap-propriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amend-ment. The Senate amendment and the mo-tion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to adoption without intervening motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), pend-ing which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this rule, and I be-lieve the entire country understands why we have the underlying legislation that we have before us today. The rule provides for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 601, the Hurricane Supple-mental, Debt Limit, Continuing Appro-priations, and Flood Insurance Pack-age. Mr. Speaker, what this means is that the United States Congress, the House of Representatives, first acted in re-sponse to the hurricane that hit Texas and Louisiana and caused flooding across the United States. We then passed that directly to the United States Senate, in working with the President of the United States and the administration, and the Senate has provided back the necessary agreement that they passed. That is why we are here today. We are here today because this great Nation is finding itself in a desperate plight of fighting with, for, and against Mother Nature, in an effort to provide the citizens of the United States of America with the assurances that, at a time when FEMA is engaged in over 30 different efforts across the country, the United States Congress is nimble enough and able enough to see the need of the people of the United States and to respond appropriately. It is a private-public partnership that takes place not just with the Federal Government, but it is a government-to- government relationship that takes place also with the United States FEMA organization representing the administration and the American peo-ple of the States in which those people reside. I must tell you that I have been im-pressed with not only the actions that the Federal Government has taken, but I am proud each morning that I stand up and see FEMA and its representa-tives discussing, preparing, and pro-viding the American people with the necessary information, the cause and the backup to be prepared for what lies ahead. This legislation directly addresses the critical responses that are needed by this Nation and meets the funding obligations of the Nation. My fellow Texans, several of whom will be speak-ing this morning on the rule, are men 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.004 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7188 September 8, 2017 
who were directly in the face of the storm; and the people whom they rep-resent and the people who have con-fidence in them are asking them for the necessary proper help that the United States Government would wish to give. These men and women of the Texas delegation have seen this prob-lem together, and they are addressing it as a team. We come together not just as Repub-lican and Democrat, men and women, but we come together as a nation. And quite honestly, Mr. Speaker, Texans are overwhelmed with the response that we have seen not just from our colleagues, but the wishes, hopes, and prayers of this Nation, those who have come to Texas and are helping us out. We now turn our thoughts and ideas and prayers to others who are in harm’s way. We are well aware that it has come across our territories, it is entering the United States soon, per-haps as early as this morning, and we have done our work here today and will get that work done as we finalize the vote. We appreciate and respect and thank the Nation for its support. Please know that this legislation provides us, today, essential emergency disaster relief for those areas dev-astated by storms. A $15.25 billion emergency supplemental package is contained within this legislation. What we intend to do is to provide this and make it available to the States, where our elected officials will be admin-istering the things that will make them available, along with FEMA, to the American people and to the people who were affected. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I received a call from a gentleman, George P. Bush, who is our land commissioner in Texas. Commissioner Bush asked me to not only thank the United States Congress, but also the American people. He asked me, along with Governor Greg Abbott from the State of Texas, to thank the American people for standing with us. We may have been in harm’s way, we may have seen over 50 inches of rain, we may have tens of thousands of peo-ple who are still in harm’s way, but we are not too proud to say thank you, thank you to this great Nation for hearing our call, seeing our need, and, today, providing the necessary re-sources to help us rebuild our lives. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to ac-knowledge all the communities facing the impacts of Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma. There are also two other hurricanes, Jose and Katia, gain-ing strength right now in the Atlantic. This is the first time since 2010 that there have been three active hurricanes at one time in the Atlantic basin. Our rising waters and warming seas are contributing to the historic storms we are seeing now. We also can’t forget the falling per-mafrost in Alaska. It was called perma-frost, obviously, because it was going to be permanent. Scientists estimate this could drive up the Earth’s tem-perature by as much as 1.7 degrees Fahrenheit. If this isn’t enough to make clear the perils of climate change, I don’t know what it will take. Mr. Speaker, I am relieved that a bi-partisan compromise has been reached on some of the most important and ur-gent matters that we face. The bill in-cludes a short-term extension of the debt ceiling, a continuing resolution to fund the government, and provides the first installment of aid to those com-munities impacted by Hurricane Har-vey. I was glad to see this deal pass the Senate overwhelmingly on Thursday by a vote of 80–17. It is a testament to what we can do when we work together even during these especially partisan times. The agreement may have been a sur-prise, but it was a welcome one. We can now step back from the cliff, get to work on the many other priorities we face this month, including passing the Dream Act and reauthorizing the FAA, which is critical; the Children’s Health Insurance Program, also critical; and the Perkins Loan program. Many low- income students in college depend on Perkins to get a good education. So this compromise will get us through to December 8, and that means we will find ourselves back here in the same situation a few months from now. I hope that once again we can put the country before ideology and prevent the self-inflicted wound that would come from playing chicken with our economy. Today’s bipartisan spirit is some-thing our country can use a lot more of. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, over the next few speakers, you will have an opportunity to hear from members of the Texas delegation who were not only in harm’s way, but who represent many brave people who have responded to the call of others. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Corpus Christi, Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman S
ESSIONS for yielding. Mr. Speaker, as I was walking up to the Capitol from the Metro station just a few minutes ago, I remembered just a couple weeks ago I was boarding up my house and preparing for Hurricane Har-vey. Those intervening weeks have just altered my life immeasurably, seeing the devastation that has been wrought on south Texas. The district I represent, Corpus Christi, Port Aransas, Aransas Pass, Ingleside, Refugio, those southern coastal areas were damaged severely by wind. But then you move up the Texas coast into towns like Victoria, Whar-ton, Houston, and then there was just unimaginable damage by water. I was touched by how the entire Na-tion reached out to help, sending food, water, help, and volunteers. And as I was walking up today, it is a beautiful, crisp beginning to be a fall day here in Washington, D.C., but I am imagining what those folks in Florida are going through, very similar to what I was going through, searching for the elu-sive D cell battery for a flashlight, try-ing to find a gasoline station that is open, and preparing for possibly the worst. We are here today to tell those folks in Florida, those folks in Texas, and those who face disasters all over this country that this Congress has your back. President Trump and Vice President PENCE both visited the district I rep-resent and areas north in Houston, showing that the Federal Government is there; but it is this Congress’ con-stitutional responsibility to control the purse strings of the country, and we have got to make sure that there is money for these essential disaster re-lief services. There is only so much our volunteers can do, there is only so much our State and local governments can do, because this is just so massive, it is beyond the ability of individuals to comprehend. The amount of debris, the amount of damage, the potential for disease all make it a Federal problem. It is a prob-lem for our country. The storm shut down some of the re-fineries along Texas, and I think we have all seen the higher gasoline prices that have resulted from that. Florida is threatened, their impact on our national economy. We are one national economy. What hurts one of us hurts us all. So I am here to say thank you to the American people, who opened their hearts with their donations and their volunteering, but I am also here to thank the American people, who are going to allocate a few of their tax dol-lars to help those in need in Texas and, I am afraid, those who are going to be in need very soon in Florida. I am encouraging my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this. Set the politics aside. Unfortunately, this has turned a little political, and it doesn’t need to be. This is about people helping people, Americans helping Americans. There is a T-shirt going around that says, ‘‘Houston Strong.’’ There are T- shirts going around that are saying, ‘‘Texas Strong.’’ Well, you know what? It is ‘‘America Strong.’’ b0930 This is all of us together, and I want to thank my colleagues who are sup-porting this. And for those who are waffling, remember, this is what makes our country great: coming together in times of need and setting politics aside. So I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying legislation and to keep those suffering in Texas in their prayers, and to keep those in Florida and the Caribbean also in their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.006 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7189 September 8, 2017 
prayers. This has been a trying sum-mer, weatherwise, but we are Ameri-cans, and we will survive and we will thrive. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation would help thousands of young people who are Americans in every way except on paper. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Nevada (Mr. K
IHUEN ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, I encour-age my colleagues to defeat the pre-vious question so we can consider H.R. 3440, the Dream Act, introduced by my friend, Representative R
OYBAL -ALLARD . Aside from being a Member of Con-gress, I am the proud son of a farm-worker and a housekeeper. My family came to America when I was 8 years old, and they came here in pursuit of the American Dream. They came here because they knew that, in America, if you worked hard, sacrificed, played by the rules, stayed out of trouble, and got a good college education, that you could become any-thing or anyone because America had compassion, America had empathy, be-cause America was the land of oppor-tunity, and my parents wanted a piece of that land of opportunity. Less than 30 years later, their son, who came here with no money, no con-tacts, no friends, is a Member of the most powerful legislative body in the world. That is the American Dream. And when I got elected last year, in 2016, I became the first DREAMer in American history to get elected to this body, and also the first former undocu-mented immigrant to ever serve in this body. So when we are talking about the Dream Act, we are talking about real lives. We are talking about 800,000 young Americans, 800,000 young Ameri-cans who are going to our universities, our colleges, who are our teachers, our doctors. Some of them are protecting our country, our liberties, and our free-doms in the military. It is time for Congress to put their political games aside and start putting the interests of these young Americans first. There are currently, right now, a few DREAMers out on the lawn who are fasting because they want that oppor-tunity at the American Dream, that opportunity that was given to me and my family, that opportunity that has been given to so many immigrant fami-lies for so many years because, look, let’s face it, at the end of the day, un-less you are Native American, we all come from somewhere else. We are all descendants of immigrants or immi-grants ourselves. And it is not right for us to come here and then close the door behind us. That is not what America stands for. That goes against all Amer-ican values. So I encourage my friends, forget about the tweets and the Facebook posts that you feel sorry for these DREAMers, that you love these DREAMers. If you really do, let’s bring up that bill for a vote today, and I guarantee you that the votes are there so we can get it passed. At the end of the day, if we take away this DACA status from these young Americans, we are going to have a potentially close to $500 billion ad-verse economic impact. There are cur-rently 3,200 entrepreneurs who are DREAMers. These DREAMers are pay-ing taxes. We educated them K–12, and now we are telling them that they can’t go to universities or colleges. That is un-American. That is not the America that I know. I encourage my friends today, on both sides of the aisle, Republican and Democrat, to come to the table and let’s pass the Dream Act. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, this rule and the underlying legislation is specifically answering a question of na-tional emergency, and that is as it re-lates to hurricane and hurricanes that are nearing the United States. I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ), one of the Members of Congress who was in the direct bull’s-eye of this, in the district and the people that he rep-resents. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I represent District 14, which, arguably, is ground zero for flooding. It is the first three coastal counties that start at Louisiana and come down the Texas coast: Jefferson County, Galveston County, and then the southern half of Brazoria County. As I reflected, Mr. Speaker, about Harvey, I thought I would put some thoughts down on paper. It is stag-gering and incredible, when you think about it, and, unfortunately, our friends in Florida may be facing ex-actly the same thing. Of course, Hurri-cane Irma came up through the Carib-bean wreaking havoc. Our prayers and thoughts go out to those families. Over 60 deaths here alone. FEMA applications, 650,000-plus al-ready. Shelters, there were 49,000 people staying in shelters in the three coun-ties that I have just discussed. Sec-retary Price said in a briefing this morning they are down to around, I think it is, 13,000, 14,000, so that num-ber has diminished. Money spent by FEMA so far, last es-timate, $200 million. Untold thousands, hundreds of thou-sands of cases of water have been sent. Hundreds of cities, communities, towns, neighborhoods affected. Mr. Speaker, the annual average rainfall in that area on a yearly basis, of course, is 50 inches. Folks, we got 53 inches in 3 days. Population on the southeast part of Texas, you could say, is about 6 to 7 million people that have been affected by this. In Louisiana, I am not sure: half a million people affected by the rain, over 100,000 houses flooded. Fuel production down from the Gulf Coast energy capital of Texas is down by 20 percent. Jobs that have gone on hold or either just gone. Cars flooded, tens of thousands of cars flooded. People have no transpor-tation. Overall cost, you have seen the pro-jections, over $150 billion—with a B, dollars. Ports are shut down. The port of Houston was closed. Channels are sholed in. Sabine-Neches Waterway, Port of Freeport, all of them affected by this. I am told that when ports are shut down, economic trade stops—to the cost of over $1 billion a day. HHS Secretary Dr. Tom Price said, on the Weather Channel, that four hos-pitals are closed; it had been 30. Thir-teen dialysis centers closed, 26 nursing homes closed. He said that HHS had en-countered some 5,000 patients during the storm, not all related to the storm. I want to add that I watched some of our great doctors in Jefferson County— Dr. Garrett Peel, Dr. Ray Callas—go to work, Baptist Hospital, Christus Hos-pital, get in gear, and 500 tetanus vac-cines were delivered because of the threat of disease. Dr. Price went on to say that the CDC was making plans for mosquito control due to the Zika virus. They have extended pharmaceutical waivers for drug prescriptions to be allowed for longer than 30 days. Dr. Price did note this morning that there were some 5,400 patients with electricity requirements for treatment alone, whether it is dialysis or some form, but that 20,000 patients were electrically dependent in some fashion, and HHS had provided that informa-tion to the various States. Folks, the need is great. The need is great. To whom much is given, much is required. Never has there been a people in history given so much. This is one of those cases. This is one of those times where much is required. Harvey brought on a downpour, but I will tell you that Texans and Ameri-cans and folks brought on an outpour, an outpouring like I had never seen. Our country has stepped up. Our friends from Louisiana, the Cajun Navy, came over with over 100 boats and began to do things that amazed us. We called it ‘‘Cajuneering.’’ Unbelievable outpouring. So, yes, I want to echo my colleague to the south, B
LAKE FARENTHOLD ’s plea: Please vote for this bill. It is time for us to step up. It is time for us to set politics aside. It is time for us to focus on the tragedy that is now called Har-vey and may be soon to be called Irma. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.008 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7190 September 8, 2017 
So I urge my colleagues to vote for this rule. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire of my colleague if he has fur-ther speakers. Mr. SESSIONS. Yes, I appreciate the gentlewoman engaging me. I had understood that I had several other speakers, so what I would say to the gentlewoman is, if she would like to move on, I have none that I see right now. As we know, our Conference is in a meeting, so I would allow the gentle-woman to move forward. I will do the same. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, I want to say that I appreciate the Members from Texas who have made it so clear what they are person-ally going through, and their constitu-ents. Surely, every one of us in this room understands that we are called upon to do the greater good today, and we will certainly rise to that occasion. Mr. Speaker, I am going to say some-thing I wish I got the chance to say more often, and that is that I do sup-port the underlying bill that we are considering today with all my heart. I know it has been a busy week, but our constituents and the people, our fellow Americans, are suffering and afraid. One thing I noticed about the chil-dren in Texas in the boats going to the shelters and every place, their sto-icism. I didn’t see a single one of them shed a tear. In fact, I am a little wor-ried about that. Little people whose lives were absolutely uprooted and who had to go to a strange place, leaving everything that they had behind— think about that. We are obligated here, those of us who serve in this House, to meet the need that we know exists today and will for some time to come. So let’s end with a strong, bipartisan vote on this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to publicly thank the Democratic members of the Rules Committee. The gentlewoman, Mrs. S
LAUGHTER , has recognized from the first moment when we came back the genuine desire and need for us to work together. Her entire team, including the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), and the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and their staff, has worked diligently to en-sure that this piece of legislation would become ready for Members of Congress to vote on it. I would like to thank my staff and also our members, our members of the Rules Committee who spent a great deal of time this week. Mr. Speaker, we are public servants and we are expected to do what we are doing. But it should also be noted that my colleague went out of her way to ensure that the discussion, the debate, and the delivery of this package is done. b0945 Mr. Speaker, last night I received in-formation from Dr. Shelley Hall and Dr. Rick Snyder from Dallas, Texas, speaking most directly about the peo-ple who they have come in contact with as volunteers from the Dallas County Medical Society at the conven-tion center in Dallas, Texas. As people have filled our city from outside these storm areas, I hope that they have met also Texans who cared about them. We have a history of this because we had to do this 12 or 13 years ago with Katrina, as we took people, young babies, little babies, who were flown in to Dallas and other areas in Texas; Fort Worth, Texas, opening up its doors; Austin, Texas; San Antonio, Texas. This is an effort that is more than just a State’s effort, however, today. This is the Nation. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Texas delegation, I want to thank Members of Congress, and, in particular, Ms. SLAUGHTER and her team, for expedi-tiously providing this information of us working together. Lastly, we will hand this to Chair-man R
ODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN , from the Appropriations Committee, and N
ITA L
OWEY , who is that ranking member. I have seen all four of us work together on an important effort. Mr. Speaker, for that reason, I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying measure to provide FEMA with this emergency downpay-ment, as the agency is running out of funds and bracing for Irma’s impact, and perhaps two other storms that may be headed to the United States of America or our territories. We are one Nation under God. I give thanks for that, Mr. Speaker. The material previously referred to by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 509 O FFERED BY  M
S. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long- term United States residents and who en-tered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment ‘‘ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Sep 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.009 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7191 September 8, 2017 
for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The previous question was ordered. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REINFORCING EDUCATION AC-COUNTABILITY IN DEVELOP-MENT ACT Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 509, I call up the bill (H.R. 601) to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in de-veloping countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal ac-cess to quality basic education and im-proved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its im-mediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amend-ment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment. Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted, insert the following: ‘‘(C) there is the greatest opportunity to re-duce childhood and adolescence exposure to or engagement in violent extremism or extremist ideologies.’’. DIVISION B—SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIA-TIONS FOR DISASTER RELIEF REQUIRE-MENTS The following sums are hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and out of applicable corporate or other revenues, receipts, and funds, for the sev-eral departments, agencies, corporations, and other organizational units of Government for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes, namely: DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
DISASTER RELIEF FUND  For an additional amount for ‘‘Disaster Relief Fund’’ for major disasters declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $7,400,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the amount designated under this heading as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates such amount and transmits such designation to the Congress. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION 
DISASTER LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Disaster Loans Program Account’’ for the cost of direct loans authorized by section 7(b) of the Small Business Act, $450,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That up to $225,000,000 may be transferred to and merged with ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for administrative expenses to carry out the disaster loan program authorized by section 7(b) of the Small Business Act: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading may be used for in-direct administrative expenses: Provided further, That the amount provided under this heading is designated as an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the amount des-ignated under this heading as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates such amount and transmits such designation to the Congress. DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT COMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT  
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Community Development Fund’’, $7,400,000,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses for activities authorized under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) related to disaster relief, long-term recovery, restoration of infra-structure and housing, and economic revitaliza-tion in the most impacted and distressed areas resulting from a major disaster declared in 2017 pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Re-lief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided, That funds shall be awarded directly to the State or unit of general local government at the discretion of the Sec-retary: Provided further, That as a condition of making any grant, the Secretary shall certify in advance that such grantee has in place pro-ficient financial controls and procurement proc-esses and has established adequate procedures to prevent any duplication of benefits as defined by section 312 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5155), to ensure timely expenditure of funds, to maintain comprehensive websites regarding all disaster recovery activities assisted with these funds, and to detect and prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds: Provided further, That prior to the obligation of funds a grantee shall submit a plan to the Secretary for approval de-tailing the proposed use of all funds, including criteria for eligibility and how the use of these funds will address long-term recovery and res-toration of infrastructure and housing and eco-nomic revitalization in the most impacted and distressed areas: Provided further, That such funds may not be used for activities reimburs-able by, or for which funds are made available by, the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the Army Corps of Engineers: Provided fur-ther, That funds allocated under this heading shall not be considered relevant to the non-dis-aster formula allocations made pursuant to sec-tion 106 of the Housing and Community Devel-opment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5306): Provided further, That a State or subdivision thereof may use up to 5 percent of its allocation for adminis-trative costs: Provided further, That in admin-istering the funds under this heading, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development may waive, or specify alternative requirements for, any provision of any statute or regulation that the Secretary administers in connection with the obligation by the Secretary or the use by the re-cipient of these funds (except for requirements related to fair housing, nondiscrimination, labor standards, and the environment), if the Sec-retary finds that good cause exists for the waiv-er or alternative requirement and such waiver or alternative requirement would not be incon-sistent with the overall purpose of title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the preceding proviso, recipients of funds pro-vided under this heading that use such funds to supplement Federal assistance provided under section 402, 403, 404, 406, 407, or 502 of the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) may adopt, without review or public comment, any environmental review, approval, or permit per-formed by a Federal agency, and such adoption shall satisfy the responsibilities of the recipient with respect to such environmental review, ap-proval or permit: Provided further, That, not-withstanding section 104(g)(2) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5304(g)(2)), the Secretary may, upon re-ceipt of a request for release of funds and cer-tification, immediately approve the release of funds for an activity or project assisted under this heading if the recipient has adopted an en-vironmental review, approval or permit under the preceding proviso or the activity or project is categorically excluded from review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.): Provided further, That the Secretary shall publish via notice in the Federal Register any waiver, or alternative requirement, to any statute or regulation that the Secretary administers pursuant to title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 no later than 5 days before the effective date of such waiver or alternative requirement: Pro-vided further, That of the amounts made avail-able under this heading, up to $10,000,000 may be transferred, in aggregate, to ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Program Of-fice Salaries and Expenses—Community Plan-ning and Development’’ for necessary costs, in-cluding information technology costs, of admin-istering and overseeing the obligation and ex-penditure of amounts under this heading: Pro-vided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the amount designated under this heading as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates such amount and transmits such des-ignation to the Congress. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Supple-mental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Re-quirements, 2017’’. DIVISION C—TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF PUBLIC DEBT LIMIT S
EC. 101. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3101(b) of title 31, United States Code, shall not apply for the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on December 8, 2017. (b) S
PECIAL RULERELATING TO OBLIGATIONS  I
SSUED DURING EXTENSION PERIOD .—Effective on December 9, 2017, the limitation in effect under section 3101(b) of title 31, United States Code, shall be increased to the extent that— (1) the face amount of obligations issued under chapter 31 of such title and the face amount of obligations whose principal and in-terest are guaranteed by the United States Gov-ernment (except guaranteed obligations held by the Secretary of the Treasury) outstanding on December 9, 2017, exceeds (2) the face amount of such obligations out-standing on the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) R
ESTORING CONGRESSIONAL AUTHORITY  O
VER THE NATIONAL DEBT.— (1) E
XTENSION LIMITED TO NECESSARY OBLIGA -
TIONS .—An obligation shall not be taken into account under section 101(a) unless the issuance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.007 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7192 September 8, 2017 
of such obligation was necessary to fund a com-mitment incurred pursuant to law by the Fed-eral Government that required payment before December 9, 2017. (2) P
ROHIBITION ON CREATION OF CASH RE -
SERVE DURING EXTENSION PERIOD .—The Sec- retary of the Treasury shall not issue obliga-tions during the period specified in section 101(a) for the purpose of increasing the cash balance above normal operating balances in an-ticipation of the expiration of such period. DIVISION D—CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The following sums are hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and out of applicable corporate or other revenues, receipts, and funds, for the sev-eral departments, agencies, corporations, and other organizational units of Government for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes, namely: S
EC. 101. (a) Such amounts as may be nec-essary, at a rate for operations as provided in the applicable appropriations Acts for fiscal year 2017 and under the authority and condi-tions provided in such Acts, for continuing projects or activities (including the costs of di-rect loans and loan guarantees) that are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Act, that were conducted in fiscal year 2017, and for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were made available in the following appropria-tions Acts: (1) The Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (division A of Public Law 115–31) and section 193 of Public Law 114– 223, as amended by division A of Public Law 114–254. (2) The Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (divi-sion B of Public Law 115–31), except section 540. (3) The Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2017 (division C of Public Law 115–31). (4) The Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (divi-sion D of Public Law 115–31). (5) The Financial Services and General Gov-ernment Appropriations Act, 2017 (division E of Public Law 115–31). (6) The Department of Homeland Security Ap-propriations Act, 2017 (division F of Public Law 115–31), except section 310. (7) The Department of the Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (division G of Public Law 115–31), except that the language under the heading ‘‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund’’ in the De-partments of Agriculture and the Interior shall be applied by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Provided further, That notwithstanding the first proviso under the heading and notwith-standing the FLAME Act of 2009, 43 U.S.C. 1748a(e), such funds shall be available to be transferred to and merged with other appropria-tions accounts to fully repay amounts pre-viously transferred for wildfire suppression’’. (8) The Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (division H of Public Law 115–31) and sections 171, 194, and 195 of Public Law 114–223, as amended by divi-sion A of Public Law 114–254. (9) The Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2017 (division I of Public Law 115–31) and section 175 of Public Law 114–223, as amended by division A of Public Law 114–254. (10) The Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (division A of Public Law 114–223), except for appropriations for fiscal year 2017 in the matter preceding the first proviso under the heading ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and divi-sion L of Public Law 115–31. (11) The Department of State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2017 (division J of Public Law 115–31). (12) The Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2017 (division K of Public Law 115– 31), except sections 420 and 421. (13) The Security Assistance Appropriations Act, 2017 (division B of Public Law 114–254). (b) The rate for operations provided by sub-section (a) is hereby reduced by 0.6791 percent. SEC. 102. (a) No appropriation or funds made available or authority granted pursuant to sec-tion 101 for the Department of Defense shall be used for: (1) the new production of items not funded for production in fiscal year 2017 or prior years; (2) the increase in production rates above those sustained with fiscal year 2017 funds; or (3) the initiation, resumption, or con-tinuation of any project, activity, operation, or organization (defined as any project, subproject, activity, budget activity, program element, and subprogram within a program element, and for any investment items defined as a P–1 line item in a budget activity within an appropriation ac-count and an R–1 line item that includes a pro-gram element and subprogram element within an appropriation account) for which appropria-tions, funds, or other authority were not avail-able during fiscal year 2017. (b) No appropriation or funds made available or authority granted pursuant to section 101 for the Department of Defense shall be used to ini-tiate multi-year procurements utilizing advance procurement funding for economic order quan-tity procurement unless specifically appro-priated later. S
EC. 103. Appropriations made by section 101 shall be available to the extent and in the man-ner that would be provided by the pertinent ap-propriations Act. S
EC. 104. Except as otherwise provided in sec-tion 102, no appropriation or funds made avail-able or authority granted pursuant to section 101 shall be used to initiate or resume any project or activity for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were not available during fiscal year 2017. S
EC. 105. Appropriations made and authority granted pursuant to this Act shall cover all obli-gations or expenditures incurred for any project or activity during the period for which funds or authority for such project or activity are avail-able under this Act. S
EC. 106. Unless otherwise provided for in this Act or in the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2018, appropriations and funds made available and authority granted pursuant to this Act shall be available until whichever of the following first occurs: (1) the enactment into law of an appropria-tion for any project or activity provided for in this Act; (2) the enactment into law of the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2018 without any provision for such project or activity; or (3) December 8, 2017. S
EC. 107. Expenditures made pursuant to this Act shall be charged to the applicable appro-priation, fund, or authorization whenever a bill in which such applicable appropriation, fund, or authorization is contained is enacted into law. S
EC. 108. Appropriations made and funds made available by or authority granted pursu-ant to this Act may be used without regard to the time limitations for submission and approval of apportionments set forth in section 1513 of title 31, United States Code, but nothing in this Act may be construed to waive any other provi-sion of law governing the apportionment of funds. S
EC. 109. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, except section 106, for those pro-grams that would otherwise have high initial rates of operation or complete distribution of ap-propriations at the beginning of fiscal year 2018 because of distributions of funding to States, foreign countries, grantees, or others, such high initial rates of operation or complete distribu-tion shall not be made, and no grants shall be awarded for such programs funded by this Act that would impinge on final funding preroga-tives. SEC. 110. This Act shall be implemented so that only the most limited funding action of that permitted in the Act shall be taken in order to provide for continuation of projects and ac-tivities. S
EC. 111. (a) For entitlements and other man-datory payments whose budget authority was provided in appropriations Acts for fiscal year 2017, and for activities under the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008, activities shall be continued at the rate to maintain program levels under current law, under the authority and conditions provided in the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2017, to be continued through the date specified in section 106(3). (b) Notwithstanding section 106, obligations for mandatory payments due on or about the first day of any month that begins after October 2017 but not later than 30 days after the date specified in section 106(3) may continue to be made, and funds shall be available for such payments. S
EC. 112. Amounts made available under sec-tion 101 for civilian personnel compensation and benefits in each department and agency may be apportioned up to the rate for operations nec-essary to avoid furloughs within such depart-ment or agency, consistent with the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2017, except that such authority provided under this section shall not be used until after the department or agency has taken all necessary actions to re-duce or defer non-personnel-related administra-tive expenses. S
EC. 113. Funds appropriated by this Act may be obligated and expended notwithstanding sec-tion 10 of Public Law 91–672 (22 U.S.C. 2412), section 15 of the State Department Basic Au-thorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2680), section 313 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fis-cal Years 1994 and 1995 (22 U.S.C. 6212), and section 504(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1)). S
EC. 114. (a) Each amount incorporated by reference in this Act that was previously des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of such Act is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of such Act or as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of such Act, respectively. (b) The reduction in section 101(b) of this Act shall not apply to— (1) amounts designated under subsection (a) of this section; (2) amounts made available by section 101(a) by reference to the second paragraph under the heading ‘‘Social Security Administration—Limi-tation on Administrative Expenses’’ in division H of Public Law 115–31; or (3) amounts made available by section 101(a) by reference to the paragraph under the head-ing ‘‘Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices—Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control Ac-count’’ in division H of Public Law 115–31. (c) Section 6 of Public Law 115–31 shall apply to amounts designated in subsection (a) for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement. S
EC. 115. During the period covered by this Act, discretionary amounts appropriated for fis-cal year 2018 that were provided in advance by appropriations Acts shall be available in the amounts provided in such Acts, reduced by the percentage in section 101(b). S
EC. 116. Notwithstanding section 101, amounts are provided for ‘‘Department of Agri-culture—Domestic Food Programs—Food and Nutrition Service—Commodity Assistance Pro-gram’’ at a rate for operations of $317,139,000, of which $238,120,000 shall be for the Commodity Supplemental Food Program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.010 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7193 September 8, 2017 
SEC. 117. The final proviso in section 715 of di-vision A of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied during the period covered by this Act by adding ‘‘from amounts first made available for fiscal year 2018’’ after ‘‘unobligated balances’’ and as if the following were struck from such proviso: ‘‘the carryover amounts authorized in the first proviso of this section for section 32 and’’. S
EC. 118. Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Commerce—Bureau of the Census—Periodic Censuses and Programs’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain the schedule and deliver the required data according to statutory dead-lines in the 2020 Decennial Census Program. S
EC. 119. Section 1215(f)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 113 note), as most recently amended by section 1223 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), shall be applied by substituting ‘‘2018’’ for ‘‘2017’’ through the earlier of the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of De-fense. S
EC. 120. (a) Funds made available by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Pro-grams—Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund’’ may be appor-tioned up to the rate for operations necessary to avoid disruption of continuing projects or activi-ties funded in this appropriation. (b) The Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 3 days after each use of the authority provided in subsection (a). S
EC. 121. Section 104(c) of the Reclamation States Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1991 (43 U.S.C. 2214(c)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) for ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’. S
EC. 122. (a) Notwithstanding section 101, the third proviso under the heading ‘‘Power Mar-keting Administrations—Operation and Mainte-nance, Southeastern Power Administration’’ in division D of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$51,000,000’’ for ‘‘$60,760,000’’. (b) Notwithstanding section 101, the third pro-viso under the heading ‘‘Power Marketing Ad-ministrations—Operation and Maintenance, Southwestern Power Administration’’ in divi-sion D of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$10,000,000’’ for ‘‘$73,000,000’’. (c) Notwithstanding section 101, the third pro-viso under the heading ‘‘Power Marketing Ad-ministrations—Construction, Rehabilitation, Operation and Maintenance, Western Area Power Administration’’ in division D of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$179,000,000’’ for ‘‘$367,009,000’’. S
EC. 123. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, except section 106, the District of Co-lumbia may expend local funds under the head-ing ‘‘District of Columbia Funds’’ for such pro-grams and activities under the District of Co-lumbia Appropriations Act, 2017 (title IV of divi-sion E of Public Law 115–31) at the rate set forth under ‘‘Part A—Summary of Expenses’’ as included in the Fiscal Year 2018 Local Budget Act of 2017 (D.C. Act 22–99), as modified as of the date of the enactment of this Act. S
EC. 124. (a) Notwithstanding section 101, amounts are provided for ‘‘General Services Ad-ministration—Allowances and Office Staff for Former Presidents’’ to carry out the provisions of the Act of August 25, 1958 (3 U.S.C. 102 note), at a rate for operations of $4,754,000. (b) Notwithstanding section 101, no funds are provided by this Act for ‘‘General Services Ad-ministration—Expenses, Presidential Transi-tion’’ and ‘‘Executive Office of the President and Funds Appropriated to the President—Pres-idential Transition Administrative Support’’. (c) Notwithstanding section 101, the matter preceding the first proviso under the heading ‘‘District of Columbia—Federal Payment for Emergency Planning and Security Costs in the District of Columbia’’ in division E of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$14,900,000’’ for ‘‘$34,895,000’’ and the first pro-viso under that heading shall not apply during the period covered by this Act. (d) Notwithstanding section 101, the matter preceding the first proviso under the heading ‘‘National Archives and Records Administra-tion—Operating Expenses’’ in division E of Pub-lic Law 115–31 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$375,784,000’’ for ‘‘$380,634,000’’. (e) Notwithstanding section 101, the matter preceding the first proviso under the heading ‘‘Department of the Interior—National Park Service—Operation of the National Park Sys-tem’’ in division G of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$2,420,818,000’’ for ‘‘$2,425,018,000’’. SEC. 125. Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Homeland Security—Of-fice of the Secretary and Executive Manage-ment—Operations and Support’’, ‘‘Department of Homeland Security—Management Direc-torate—Operations and Support’’, and ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security—Intelligence, Anal-ysis, and Operations Coordination—Operations and Support’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to carry out activities previously funded under ‘‘Department of Home-land Security—Working Capital Fund’’, con-sistent with the fiscal year 2018 President’s Budget. S
EC. 126. Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection— Operations and Support’’, ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support’’, ‘‘Transportation Security Adminis-tration—Operations and Support’’, and ‘‘United States Secret Service—Operations and Support’’ accounts of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity may be apportioned at a rate for operations necessary to maintain not less than the number of staff achieved on September 30, 2017. S
EC. 127. The authority provided by section 831 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act. S
EC. 128. Section 404 of the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–281; 124 Stat. 2950), as amended, shall be applied in sub-section (b) by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. S
EC. 129. Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Homeland Security— Federal Emergency Management Agency—Dis-aster Relief Fund’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to carry out re-sponse and recovery activities under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.). S
EC. 130. Sections 1309(a) and 1319 of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016(a) and 4026) shall be applied by sub-stituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. S
EC. 131. Section 810 of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6809) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. S
EC. 132. The authority provided by sub-section (m)(3) of section 8162 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2000 (40 U.S.C. 8903 note; Public Law 106–79) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act. S
EC. 133. In addition to the amounts otherwise provided by section 101, an additional amount is provided for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agen-cy—Water Infrastructure Finance and Innova-tion Program Account’’ for administrative ex-penses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, notwithstanding section 5033 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innova-tion Act of 2014, at a rate for operations of $3,000,000. S
EC. 134. (a) The following sections of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolu-tion— (1) subparagraphs (C) through (E) of section 4(i)(1) (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(i)(1)(C)–(E)); (2) section 4(k)(3) (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(k)(3)); (3) section 4(k)(4) (7 U.S.C. 136a-1(k)(4)); and (4) section 33(c)(3)(B) (7 U.S.C. 136w– 8(c)(3)(B)). (b)(1) Section 4(i)(1)(I) of the Federal Insecti-cide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(i)(1)(I)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) of this joint resolution for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. (2) Notwithstanding section 33(m)(2) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136w–8(m)(2)), section 33(m)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 136w–8(m)(1)) shall be ap-plied by substituting the date specified in sec-tion 106(3) of this joint resolution for ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’. (c) Section 408(m)(3) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 346a(m)(3)) shall be applied by substituting the date speci-fied in section 106(3) of this joint resolution for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. SEC. 135. Section 114(f) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1011c(f)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in sec-tion 106(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. S
EC. 136. The second proviso under the head-ing ‘‘Department of Health and Human Serv-ices—Administration for Children and Fami-lies—Children and Families Services Programs’’ in title II of division H of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied during the period covered by this Act as if the following were struck from such proviso: ‘‘, of which $80,000,000 shall be available for a cost of living adjustment not-withstanding section 640(a)(3)(A) of such Act’’. S
EC. 137. The proviso at the end of paragraph (1) under the heading ‘‘Department of Labor— Employment and Training Administration— State Unemployment Insurance and Employ-ment Service Operations’’ in title I of division G of Public Law 113–235 shall be applied through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act by substituting ‘‘seven’’ for ‘‘six’’. S
EC. 138. In making Federal financial assist-ance, the National Institutes of Health shall continue through the date specified in section 106(3) of this Act to apply the provisions relat-ing to indirect costs in part 75 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, including with respect to the approval of deviations from negotiated rates, to the same extent and in the same man-ner as the National Institutes of Health applied such provisions in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be used to develop or implement a modified approach to such provisions, or to in-tentionally or substantially expand the fiscal ef-fect of the approval of such deviations from ne-gotiated rates beyond the proportional effect of such approvals in such quarter. S
EC. 139. (a) Section 529 of division H of Pub-lic Law 115–31 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘prior to the beginning of fiscal year 2018 under section 2104(n)(2)’’ for ‘‘from the appropriation to the Fund for the first semiannual allotment period for fiscal year 2017 under section 2104(n)(2)(A)(ii)’’; and (b) section 532 of division H of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘2,652,000,000’’ for ‘‘1,132,000,000’’. S
EC. 140. Notwithstanding 2 U.S.C. 4577, amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Leg-islative Branch—Senate—Salaries, Officers and Employees—Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain current Senate cybersecurity capabilities. S
EC. 141. (a) The remaining unobligated bal-ances of funds made available under the head-ing ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Depart-mental Administration—Construction, Major Projects’’ in division A of the Disaster Relief Appropriations Act of 2013 and Sandy Recovery 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.010 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7194 September 8, 2017 
Improvement Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–2) are hereby rescinded: Provided, That the amounts rescinded pursuant to this section that were pre-viously designated by the Congress as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 are des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to that section of that Act. (b) In addition to the amount otherwise pro-vided by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Vet-erans Affairs—Departmental Administration— Construction, Major Projects’’, there is appro-priated for an additional amount for fiscal year 2017, to remain available until September 30, 2022, an amount equal to the unobligated bal-ances rescinded pursuant to subsection (a), for renovations and repairs as a consequence of damage caused by Hurricane Sandy: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, such funds may be obligated and expended to carry out planning and design and major medical facility construction not otherwise au-thorized by law: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (c) Each amount designated in this section by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded, if applica-ble) only if the President subsequently so des-ignates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. (d) This section shall become effective imme-diately upon enactment of this Act. S
EC. 142. Sections 579(a)(1) and (b) of the Mul-tifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Afford-ability Act of 1997 (42 U.S.C. 1437f note) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in sec-tion 106(3) for ‘‘October 1, 2017’’. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018’’. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Frelinghuysen of New Jersey moves that the House concur in the Senate amend-ment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 601. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 509, the mo-tion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material during consideration of H.R. 601, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present a Senate amendment to H.R. 601. As Texas and Louisiana begin the first steps of recovery from Hurricane Har-vey, Congress must ensure that the funding is available to meet the short- and long-term needs of the hundreds of thousands of victims of that terrible storm. As we are all seeing unfold be-fore our eyes, the next hurricanes could cause even more terrible devasta-tion. This legislation is the first step in what will be long and difficult recov-eries. As our fellow Americans recover and rebuild their lives, we must come to-gether to support the victims, the vol-unteers, the first responders on the ground from around the Nation, and Congress must ensure that the Federal Government provides the help they need. With FEMA resources running low and Hurricane Irma on Florida’s and the South’s door, providing this addi-tional funding is even more critical. As I said before, our committee is ready and willing to address any additional funding needs that may arise as a re-sult of Hurricane Harvey, Irma, and other major disasters. In addition to providing this des-perately needed emergency aid, this bill also extends funding for the entire Federal Government operations until December 8 of this year. This con-tinuing resolution will ensure that the Federal Government remains open for business and that important programs and services are maintained beyond the end of the fiscal year on the 30th of this month. While I don’t believe that a con-tinuing resolution is the best way to fund our government, it is imperative to give us time to go to conference and complete our 12 full-year appropria-tions bills with the Senate. It is essen-tial that all of these bills be signed into law and that our Nation avoids the uncertainty caused by a threat of a shutdown. In addition, the bill also contains a short-term increase in the Federal debt limit and a reauthorization of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program. All of these actions will allow for more certainty and stability for the Nation and for the communities and families suffering from these disasters. I urge my colleagues—and may I say I do that knowing that I have the full support of my ranking member, Mrs. L OWEY , who I have had the pleasure of working with. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes, and I rise in support of providing critical emergency relief to respond to the catastrophic damages wreaked by Hurricane Harvey and the expectation of damages from Hurricane Irma. And I also want to acknowledge the cooperation and the good will extended to us by Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN . It is a pleasure for me to work with him as well. My thoughts and prayers remain with all those whose families, lives, homes, and businesses have been up-ended by these disasters. This Congress and the American people are with you in your time of need. I am pleased this package provides a temporary suspension of the Federal debt limit to prevent a catastrophic debt default and a continuing resolu-tion extending Federal funding through December 8. As in 2013 and 2015, when faced with government funding dead-lines and impending sequestration, we must use the time until the CR expires to develop a new budget agreement with realistic caps on defense and non-defense discretionary spending. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CAR-
TER) who is the chairman of the Home-land Security Subcommittee on Appro-priations. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the supplemental bill for Hurricane Harvey relief. This bill will provide $15.3 billion in emer-gency funding, including $7.4 billion for FEMA’s Disaster Relief Fund, $7.4 bil-lion for Community Development Block Grants to the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and $350 million to support the Small Busi-ness Administration’s Disaster Loan Program to assist small business and homeowners. This supplemental bill is not only a critical first step to provide basic needs of food, shelter, and water for those in immediate need, but it also provides initial funding to begin the process of rebuilding and recovery for those communities devastated by Hur-ricane Harvey. Further resources and hard work will be required. I will continue to work closely alongside my colleagues and the Appropriations Committee to meet the present and emerging needs of our neighbors across the Southeast. My thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by these devastating storms. This bill addresses the urgent needs of those affected by Hurricane Harvey. It sends a powerful message to all that we are here for them and we will be working hard for them throughout the recovery. Mr. Speaker, I strongly en-courage a vote on this bill. As an aside, I grew up in Houston, Texas. I was born there, I grew up there. I remember floods, but I never remember floods that washed away people’s homes and their livelihood. This is a once-in-a-lifetime situation down there, may we all pray, and it is time to get it done. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the supplemental appro-priations for disaster relief, and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.010 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7195 September 8, 2017 
thank the appropriators and all of my colleagues. I reflect on the bipartisan meeting of our Texas delegation. We said we would not be divided and we would not be divided amongst our friends from Florida and those who may be in need with Hurricane Irma. I do want to acknowledge that when we got up that Sunday morning and 12 inches had fallen at that time, part of the 50 inches of the most catastrophic storm on the Continental United States, Hurricane Harvey, we saw the lives of people disappear—some who died, some who were in shelters as these pictures depict. The road to re-covery is going to be long. I introduced a $174 billion hurricane appropriations bill to be able to ad-dress Hurricane Harvey. I am grateful for the $15.3 billion that gives us money for housing. That is the great-est need, along with the infrastructure, and if we can begin to expedite those dollars into our cities and counties, our mayors and county leaders will be grateful. There are people who are homeless now, there are people whose homes are in despair, there are people who do not have insurance. The reason is because these individuals were flooded in a 500- year flood area and 1,000-year flood area. It is important to note at the same time, Mr. Speaker, that these in-dividuals are elderly and disabled. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 601, which provides $15.3 billion in supple-mental appropriations as the Congress’s initial response to the massive damage inflicted on Southeast Texas and Louisiana by Hurricane Harvey and authorizes appropriations to con-tinue funding for federal government oper-ations through December 8, 2017. The legislation also suspends the current $19.8 trillion limit on federal borrowing through December 8, 2017, which will enable the Treasury to continue to borrow money to pay bills, and set the new debt limit as the amount reflecting all outstanding U.S. debt as of De-cember 9, 2017. I also strongly support the legislation before us because it extends through December 8, 2017, FEMA’s National Flood Insurance Pro-gram (NFIP), which offers insurance policies to property owners in areas with significant flood risks. The bill authorizes FEMA to borrow as much as $30.4 billion from the Treasury gen-eral fund if it does not collect sufficient rev-enue from premiums and surcharges to cover claims payments. Without this extension, FEMA would not be able to issue new flood insurance policies after September 30, 2017, and its borrowing authority will be reduced to $1.5 billion. That would be particularly devastating to many of the constituents I represent who have or will be seeking flood insurance policies under the FEMA Flood Insurance Program. Mr. Speaker, I wish to commend the bipar-tisan leadership of both chambers for the speed with which the Hurricane Harvey relief package and the FY2018 Continuing Resolu-tion was negotiated, drafted, and shepherded to the floor. This bodes well for the major challenges that must be met and overcome if the victims of Hurricane Harvey are to recover from the storm’s awful wrath and rebuild their deci-mated communities. I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Rank-ing Member L
OWEY , and Speaker R YAN and Democratic Leader P
ELOSI , and their Senate counterparts because this initial Hurricane Harvey aid package sends a strong signal to the people of Texas and Louisiana that the American people stand in solidarity with them in their moment of heartbreak and anguish. On Wednesday, September 6, 2017, the House approved $7.85 billion for relief efforts in Texas and Louisiana, consisting of $7.4 bil-lion for the FEMA Disaster Recovery Fund (DRF) and $450 million for the SBA Disaster Loan program. To this amount the Senate added $7.4 bil-lion in funds to be distributed to states and communities through HUD’s Community De-velopment Block Grant (CDBG) program. These CDBG funds can be used for disaster relief, long-term recovery, infrastructure res-toration, housing, and economic revitalization. FEMA’s DRF funding is mostly allocated for three programs: 1. Public Assistance Program, which helps communities cover the costs of repairing and replacing public buildings, infrastructure, and utilities, as well as emergency costs for debris removal and other needs; 2. Individual Assistance Program, which pro-vides funding for temporary housing, property repairs, medical treatment, moving costs, and other needs; and 3. Hazard Mitigation Grant Program, which offers funding to reduce damages from future disasters. Typically, FEMA covers 75 percent of the costs for DRF-funded projects so I am very pleased that the President agreed that in the unprecedented circumstances of this case, a higher reimbursement level was warranted and acceded to my request that FEMA be au-thorized and directed to reimburse Harris County and other affected local governments 90% for debris removal, including direct Fed-eral assistance; and 100% percent for emer-gency protective measures for 30 days from the start of the incident period and at 90% thereafter. Mr. Speaker, it is not an exaggeration to re-gard as unprecedented the damage wrought on Southeast Texas by Hurricane Harvey be-ginning 14 days ago, on August 25, 2017, when it made landfall for the first time in the state of Texas, just north of the city of Corpus Christi. Before it was finished, Hurricane Harvey dropped 21 trillion gallons of rainfall on Texas and Louisiana, most of it on the Houston Metroplex. To put in perspective the devastation wrought by Hurricane Harvey, the volume of water that fell on Houston and other affected areas of Texas and Louisiana could fill more than 24,000 Astrodomes or supply the water for the raging Niagara Falls for 15 days. Whole sections of Houston, Beaumont, Bayou City, Port Arthur, and other cities were underwater for days. Hurricane Harvey was a 1,000 year storm that has to date claimed the lives of at least 30 persons, including a 34-year veteran of the Houston Police Department and a family of six who perished in Greens Bayou while trying to evacuate their flooded home and community. It also claimed the life of a Dreamer, Alonso Guillen, a young Houstonian who came to Texas from Mexico as a teenager, and who died when his boat capsized while he was res-cuing survivors of the flooding caused by Hur-ricane Harvey. Neither Houston nor any city in the nation has ever experienced flooding of the mag-nitude caused by Hurricane Harvey. The statistics are staggering. 21 trillion gallons of rainfall fell in Texas and Louisiana in the first five days of the storm. The estimated maximum sustained winds exceeded 130 miles per hour as the hurricane made landfall near Rockport, Texas on August 25. A record 4,323 days, which is nearly 12 years, elapsed since a major hurricane (Cat-egory 3 or above) made landfall in the United States prior to Hurricane Harvey; the last Cat-egory 3 hurricane to hit the United States was Hurricane Wilma in 2005, the same year Hurri-cane Katrina destroyed much of New Orleans. The city of Cedar Bayou received 51.88 inches of rainfall, breaking the record for rain-fall from a single storm in the continental United States; my city of Houston received more than 50 inches of rainfall. More than 13,000 people have been res-cued in the Houston area and more than 30,000 persons are expected to be forced out of their homes due to the storm. More than 8,800 federal personnel were staff deployed to help respond to Hurricane Harvey, supplying approximately 2.9 million meals, 2.8 million liters of water, 37,000 tarps, and 130 generators. In the first three days of the storm, more than 49,000 homes that had suffered flood damage and more than 1,000 homes were completely destroyed in the storm. And today, two weeks later, thousands of Texans are still without permanent and stable housing situations. That is why the additional $7.4 billion in CDBG funding provided in the legislation is desperately needed. Mr. Speaker, valiant emergency responders in my state worked to exhaustion, with an in-valuable assist from citizen volunteers, to res-cue their neighbors and save lives. That is who Texans are and this is what we do. We do not yet know the full cost in human lives exacted by Hurricane Harvey. But what we do know is that the costs of re-covery and reconstruction will far exceed any natural disaster in memory; best estimates place the cost in the range of $150–$200 bil-lion. Mr. Speaker, there is much more work to be done in my city of Houston, and across the areas affected by the terrible, awesome storm that will be forever known simply as Hurricane Harvey. That is why I strongly support the legislation pending before us appropriating $15.3 billion as the initial response of the Congress to the damage caused by an epic storm. I must emphasize that what we are consid-ering here is the initial response because much more funding will be needed for Hous-ton—the nation’s fourth largest city—and Southeast Texas to recover and rebuild. And it is also why I have introduced, joined by more than 40 House colleagues, H.R. 3686, the Hurricane Sandy Supplemental Ap-propriations Act, which, when passed by Con-gress and signed into law, would provide $174 billion in aid to assist the areas affected by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.015 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7196 September 8, 2017 
Hurricane Harvey recover, rebuild, and restore their communities to their previous greatness. I urge all Members to join me in support of H.R. 601 and to commit to providing our fellow Americans in Texas and Louisiana all of the help and support they need to restore their communities to their previous greatness. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. N
EAL). Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, as I stand in support of this legislation, it is important to ac-knowledge that it not only addresses the needs of the residents who are cleaning up after Harvey, but it en-sures that we will also avoid a first- ever default on the full faith and credit of the United States. b1000 What is important about this mo-ment is the following: We are adhering to what is known as the national prin-ciple, and the national principle means that, if there is an earthquake in Cali-fornia, we rise to the aid of the people of California. If there is a hurricane in Texas, we rise to the aid of the people in Texas. If there is a tornado in Springfield, Massachusetts, as there was a few years ago, we all come to the aid of the people of Springfield, Massa-chusetts. If there were horrific forest fires in the State of Alabama, as hap-pened a few years ago, we all come to the aid of the people of Alabama. Now, why is that important? Because we don’t check gender, and we don’t check race, and we don’t say: Is it a blue State or a red State or what is the political affiliation of those who are af-fected? Instead, we say: The national prin-ciple ensures that this is about the American family in moments of great challenge and great difficulty, and we don’t use the opportunity to remind people of what the budget might look like at that moment. Instead, we come to their assistance and we figure out how to pay for it later on. So on this occasion, there is a very important consideration that is mar-ried, and it includes the idea that, with the Trump administration and congres-sional Republicans and Democrats on this side, we are going to not only do what we are supposed to do in terms of raising the national debt, but we will come to the assistance of members of the American family, as I, a moment ago, described. Now, let me point out something else as well. We need to stop playing games with the national debt limit. We had tax cuts here in 2001 and 2003 that cut Federal revenue to 15 percent of gross domestic product, despite the fact that the historic postwar norm average is closer to 17.5 percent. Actually, in some of those years before that, it rose to 18.5 cents on the dollar—a reason-able expenditure. But instead, as those numbers slipped to 15 percent, the ar-gument became somehow that it was about future payments. The argument over the debt limit is about expenses incurred, what we have obligated ourselves to with veterans benefits, a war in Afghanistan, a war in Iraq. And even though I voted against the war in Iraq, we need to come to the aid of those veterans and those vet-erans hospitals, and we need to come to the assistance of those 1 million new veterans who were created because of it. And again, not asking questions, is it a blue State expenditure? is it a red State expenditure? It is about the na-tional principle. The idea that we would cast doubt on the full faith and credit of the United States to earn a few political points and to try to convince people that this is about future spending, it is not about future spending. This is about the credit card having come due for, in most instances, reasonable expendi-tures, not the least of which includes the obligations we have to Social Secu-rity, Medicare, and our senior citizens. So this agreement that we have ren-dered today is a reasonable and sen-sible bipartisan achievement, and we should use this as an example and as a template for what we might do going forward to address many of the chal-lenges that are going to confront the American people. And be assured of this: Whether it is in Florida or it is in Houston, the ex-penditure requirements here are going to bulge, and we should not be dismissive of that. So raise the debt limit and come to the aid of the Amer-ican family today. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of H.R. 601 to move funds quickly to those in need, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I support providing immediate emergency assistance for those affected by recent natural disasters and was glad to vote for such a bill earlier this week. I believe that raising the debt limit for only three months is a mistake because it does not provide the certainty that financial markets and our economy need. But most concerning to me, and the reason I am voting against this bill, is that it forces our military to operate under a stopgap continuing resolution—once again. Continuing resolutions do enormous, lasting damage to the American military. We are wit-nessing an alarming increase in accidents, growing evidence of a force under stress, and an eroding technological position when com-pared with our adversaries. Not only does this bill fail to remedy those problems, it makes them worse. This bill, like other CRs, allows no new starts—the Pentagon must spend the same money on the same things as last year. But the world is not standing still. In fact, the threats from North Korea and others grow every day. Yet, this CR prevents us from re-sponding. The Constitution places on Congress the re-sponsibility to ‘‘raise and support’’, ‘‘provide and maintain’’ the military forces of the United States. It is morally wrong for our nation to send brave men and women out on mission— even routine training or operations—without the very best equipment, the very best train-ing, the very best support our country can pro-vide. The dysfunction in the budget process has meant that we have not provided them with the best and that we have not been meet-ing our responsibilities. This bill is more of the same. There is plenty of blame to go around be-tween both parties and both the Executive and Legislative branches of government. But this negligence must stop. We must fulfill our duty. We must do better. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the hundreds of thousands of victims of Hurricane Harvey in Houston and Harris County and all along the Texas Gulf Coast, and urge Congress to immediately pass the $15.25 billion dollar emergency aid bill before us today. For six days, the Texas Gulf Coast was hammered by Hurricane Harvey, bringing de-struction beyond anything witnessed in living memory in our state. The storm dropped four feet of rain on Greater Houston. Over 100,000 homes and residences were flooded in Harris County alone. Authorities believe at least 70 Texans were killed due to Harvey, and that number will continue to rise. Houstonians and Texans are a proud and independent people. We take pride in our can- do attitude, as witnessed by our brave first re-sponders and countless volunteers who res-cued neighbors during the worst of the flood-ing. Full recovery from this unprecedented dis-aster will take years, but right now we need Congress to pass this emergency relief bill that will help the people of Houston and the Texas Gulf Coast sustain current relief efforts and onto the road to recovery. God bless America and God bless Texas. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 509, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on agreeing to the motion to concur will be followed by a 5- minute vote on agreeing to the Speak-er’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 316, nays 90, not voting 27, as follows: 
[Roll No. 480] YEAS—316 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.009 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7197 September 8, 2017 
Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Hastings Heck Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) NAYS—90 
Amash Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Biggs Black Blackburn Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Byrne Cheney Collins (GA) Comer Davidson DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Goodlatte Gosar Graves (MO) Griffith Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lamborn Long Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Massie McClintock Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Palmer Pearce Perry Renacci Roby Rokita Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Russell Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Stewart Thornberry Tipton Turner Wagner Walker Walorski Wenstrup Westerman Wittman Yoder Yoho Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—27 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Dunn Garrett Jones Labrador Lawson (FL) Murphy (FL) Posey Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
b1033 Messrs. WALKER, BRAT, and JEN-KINS of West Virginia changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. RUSH, CLYBURN, KINZINGER, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Messrs. YOUNG of Iowa, HUFFMAN, and Mrs. LOVE changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, today I missed rollcall vote No. 480 due to family commit-ments. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Stated against: Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend Floor votes due to the expected birth of my child. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 480. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ERGUSON ). The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speak-er’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 504 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3354. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS) kindly take the chair. b1035 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3554) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on Thursday, September 7, 2017, amendment No. 68 printed in House Report 115–297 offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) had been disposed of. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–297 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 55 by Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN of Tennessee. Amendment No. 56 by Mr. P
ALMER of Alabama. Amendment No. 57 by Mr. C
ARBAJAL  of California. Amendment No. 63 by Mr. P
EARCE of New Mexico. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 156, noes 248, not voting 29, as follows: 
[Roll No. 481] AYES—156 
Abraham Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.001 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7198 September 8, 2017 
Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Cooper Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Flores Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Marchant Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Taylor Thornberry Trott Upton Vela Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—248 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Granger Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Roby Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) NOT VOTING—29 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Dunn Garrett Jones Kaptur Lawson (FL) MacArthur Murphy (FL) Posey Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Shuster Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
b1040 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 178, noes 227, not voting 28, as follows: 
[Roll No. 482] AYES—178 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Davidson Denham Dent DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Vela Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NOES—227 
Adams Aguilar Barletta Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Culberson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Graves (GA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.002 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7199 September 8, 2017 
Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rosen Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—28 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Dunn Garrett Jones Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Murphy (FL) Posey Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1044 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 177, noes 230, not voting 26, as follows: 
[Roll No. 483] AYES—177 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) DeFazio Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—26 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Dunn Garrett Jones Lawson (FL) Murphy (FL) Posey Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1050 Mr. SHUSTER changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. RUSH changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 216, noes 186, not voting 31, as follows: 
[Roll No. 484] AYES—216 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.008 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7200 September 8, 2017 
Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) DeFazio Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—31 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Collins (GA) Costa Courtney Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSantis Deutch Diaz-Balart Dunn Garrett Jackson Lee Jones Larson (CT) Lawson (FL) Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Posey Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
b1054 Mr. COFFMAN changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa) having assumed the chair, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 2017, TO MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 2017 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, September 11, 2017, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for leg-islative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 601 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table (S. Con. Res. 24) pro-viding for a correction in the enroll-ment of H.R. 601, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: S. C ON. RES. 24 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill H.R. 601, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the following corrections: (1) Amend the long title so as to read : ‘‘Mak- ing continuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes’’. (2) Insert before the first section 1 immediately following the enacting clause the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 and Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Require-ments Act, 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. DIVISION A—REINFORCING EDUCATION ACCOUNTABILITY IN DEVELOPMENT ACT DIVISION B—SUPPLEMENTAL APPRO-PRIATIONS FOR DISASTER RELIEF RE-QUIREMENTS ACT, 2017 DIVISION C—TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF PUBLIC DEBT RELIEF DIVISION D—CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any division of this Act shall be treated as refer-ring only to the provisions of that division. DIVISION A—REINFORCING EDUCATION ACCOUNTABILITY IN DEVELOPMENT ACT (3) In section 3, strike subparagraph (B) of section 105(c)(4) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as added by such section 3, and all that follows through the end of such section 3, and insert the following: ‘‘(B) such assistance can produce a sub-stantial, measurable impact on children and educational systems; and ‘‘(C) there is the greatest opportunity to reduce childhood and adolescence exposure to or engagement in violent extremism or extremist ideologies.’’. (4) Insert after section 3 the following: 
SEC. 4. COMPREHENSIVE INTEGRATED UNITED STATES STRATEGY TO PROMOTE BASIC EDUCATION. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a comprehensive United States strategy to be carried out during the following five fiscal years to promote quality basic education in partner countries by— (1) seeking to equitably expand access to basic education for all children, particularly marginalized children and vulnerable groups; and (2) measurably improving the quality of basic education and learning outcomes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.014 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7201 September 8, 2017 
(b) R EQUIREMENT TOCONSULT .—In devel- oping the strategy required under subsection (a), the President shall consult with— (1) the appropriate congressional commit-tees; (2) relevant Executive branch agencies and officials; (3) partner country governments; and (4) local and international nongovern-mental organizations, including faith-based organizations and organizations representing students, teachers, and parents, and other development partners engaged in basic edu-cation assistance programs in developing countries. (c) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—The President shall provide an opportunity for public comment on the strategy required under subsection (a). (d) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required under subsection (a)— (1) shall be developed and implemented consistent with the principles set forth in section 105(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as added by section 3; and (2) shall seek— (A) to prioritize assistance provided under this subsection to countries that are part-ners of the United States and whose popu-lations are most in need of improved basic education, as determined by indicators such as literacy and numeracy rates; (B) to build the capacity of relevant actors in partner countries, including in govern-ment and in civil society, to develop and im-plement national education plans that meas-urably improve basic education; (C) to identify and replicate successful interventions that improve access to and quality of basic education in conflict set-tings and in partner countries; (D) to project general levels of resources needed to achieve stated program objectives; (E) to develop means to track implementa-tion in partner countries and ensure that such countries are expending appropriate do-mestic resources and instituting any rel-evant legal, regulatory, or institutional re-forms needed to achieve stated program ob-jectives; (F) to leverage United States capabilities, including through technical assistance, training, and research; and (G) to improve coordination and reduce du-plication among relevant Executive branch agencies and officials, other donors, multi-lateral institutions, nongovernmental orga-nizations, and governments in partner coun-tries. 
SEC. 5. IMPROVING COORDINATION AND OVER-SIGHT. 
(a) S ENIOR COORDINATOR OF UNITED STATES  I
NTERNATIONAL BASIC EDUCATION ASSIST -
ANCE .—There is established within the United States Agency for International De-velopment a Senior Coordinator of United States International Basic Education Assist-ance (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Sen-ior Coordinator’’). The Senior Coordinator shall be appointed by the President, shall be a current USAID employee serving in a ca-reer or noncareer position in the Senior Ex-ecutive Service or at the level of a Deputy Assistant Administrator or higher, and shall serve concurrently as the Senior Coordi-nator. (b) D
UTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Senior Coordinator shall have primary responsibility for the oversight and coordination of all resources and activities of the United States Govern-ment relating to the promotion of inter-national basic education programs and ac-tivities. (2) S
PECIFIC DUTIES .—The Senior Coordi-nator shall— (A) facilitate program and policy coordina-tion of international basic education pro-grams and activities among relevant Execu-tive branch agencies and officials, partner governments, multilateral institutions, the private sector, and nongovernmental and civil society organizations; (B) develop and revise the strategy re-quired under section 4; (C) monitor, evaluate, and report on activi-ties undertaken pursuant to the strategy re-quired under section 4; and (D) establish due diligence criteria for all recipients of funds provided by the United States to carry out activities under this Act and the amendments made by this Act. (c) OFFSET .—In order to eliminate duplica-tion of effort and activities and to offset any costs incurred by the United States Agency for International Development in appointing the Senior Coordinator under subsection (a), the President shall, after consulting with ap-propriate congressional committees, elimi-nate a position within the United States Agency for International Development (un-less otherwise authorized or required by law) that the President determines to be nec-essary to fully offset such costs and elimi-nate duplication. 
SEC. 6. MONITORING AND EVALUATION OF PRO-GRAMS. 
The President shall seek to ensure that programs carried out under the strategy re-quired under section 4 shall— (1) apply rigorous monitoring and evalua-tion methodologies to determine if programs and activities provided under this subsection accomplish measurable improvements in lit-eracy, numeracy, or other basic skills devel-opment that prepare an individual to be an active, productive member of society and the workforce; (2) include methodological guidance in the implementation plan and support systemic data collection using internationally com-parable indicators, norms, and methodolo-gies, to the extent practicable and appro-priate; (3) disaggregate all data collected and re-ported by age, gender, marital status, dis-ability, and location, to the extent prac-ticable and appropriate; (4) include funding for both short- and long-term monitoring and evaluation to en-able assessment of the sustainability and scalability of assistance programs; and (5) support the increased use and public availability of education data for improved decision making, program effectiveness, and monitoring of global progress. 
SEC. 7. TRANSPARENCY AND REPORTING TO CONGRESS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT ON THE IMPLEMENTA -
TION OF STRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the end of each fiscal year during which the strategy developed pursuant to section 4(a) is carried out, the President shall— (1) submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees that describes the im-plementation of such strategy; and (2) make the report described in paragraph (1) available to the public. (b) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of the efforts made by rel-evant Executive branch agencies and offi-cials to implement the strategy developed pursuant to section 4, with a particular focus on the activities carried out under the strat-egy; (2) a description of the extent to which each partner country selected to receive as-sistance for basic education meets the pri-ority criteria specified in section 105(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act, as added by sec-tion 3; and (3) a description of the progress achieved over the reporting period toward meeting the goals, objectives, benchmarks, and time-frames specified in the strategy developed pursuant to section 4 at the program level, as developed pursuant to monitoring and evaluation specified in section 6, with par-ticular emphasis on whether there are de-monstrable student improvements in lit-eracy, numeracy, or other basic skills devel-opment that prepare an individual to be an active, productive member of society and the workforce. (5) In division B, under the heading ‘‘DIS-
ASTER RELIEF FUND ’’, strike the first ‘‘Provided further’’ and insert ‘‘Provided’’. (6) In section 101(c)(1) of division C, strike ‘‘under section 101(a)’’ and insert ‘‘under sec-tion 101(b)(1)’’. (7) Strike the final section 4 and all that fol-lows through the end. 
The concurrent resolution was con-curred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLU-TION OF INQUIRY TO THE PRESI-DENT Mr. GOODLATTE, from the Com-mittee on Judiciary, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–300) on the resolution (H. Res. 446) of inquiry re-questing the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, re-spectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the removal of former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 504 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3354. Will the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ) kindly take the chair. b1059 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mrs. M
IMIWAL-
TERS of California (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. b1100 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . KNIGHT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 69 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. KNIGHT. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.018 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7202 September 8, 2017 
The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to administer Bu-reau of Land Management contracts number CA 20139 and CA 22901. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. KNIGHT. Madam Chair, I plan to withdraw my amendment, but before I do, Madam Chair, I yield to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ) to engage in a brief colloquy. Mr. CALVERT. I would be happy to engage the gentleman in a colloquy. Mr. KNIGHT. Madam Chair, I appre-ciate the strong support from a number of my colleagues in regards to an issue that is vitally important to Califor-nia’s 25th Congressional District. Citizens of Santa Clarita, California, have fought for over two decades against a sand and gravel mine in their city, which is known for its ideal film-ing and tourism location just outside the city. Santa Clarita is known as Hollywood North. It is the third most populous city in Los Angeles County and proudly preserves 9,000 acres of open space for its residents and film-ing. A sand and gravel mine at this par-ticular location would have extreme negative impacts on local community life and its economy. The already con-gested highways in the area would see additional transport trucks 24 hours a day, and local industries would see downturns from dust and air pollution. I thank Chairman C
ALVERT for his support and look forward to working toward a permanent solution to this long overdue local issue. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I thank my colleague from California for his comments. This body is made bet-ter with his presence. I appreciate the gentleman’s hard work on the situation in Santa Clarita and the need to come to a resolution in a timely manner. After working with him on this issue, I have no doubt that it can be solved with his help. I pledge to assist him in finding a resolution that all parties can support. Mr. KNIGHT. I appreciate that very much. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time, and I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. The Chair understands amendment No. 71 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 72 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 72 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of division A (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used to pay legal fees pursuant to a settlement in any case in which the Federal Government is a party that arises under— (1) the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.); (2) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); or (3) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment. In recent years, we have seen a sharp increase in a practice called sue and settle. This happens when a Federal agency accepts a lawsuit from an out-side advocacy organization and then, rather than defend itself, proceeds to settle that lawsuit in a closed-door agreement, with the end result being new and more costly regulations. If that isn’t bad enough, taxpayers are re-sponsible for footing the legal bill for the attorneys of the radical organiza-tions who filed the suit. My amendment is simple. It prevents American taxpayer dollars from being used to pay the legal fees of outside ad-vocacy groups for settlements under the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act. Litigants can still sue, but they will no longer be financially rewarded by the taxpayers for their efforts. This prac-tice is an abuse of our regulatory proc-ess and must be stopped. Nowhere are these settlements more costly in their outcomes than in the environmental regulatory context. Ac-cording to the Chamber of Commerce, between January of 2013 and January of 2017, the EPA chose not to defend itself in 77 of these lawsuits with outside en-vironmental advocacy groups. Overall, during the 8 years of the prior adminis-tration, the EPA entered into 137 of these settlements. The result of these lawsuits is hundreds of new regulations and tens of millions—even billions—of dollars in compliance costs. Further, as part of the agreements, agencies are often required to reprioritize their agendas, allocating limited resources to the priorities of these interest groups rather than prior-ities designated by Congress or ones that have received public and stake-holder input. The American people are tired of our unaccountable Federal Government, and we have the opportunity to do something about it. This is a simple and necessary step to rein in overregu-lation and bring transparency back to the regulatory process. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, the gentleman’s agreement is an extra-neous amendment that puts the same parameters on attorneys’ fees under the Endangered Species Act, Clean Air Act, and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act that are already in place for attorneys’ fees under the Equal Ac-cess to Justice Act. In other words, the attorneys’ fees are already set for this. The Equal Access to Justice Act caps the hourly rate and requires that the parties be the prevailing party—so the fees are capped. Maybe the gentleman is not aware that the Equal Access to Justice Act, as I said, caps the hourly rate for at-torneys’ fees unless the court—this is up to the court—unless the court deter-mines an increase in the cost of liv-ing—a special factor, such as limited availability for a qualified attorney for the proceedings involved—justifies a higher fee. So the court would look at this very, very carefully, take every-thing into account, and then only when the court would see a need to make sure that we have paid an attorney fairly for their time. So the gentleman’s amendment is al-ready codified and is not needed. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amend-ment. Suing the government and settling has been a lucrative business which is supported by taxpayer dollars. The En-dangered Species Act, for example, has become wrapped around the axle of the judicial system by excessive litigation. Until then, I keep pushing on behalf of the States and the taxpayers. Madam Chair, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the amendment. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Madam Chair, the sue-and-settle practice cuts stakeholders and the public out of the regulatory process. It undermines the Article I authority we hold here in Congress. By restricting the payment of legal fees, we protect taxpayer dollars, re-duce Federal spending, take away the incentive of these environmental advo-cacy groups to sue the Federal Govern-ment, and protect public input in the rulemaking process. Madam Chair, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, once again, I rise to object to this. The Equal Access to Justice Act al-ready caps the hourly rate—it already 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.030 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7203 September 8, 2017 
caps it—and requires that the parties be paid a prevailing wage. Madam Chair, I believe we do not need this redundant provision to a bill that is already overburdened with harmful legislative riders. Madam Chair, I encourage my col-leagues to reject the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 73 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Oil and Natural Gas Sector: Emission Standards for New, Reconstructed, and Modified Sources’’ published by the En-vironmental Protection Agency in the Fed-eral Register on June 3, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 35824). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, this amendment would prohibit funds from enforcing the Obama administration’s EPA methane rule. This rule is currently facing litiga-tion and uncertainty, and Congress must act to block this job-killing regu-lation estimated to cost the U.S. econ-omy $530 million annually. Methane emissions from oil and nat-ural gas have significantly declined in recent decades without multiple, over-lapping Federal regulations, and this is no exception. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, the gentleman’s amendment would block the EPA from regulating methane emissions from sources in the oil and gas sector. Late last night, we had a discussion about whether or not methane from flare-ups should be captured and saved as energy and used as energy. Although this amendment is different, I think it begs the question as to why we aren’t making sure that we are capturing every ounce of energy that is produced in this country and reusing it. But back to the gentleman’s amend-ment today. Methane, I want to point out, is a primary component of natural gas. It is a potent greenhouse gas, with global warming potential more than 25 times greater than carbon dioxide. In 2013, nearly one-third of methane emissions in the United States came from oil and gas production, producing transmission and distribution. There is no doubt at all that methane contrib-utes to the increased levels of green-house gas concentrations, which con-tribute to the long-lasting changes in our climate, such as rising global tem-peratures, sea level change, in weather and precipitation patterns, and changes in the ecosystem’s habits and species diversity. But more important, I think public health is at risk, including more heat waves and drought. That means wors-ening smog, increasing intensity of ex-treme weather like we are seeing again this weekend, increasing the range of ticks and mosquitos, which can spread disease, such as Lyme, West Nile virus, and Zika. Madam Chair, I would just ask the majority to stop this assault on the en-vironment and let us work together not only to capture all the energy pos-sible, but work together to reduce the climate change that our planet and the United States, this weekend, is experi-encing. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ), my colleague. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, I rise in support of this amendment. My colleague, Mr. M
ULLIN , is abso-lutely correct. When former President Obama directed the EPA, BLM, and other agencies to target industries for greenhouse gas emissions, they went directly for oil and natural gas first. But this EPA rule targeting methane is completely unnecessary. Though methane is a byproduct of oil and natural gas production, it is also a valuable product in and of itself, and that is something that oil and gas com-panies routinely capture and sell rath-er than emit. Even EPA estimates show that methane emissions have de-creased, while the production of nat-ural gas and oil increased over the same period. The free market has provided an in-centive to reduce methane release on its own. There is no further need for EPA to impose costly bureaucratic hurdles on these sensitive industries. And make no mistake: This rule im-poses a steep burden. It is estimated to cost our economy $530 million annu-ally. Natural gas and oil production will continue to be pillars of an energy- friendly American economy. But in-stead of reducing barriers to growth, as President Trump has requested, this rule cripples our industries by dupli-cating what a combination of market forces and existing regulations have al-ready produced. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, this amendment doesn’t make sense from an economic perspective or a health perspective. It would block implemen-tation of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency’s commonsense standards for sources of emissions of methane in the oil and gas industry. b1115 And while we invest in renewable en-ergy, at the same time, we know that we can’t wait to transition entirely to renewable energy before we address other side effects of the extraction process, like methane. Pound for pound, methane pollution from oil and gas wells is 30 times more potent than carbon dioxide and is responsible for a quarter of human-made climate change. This EPA rule, frankly, is just a starting point. It is a long overdue standard for the oil and gas industry to reduce methane pollution. Frankly, I wish these rules went further, but these stricter standards are a good start; they are necessary. Scientists have published data that shows that methane released during extraction is an incredibly large contributor to the climate threat. I think it is really critical not to pre-vent the EPA from moving forward and fulfilling the mission that Congress gave them to protect our air, water, and planet, and that is what this amendment would do, which is why I oppose it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma for yielding. Madam Chair, this is an ideologically driven solution in search of a problem. The U.S. oil and gas system represents only 3
1⁄2percent of overall domestic greenhouse gas emissions. You ask yourself: If that is the case, if over 96 percent of the problem is elsewhere, why wouldn’t we focus on that? It is ideological, that is why. The temperature impact of this emis-sions reduction is miniscule, at a mere .0047 degrees Celsius by the year 2100, and, of course, that is a model and that is predicted. No one really knows for sure. But we can know this for sure: it is miniscule. EPA’s own research shows that com-bined oil and gas methane emissions have fallen 19 percent since 1990. Dur-ing the same period, natural gas pro-duction has risen 52 percent and oil production has increased 28 percent. The cost of this unnecessary regula-tion will be $530 million per year by 2025, again, to get .0047 degrees Celsius by the year 2100. 322,000 Pennsylva-nians’ jobs are supported by the oil and gas industry, and we can’t afford it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.033 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7204 September 8, 2017 
Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote for the Mullin amendment. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I re-serve the balance of my time until closing. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), my chairman. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amend-ment. EPA has been directed by the Presi-dent to take a second look at the meth-ane rule promulgated by the Obama ad-ministration. In conjunction with a re-view, EPA has attempted to provide the regulated community with some certainty by postponing some of the implementation dates; however, the courts have blocked that from hap-pening. In light of these challenges, the time may be right for a temporary pause on the enforcement of those requirements, so I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I re-serve the balance of my time until closing. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, once again, I would like to point out that the rule will prevent the waste of an estimated 65 billion cubic feet of nat-ural gas a year and save the taxpayers $330 million annually, and that is en-ergy that could be put to work here in the United States. The public health risks, including more heat waves and drought, as I talked about, the climate change, the health and welfare of our current and future generations must be taken into account. We must take action; we must do something about this. This is a step backwards to adopt this amendment, so I urge my col-leagues to oppose this amendment and to work to protect our planet. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 74 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to prepare, propose, or promulgate any regulation or guidance that references or relies on the analysis con-tained in— (1) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Anal-ysis Under Executive Order 12866’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Carbon, United States Government, in February 2010; (2) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Car-bon, United States Government, in May 2013 and revised in November 2013; (3) ‘‘Revised Draft Guidance for Federal Departments and Agencies on Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and the Effects of Climate Change in NEPA Reviews’’, pub-lished by the Council on Environmental Quality on December 24, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 77802); (4) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Car-bon, United States Government, in July 2015; (5) ‘‘Addendum to the Technical Support Document on Social Cost of Carbon for Regu-latory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order 12866: Application of the Methodology to Estimate the Social Cost of Methane and the Social Cost of Nitrous Oxide’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, United States Government, in August 2016; or (6) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, United States Govern-ment, in August 2016. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, my amendment would prohibit the imple-mentation of the Obama administra-tion’s social cost of carbon, SCC, rule. Congress and the American people have repeatedly rejected cap-and-trade proposals. The Obama administration continuously used social cost of carbon models, which can easily be manipu-lated, in order to attempt to justify new job-killing regulations. The House has made a clear, strong record of opposition to the social cost of carbon, voting at least 11 times to block, defund, or oppose the proposal. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, this amendment is a harmful rider. It has no place on an appropriation bill. This is a big policy discussion that we are talking about that impacts every man, woman, and child here in the United States, and, I might add, I believe, around the world, the amendment that would prohibit the EPA from consid-ering the social cost of carbon as part of its rulemaking. The social cost of carbon is an esti-mate of economic damages associated with small increases of carbon dioxide in emissions in a given year, and it does represent the best scientific infor-mation available for incorporating the impacts of carbon pollution into regu-latory analysis. Weakening or eliminating the use of the social cost of carbon as a tool for Federal agencies would ignore the so-bering costs of health, environment, and economic impacts of extreme weather, rising temperatures, inten-sifying smog, and other impacts. Madam Chair, last night we had many amendments reducing the ability of the EPA to take into account the public health. I believe we have a re-sponsibility to make sure that we are not only the watchdogs and stewards for making sure that our public lands are used in appropriate and effective ways, but we also have a responsibility to use science to make sure that we are doing our due diligence to protect the health of the American people. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time until closing. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, I rise in support of this amendment. The Trump administration has done a good deed for the economy and for the American workers in issuing an ex-ecutive order declawing the Obama ad-ministration’s social cost of carbon guidance, but that is not enough. A fu-ture administration may not have as much sense to take on carbon tax poli-cies. What is more, agencies continue to work on researching social cost on the taxpayer dime. This is also a separation of powers issue. Congress is charged with setting tax policy, and by failing to put the nail in the coffin of this tax in disguise, we abdicate our duty. Congress and the American people have repeatedly re-jected cap-and-trade proposals; now the Trump administration has as well. So-cial cost, however, remains on the books; therefore, Congress must act. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I re-serve the balance of my time until closing. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), my chairman. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amend-ment. Because the administration has al-ready withdrawn the referenced social cost of carbon guidance in the March energy independence executive order, this is an amendment we can support. I support the amendment. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I would urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.036 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7205 September 8, 2017 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, once again, I know that the gentleman who brought the amendment would like to have an active debate and like to see some movement on this issue, but by doing it on an appropriations rule this way, where we don’t have a full trans-parent discussion, we don’t have the scientific community coming in, the health community, and the industry that he would like to see testify, we find ourselves doing these stopgap rid-ers on appropriations bills that only work for the year of the appropriation. It is a way in which we are not using our power as legislators effectively to have change. So these riders are best done in the policy committee, not on the appropriations bill. In closing, I would like to just clear-ly say that I support science and I be-lieve we should not abandon science while trying to tackle climate change, and, therefore, I strongly oppose the gentleman’s amendment and would en-courage a ‘‘no’’ vote. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. M
ULLIN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 75 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to close or con-solidate any regional office of the Environ-mental Protection Agency. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, before I begin my comments on this amend-ment, I want to thank the chairman for including my other amendment re-garding volunteer and State wildfire assistance en bloc earlier today. While a great deal of attention is being paid to Hurricane Harvey and Irma, the West is also being ravaged by wildfires, costing hundreds of millions of dollars and lives. My amendment with Representatives R
ENACCI and K INGthat passed makes sure that States and local governments will have a little bit more resources with their volunteer fire departments to fight those fires, and I appreciate that. Madam Chair, this amendment that is at the desk would address the really unsound plan by the EPA to close down their regional field offices. My amend-ment would prevent this plan from oc-curring by preventing funds from going to the closure of regional Environ-mental Protection Agency offices. We already know that the new EPA leadership has its priorities backwards, focused on how they can help fossil fuels and coal and oil rather than the congressionally mandated responsi-bility of keeping our air and water clean and helping to keep people healthy. So earlier this year, when the Presi-dent’s budget included closing ten re-gional Environmental Protection Agency offices and reports began to surface in April that Secretary Pruitt was looking to close the Region 5 of-fice, which covers the upper Midwest, I was disappointed, hence, this action that I am taking here today with this amendment. The reports we have heard are sur-rounding Region 5, but we have no idea which regions they are targeting. In my home State of Colorado, the Region 8 headquarters serves six States and 27 sovereign Tribal nations. Our head-quarters in Denver are essential to pro-tecting health and safeguarding the na-tional environment in the American West. It is very important to fight against this reckless EPA plan to close down regional offices that keep our air clean. And now more than ever, with tropical storms and flooded chemical plants and oil spills around Houston, we all know how essential EPA presence in the field is. The EPA field offices are often the first responders at the scenes of envi-ronmental disasters. Regional field of-fices are uniquely well versed in par-ticular characteristics in our very di-verse geographic Nation. It is very important for Congress to send an unambiguous message that we want to safeguard the lives and welfare of our American citizens, acknowledge and address the very real threat of cli-mate change. Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, as I noted in our full committee markup in July, there are no regional closures proposed in this legislation; therefore, it is an unnecessary amendment. This topic was discussed at our EPA hearing in June. Administrator Pruitt called rumors about regional closures ‘‘pure legend.’’ Further, it costs money to close re-gional offices and move staff, and fund-ing has not been requested to do so. b1130 In addition, the closure of regional offices is something the administration would need to propose and go through the deliberative process here in Con-gress. It would require a multiyear ef-fort. As a wise man within the administra-tion once said, ‘‘we can close any lab or Federal building that is not located in Washington, D.C., or in a congressional district.’’ As the fiscal year 2018 process has al-ready demonstrated, while the Presi-dent may propose changes, Congress has the final say in funding decisions. In addition, this amendment would have unintended consequences as agen-cies review their footprints and propose ways to reduce their rent, security, utility costs, and operate more effi-ciently. All executive branch agencies are required to submit plans to the President on ways to operate more effi-ciently. We need to see these plans be-fore jumping to any conclusions. So I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Well, if there is no plans to close offices and it would cost more to close them, I would just hope that the Chair would accept this amend-ment, which merely confirms what he just indicated. Madam Chair, I yield to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). Mr. KILDEE. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for offering this amend-ment. I offered a similar amendment, which was not made in order but would have had the same effect. Much discussion has resolved around EPA Region 5, which is the region that I represent, and the important office that has, as part of its responsibility, protection of the Great Lakes, which is one of the most unique ecosystems on the planet, and it is one that deserves and needs full-time protection. I listened carefully to the chairman’s comments, and I agree with them. I think, as my friend from Colorado stat-ed, if there is no question as to whether there is a plan to close these offices, I can tell you that the people that I rep-resent would benefit from the assur-ance that the body that is responsible for making these decisions has made a clear statement that it is on record that these offices will remain open. Certainly, administratively, they can do all the consideration they need to do to think about how they want to save money. But it is up to Congress to decide these questions, and Congress should be clear. And when it comes to the Great Lakes, with all the other cuts that the President has proposed, namely the elimination of the Great Lakes Res-toration Initiative, we need this reas-surance. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I would say to my friend that we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.038 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7206 September 8, 2017 
making a statement. There is no money to close offices in this budget, so I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I would like to inquire as to how much time re-mains. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Colorado has 1
1⁄4minutes remain-ing. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I also rise in support of this amendment. It is nice to be able to support some-thing today. And I really would cau-tion that, although they didn’t talk about closing regional offices, Madam Chair, they did talk about moving and rearranging. Congress needs to be in-volved. I have a Superfund site being cleaned up right now by EPA Region 5. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, again, the chairman has given his assurances that there is no plans to close offices, that it would cost more to close offices; therefore, since there is no additional money for office closure in this bill, it is not happening. I don’t see why we don’t just confirm that same intent that he conveyed by putting this funding amendment re-striction in place that would prevent offices from being closed. If they are saying they are not going to close, and if we are saying they are not going to close, well, let’s just put that in words so it means something. That is all this amendment does. Obviously, if the President or the ex-ecutive want to propose consolidation or closures, they can come back and seek funding for that. The Chair is right. We have the final word. If we include this language in the bill, our final word will be that you can’t close EPA offices without a change in funding and coming back to Congress. So it is completely con-sistent with what the Chair indicated. I think it is a very important state-ment for us to make as a united Con-gress. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 76 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 76 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of division A (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 102(a)(1) of Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1701(a)(1)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. This amendment is very simple. It of-fers Members of this body a very clear choice about whether or not we want to keep our public lands in the hands of those who rightfully own them, the American public; or if we want to sell off our public lands to the highest bid-der. This amendment would prohibit the Federal use of funds to pursue any ad-ditional extralegal ways to turn our Federal lands over to private owners. For example, it would prohibit com-missions. It would prohibit groups that would find backdoor ways to do that, or any other means. My amendment simply ensures that none of the funds through this bill can be used in violation of the law that al-ready exists. I would hope that can be accepted by the Republicans. It is im-portant to note that this amendment would not do anything to undermine the current authority for congressional- and administration- driven land exchanges that many of us have worked on. In the district I am honored to rep-resent, over 60 percent of the land is public land. These public lands are beautiful and majestic, just as they are across the entire country. They are a critical part of our American heritage; our Western heritage; in my State, our Colorado heritage; and they serve so many incredible purposes. First of all, public lands are good for our mind and soul. A U.S. Army Iraq war veteran who lives in Colorado re-cently said: ‘‘I fought to protect all that makes our Nation great, and that includes the public lands that belong to every American.’’ Second, these lands are good for our bodies by protecting water quality and public health. People hike and fish and enjoy outdoor recreation time. The public lands are the ecosystems that house headwaters of our river systems that we rely on for our drinking water and that help keep our air clean through the plants that they water. Not only are our lands good for the soul and health, they are also the key economic driver in my district and my State. Across the country, over $600 billion is generated through outdoor recreation on our public lands, and vis-iting public lands support over 6 mil-lion jobs. I represent Rocky Mountain National Park, which has over 3 million visitors a year. The entire economy of towns, like Estes Park, rely on our public lands. From small businesses to ski re-sorts, from gas stations to diners, our economy thrives in districts like mine because of our public lands. A recent poll across six Western States shows that 96 percent of Ameri-cans support public lands. Let’s vote on this and make sure that 96 percent in Congress agrees with 96 percent of the American public. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. While I agree with the gentleman that current law regard-ing public lands must be followed, there is nothing in this bill that con-tradicts that. As such, there is no pur-pose relevant to this bill for this amendment. I encourage my colleagues to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Well, look, the only argu-ment the chairman has made against this one, like the last one, is that it is not going to happen anyway. So why not give the American people the as-surance? Because, frankly, it could happen anyway. There is a real threat. There are Members of this body and there are members of the President’s administra-tion that are seeking to sell off our public lands, which would devastate our local economy, undermine wildlife and the ecosystems that we support, and remove a critical iconic part of our Western heritage. Selling these public lands to private owners would lead to a loss of access to our most majestic, treasured spaces, a critical part of our quality of life not just for Coloradans, but for the mil-lions of people from across the country that visit our wild areas. Time after time we see real attempts that are made here to transfer our most precious public lands to private ownership or sell them at wholesale. With this amendment, we offer a clear choice. Let’s confirm what the chairman said: that this won’t happen. Let’s support the protection of our public lands as all of our constituents do. I think it is clear to make sure that Members are on the record. Do we sup-port keeping our public lands public? Or do we support the corporatization of something that is, in many ways, the iconic essence of our identity as a peo-ple and as a country, our public lands? Madam Chair, I ask for my col-leagues’ support on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.041 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7207 September 8, 2017 
Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 OFFERED BY MR . NORMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 77 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. NORMAN. Madam Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. The total amount of appropria-tions made available by title II of this Act is hereby reduced by $1,869,087,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. NORMAN. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Chair, I rise today to seek support for amendment 77 to H.R. 3354, the Make America Secure and Pros-perous Appropriations Act, which is supported by the Taxpayers Protection Alliance and key voted by the National Taxpayers Union, Club for Growth, Heritage Action for America, and FreedomWorks. Mick Mulvaney, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, has been guided by the idea that every dol-lar spent by the Federal Government must be scrutinized. I took this prin-ciple to heart as I examined the Presi-dent’s budget request, which stated: ‘‘Everyone believes in and supports safe food supplies and clean air and water. But the agencies of the Federal Government have gone way beyond what was intended by the Congress.’’ Madam Chair, while traveling around my district this August, I heard the same sentiment put more plainly: ‘‘Washington is off the rails.’’ As our national debt grows in excess of $20 trillion, each of my 15 grand-children is being saddled with a $61,000 share of the debt. Now, Madam Chair, my 16th grandchild is on the way. I would really like to start tackling Washington’s spending problems now before grandchild 16 joins us in early December. I am encouraged by the leadership of President Trump’s administration with its budget request, but I strongly be-lieve Congress must do its part to stop this debt from crushing our Nation. That is why I have submitted an amendment that would reduce EPA ap-propriations by $1.869 billion to the ad-ministration’s requested level of $5.655 billion. In his testimony to the House Appro-priations Subcommittee, EPA Admin-istrator Scott Pruitt emphasized the need for the EPA to get back to the ba-sics of statutory authority of ensuring access to clean water, clean air, and land. Madam Chair, the amount of over-reach and wasteful spending the EPA is responsible for is endless. Allow me to share with you a few recent examples. For overreach: first, look to Sackett v. EPA, where the EPA imposed $75,000 cost per day on a couple for placing gravel on dry land to build a home within the existing subdivision. And then there is Andy Johnson, the Wyoming rancher who was facing $20 million in fines for his stock pond, which the EPA alleged violated the Clean Water Act. This is despite the fact that stock ponds were exempt from Federal law, and that he had ob-tained the necessary permits. It took Mr. Johnson 5 months in court to reach a winning settlement which freed him from any obligation to pay the EPA. The waters of the United States rule, which I am happy to see this adminis-tration working to roll back, embodied the overreach perfectly, as the Obama EPA pushed the limits of its power under the Clean Water Act to even reg-ulate some ponds and manmade ditches. Now, for wasteful spending: there is an Environmental Justice Program, a program that is supposed to support business development in disadvantaged communities, which funded an effort to increase knowledge of environ-mentally-friendly nail salon practices in California nail salons. b1145 The estimated price tag was $73 mil-lion over the course of 2016–2025. There was an EPA environmental education program which funded ‘‘edu-cational projects’’ that have included learning how to build rain gardens, the significance of urban forests, poster contests on sun protection, asthma awareness and radon and schoolyard habitat restoration. There was even $300,000 in grant money going to fund the Chesapeake Bay Journal, an environmental news-paper in Maryland. Madam Chair, these are just a hand-ful of recent instances of the EPA’s bu-reaucratic waste at the expense of the American taxpayer. The Presidential budget request for the EPA provides the roadmap for trimming the Agency back to focus on its core mission. Funding for the Agen-cy is focused on infrastructure, elimi-nation of duplicative programs and programs that extend past the EPA’s statutory authority, and ensuring that funds are not lost to bureaucratic waste. Madam Chair, Congress has an in-credible opportunity to practice what we preach in tackling an out-of-control Federal Government. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I would like to remind the gentleman, with this bill, we have cut EPA almost 30 percent since 2010. While we have expressed a number of frustrations with EPA’s overreach over the last few years, and even here today, I cannot support an amendment with cuts of this magnitude which put im-portant programs at risk. An across- the-board cut of this magnitude would reduce priorities like the geographic programs, Great Lakes, Gulf of Mexico, and others, State recovering loan funds, the 28 national estuary pro-grams, several State grants like radon, lead, and beach protection, just to name a few. These are programs proposed for elimination in the President’s budget that Members on both sides of the aisle requested funding in this bill. In fact, I had 5,200 requests. The amendment would also signifi-cantly reduce funding for the Super-fund program. The proposed budget would propose to reduce the program by 31 percent, which would impact new cleanups and slow ongoing cleanups. The President’s budget also proposed to reduce the State categorical grants by 44 percent and cut the Diesel Emis-sion Reduction Grants by 83 percent, which are essential to air quality in my home State of California. States need resources to best serve our constituents back home; therefore, I think this amendment just goes too far. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Minnesota. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment, and I rise to support the chairman of the subcommittee. Colleagues on both sides of the aisle clearly rejected President Trump’s budget. Hurricanes Harvey and, now, Irma have highlighted the need for a strong EPA to ensure Americans have clean air, clean water, and help to prevent exposures to toxic chemicals. They are doing that right now on the ground. They are leaving from other places around this country. They are leaving their homes, and they are going there to be first responders when it comes to toxic cleanup. As has been pointed out, the EPA was cut coming into this floor action by $240 million, and it was cut another 17 percent last night. In fact, since 2010, the EPA has already been reduced by $2.2 billion and has 2,000 fewer staff. The EPA never knows when it is going to be called on. Madam Chair, just a couple weeks ago we got a call about a businessowner who abandoned a plating company, left chemical bar-rels literally disintegrating before the eyes of the St. Paul Fire Department. The EPA was there to help. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.044 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7208 September 8, 2017 
Mr. CALVERT. I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Minnesota. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. The EPA was there to work with the city when the fire de-partment found out what a danger it was. When the county wasn’t able to handle such an extreme toxic cleanup, the Minnesota Pollution Control Agen-cy was able to call on EPA Region 5. They knew the people. They had worked together on other projects, and they gave comfort and aid to home-owners that this toxic waste site that people didn’t even know existed from as close as you and I are to each other, sir, was in their backyard. The EPA does a lot of work. We are asking them to do it on a shorter budg-et. This would make it impossible for them to do their work at all. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman of the subcommittee for his support of the EPA, although sometimes we dis-agree at what level. Mr. CALVERT. It is interesting that we are having a disagreement on how much we should cut the EPA. It is not the argument that we are cutting the EPA. Obviously, that is a fact. We have cut the EPA with this upcoming budg-et by 37 percent over the last few years. I know that the Administrator is doing a lot to create efficiencies with the EPA and to operate that absolutely more effectively for our health and for the benefit of the United States. Madam Chair, with that, I believe this amendment just simply goes too far. I oppose this amendment and would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
OR-
MAN). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. NORMAN. Madam Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. The Chair understands that amend-ment Nos. 78 and 80 will not be offered. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
MUCKER ) having assumed the chair, Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Act-ing Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354), making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environ-ment, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no res-olution thereon. RECOGNIZING THE SUCCESS OF THE FOOD INSECURITY NUTRI-TION INCENTIVE PROGRAM (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the success of the Food Insecurity Nu-trition Incentive Program, otherwise known as FINI, in providing low-in-come Americans the opportunity to put healthier food on the table for their families. As a joint program between the Na-tional Institute of Food and Agri-culture and the USDA’s Food and Nu-trition Service, FINI provides funding to improve the nutrition in SNAP households. Last month, Secretary Perdue an-nounced nearly $17 million in grants to help SNAP participants purchase healthier food options for their fami-lies. This funding would not have been possible without FINI, which was au-thorized by the 2014 farm bill. As chairman of the Nutrition Sub-committee, creating opportunity for low-income families to afford nutri-tious food options is incredibly impor-tant to me, and we want to ensure the program is viable for generations. Last year alone, SNAP helped at least 44 million families put nutritious food on their tables. That allowed 19 million children to lead healthier lifestyles. The FINI program is successful, and we see the success through the good it does for the health of American fami-lies. f 
NEIL NORMAN RECEIVES NA-TIONAL SOCIETY OF PROFES-SIONAL ENGINEERS AWARD (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a constituent, Neil Norman of Richland, Washington, for receiving the National Society of Pro-fessional Engineers Award in honor of his extraordinary contributions to the engineering profession. Mr. Norman is one of only 65 engi-neers to receive this award since 1949, and his substantial career dem-onstrates that he has earned this achievement. He has worked on several state-of-the-art projects since he began his work in 1952, including the plant design and construction for the Yucca Mountain Nuclear Waste Repository. In central Washington, he designed the Fast Flux Test Facility, which is the Hanford nuclear site’s former research reactor. Neil has received several local, State, and national awards over the years. In retirement, he continues to serve his community. He gives lectures to engi-neering students in colleges across the State of Washington to promote profes-sionalism, ethics, public health, and safety. His outstanding career is one to be admired. Please join me in congratulating Neil Norman for his contributions to the en-gineering profession and to our com-munity. f 
AMERICANS HELPING AMERICANS IN TIME OF DISASTER The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate the time. I want to talk about what has been occurring in southeast Texas for the last several weeks. I represent part of the Houston area, north Houston and into other areas of Harris County. Houston is one of many cities in Harris County, Texas. Of course I am going to talk about Hurri-cane Harvey. On August 26, Texans across the State braced themselves for Hurricane Harvey. It was a quick hurricane in that it developed very quickly in the Gulf of Mexico, and it hit southeast Texas near Corpus Christi and Rock-port, and it did considerable damage in Rockport. I understand from Congress-man F
ARENTHOLD , who represents the area, that the entire small town was just obliterated by Hurricane Harvey. That is right on the coast of Texas. Hurricane Harvey made its way up the coast toward Houston, riding the coast and the Gulf of Mexico. When it got to Houston, Texas, it slowed down to some extent, and for 5 days it rained. It rained all day and all night, and the floodwaters rose in the Hous-ton, Harris County area. All told, we got about 50 inches of rain in those 5 days. Seventy percent of Harris County had floodwaters at the highest time that the flood occurred— 70 percent of the Houston, Harris Coun-ty area. b1200 Mr. Speaker, I grew up in Houston, I remember the hurricanes that came through Houston when I was a kid. Hurricane Carla in 1961—or 1962—we thought that was the biggest thing that ever happened to Houston. But there were others since then. More recently, we had Tropical Storms Allison and Alicia; and then the Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, Humberto, Gustav, Ike. And then we had three holiday floodings in the Houston area on Memorial Day, Labor Day, and tax day—IRS day; and now Hurricane Harvey more recently. Hurricane Harvey, all of the experts say this is the worst natural disaster that has ever hit the Houston area; some say in North America. But the bayous in Texas, the way the drain-age—if I can use that phrase—in the Houston area works: Houston is about 50 miles from the Gulf Coast. It is flat. Some areas are just right at sea level. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Sep 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\H08SE7.REC H08SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7209 September 8, 2017 
And we have a system of bayous and creeks that all move through the Hous-ton area down the Gulf of Mexico. So if the water is in Houston, it has got to go southeast to the Gulf of Mexico. And, of course, when the rains came and the floods came up, there was no place for the water to go because there was so much water. After Hurricane Harvey hammered Houston, it worked its way back out to of the Gulf of Mexico just a little bit to gain some strength, gain more power, and then came back ashore further on down the coast in Jefferson and Lib-erty Counties, Beaumont, Port Arthur. You probably never heard of those towns, but it went through that area, into parts of Louisiana, and then worked its way on up through Arkan-sas, Tennessee, and Kentucky. I think it finally dissipated and it has gone away. Let me be a little more specific about what happened in two counties further to the east, two counties that I used to represent as a Member of Congress. Jef-ferson County is the home to the larg-est selection or collection of refineries in the United States. About 22 percent of the Nation’s refineries are along the channel. Port Arthur and Beaumont are where the refineries are. Port Ar-thur, Texas, right on the coast, was completely flooded during Hurricane Harvey, and the refineries were shut down. I know that because the gasoline prices have spiked overnight because that fuel is not being produced. Most of those refineries will be back on line very soon, if they are not already on line. So the flooding was massive. If you take the State of New Jersey and you turn it on its side and set it on the Texas coast from Louisiana down to Corpus, that is the size of the floods and the rains in Hurricane Harvey. It is a massive area that affected a lot of people throughout Texas. The Second Congressional District that I represent was flooded like most of the congressional districts in the area. And during the rains and the floods that were coming down for those several days, people got into action. They didn’t wait for the rains to stop or the floods to stop coming up. Ordi-nary folks started helping each other. With the first responders and the vol-unteers, 72,000 people were rescued. That is a massive number: 72,000. Here is one of those rescues right here. We have got the National Guard, the Texas National Guard came in—all of them came into southeast Texas—rescuing a lady and her child. That is just one photograph of many photographs of rescues that took place. The amount of water that came down was 50 inches. If you take the Astro-dome and fill it with water 86,000 times, that is how much water hit the Houston area. That is an unbelievable amount of water that came into the Houston area. I would like to talk about a few folks that helped out in the rescue. One of those individuals was Houston Police Sergeant Steve Perez. I talked about him the other day on the House floor. I would like to mention him again be-cause he is a perfect example of our first responders and what they are will-ing to do in times of need. Sergeant Perez was a 60-year-old vet-eran of the Houston Police Depart-ment. He was at the Houston Police Department 34 years. He grew up in San Antonio, Texas, went to ROTC in San Antonio, commissioned as a second lieutenant, and he became a major in the Army Reserve. After that, he moved to Houston, Texas, and joined the Houston Police Department. Here is a photograph of Sergeant Steve Perez. He lived in Houston, of course. Rain is coming down. He is going to report for duty. His wife suggested and really encouraged him and begged him not to go because of the floods around where they lived. He is headed to the Houston Police Department headquarters. He could not get there. So he calls on the radio and he was told he couldn’t get there. He found out that the rains were hit-ting all of the Houston area, especially in a place called Kingwood. Kingwood is about 25 to 30 miles from downtown Houston, up in the northeast area. He is in his car. He turns and started head-ing up to Kingwood. He goes under an underpass—it is raining real hard—he couldn’t see very well, and his car went in, flooded, and he drowned. Sergeant Steve Perez was married and a father of two. He was looking for a path to Kingwood for over 2 hours, trying to get there to let folks know they needed to evacuate the area. Next Wednesday, Sergeant Perez will be buried in Houston. His funeral is at 9 o’clock at a downtown church. There will be hundreds of police officers from all over the State of Texas and other States there to honor him, along with a thousand or more civilians. Sergeant Steve Perez gave his life in the line of duty, the thin blue line. He was protecting us from the tragedy. Remember, he could have made a choice just not to report for duty that day because he couldn’t get to work. He made the choice to take care of other Houstonians. One other officer I want to mention is Officer Bert Ramon. He has stage IV colon cancer. That is serious stuff, and he reported for duty. He wasn’t going to sit out this crisis. He couldn’t get downtown, so he teamed up with Hous-ton’s Lake Patrol. We have boats in Houston for flooding, but we have Lake Houston and some other big waters where they use boats for different rea-sons. But he teamed up with the Hous-ton Lake Patrol division. While he was working with them for 3 days, he rescued 1,500 people, includ-ing seniors, children, and handicapped folks; he and the folks he was working with on the Lake Patrol rescued 1,500 people. I just admire him and all of our first responders who got out in all of this really tough weather to do what they needed to do, but wanted to do. Officer Ramon receives biweekly chemo treat-ments in Houston for his cancer, but he went ahead and did what he wanted to do to serve and protect the rest of us. He rescued many of them that were seniors, as I mentioned. He jokes a lot. He told those seniors that they were on the San Antonio River Walk cruise. There is a river that runs through San Antonio through downtown, the River Walk, and he told them they were on the River Walk cruise. He was trying to be lighthearted and put the people that he was rescuing at ease. Other first responders, firefighters, EMS, of course, the police were work-ing day and night, sleeping at the sta-tions. Many of them had their own homes flooded, yet they are going to do good work for other people. But they weren’t the only ones. Vol-unteers came to Houston, Dallas, Ar-lington, San Antonio, Texas; and many from across State lines. I had the op-portunity to meet police officers from Ohio; California; Arlington, Texas; and other places, who were there to help. And they came from, like I said, all over the country to help folks. We had 12,000 National Guard in Texas helping people. That is all the National Guard we had, and they came as well. I do want to mention the fact that it wasn’t just first responders. We had volunteers coming from Boston, Massa-chusetts. It took them a while to find Texas. I mean, it is a long way away. California and New York sent officers as well to help. To all of those folks whose names we may never know, we are grateful. Those of us in Houston, Texas, and the affected areas are grateful for those first responders and the volunteers that came from all over the States. I am not sure you can see this photo-graph, Mr. Speaker, but this is a long line of pickup trucks and bass boats. I don’t know if you own a bass boat or not. It is the dream of every Texas boy growing up to own two things: a pickup truck and a bass boat. I mean, life is good if they can get those two things. There are some other things, but I am not going to mention those at this time. But here are a bunch of pickup trucks from this end of the poster, all the way to the other end, and these are coming from Louisiana. Louisiana is the next State over from Texas. We love the folks in Louisiana. We claim them; they claim us. Some say we vote in their elections, and they vote in our elections. I don’t think that is true, but we are all kindred spirits. But they call this the Cajun Navy. And what the Cajun Navy did was bring not only bass boats and pickup trucks, but they filled these boats up full of Cajun food and supplies, and they came to Texas to do everything they could to help res-cue individuals. We appreciate them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.049 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7210 September 8, 2017 
The Cajun Navy weren’t the only ones doing this. There were people from other parts of the State. I don’t know that you could find Brownwood, Texas, on a map, but it is northwest, sort of in the panhandle area. And there were two young guys. I think they are in their twenties or so. They were watching all of this on television. So they get in their pickup trucks and they drive from Brownwood, Texas, and they stopped in Austin—which is still 200 miles away from Houston—at a Cabela’s sport center. They went in there and each one of them bought a bass boat, a motor, and a trailer; hooked it up to their pickup trucks, filled it up with all kinds of stuff that was needed, and they headed to Hous-ton. For 4 days they helped rescue indi-viduals. This is just a few examples of neigh-bors helping neighbors. The folks in the Houston area, Mr. Speaker, they didn’t wait for govern-ments—I am not just talking about the Federal Government, but any govern-ment—to start helping individuals that needed help during the rescue oper-ations that were for about 4 days. A lot of my constituents, frankly, don’t like government. They do things on their own, and that is what people were doing in the Houston area. You may have seen many of these ex-amples on television. It was heart-warming to see so many people, strang-ers helping strangers, neighbors help-ing neighbors. Race or politics had nothing to do with any of this. It was higher than politics. It is all about peo-ple. And people jumped in to help. Many people whose own homes were flooded out, yet they had a boat and they are helping other people, helping their neighbors rescue individuals. There was an elderly man who was trapped inside his SUV, Mr. Speaker, and the neighbors see that he is trapped in his SUV. Floodwaters are coming up. Neighbors and strangers watched, and they didn’t know what to do. Water is coming up. They don’t have a rope. They can’t get to him. So these people who did not know each other form a human chain from dry land to where he was in his SUV as water is coming up and pulled him out, and got him, and rescued him to make sure that he was safe. b1215 The waters in the current were too strong for anybody to swim, so they formed a human chain, and they res-cued him, saved him. Every morning, Mr. Speaker, there is a couple, maybe an elderly couple— they probably don’t want to be called that—but a couple in the Houston area who goes to Chick-fil-A in the morn-ings for breakfast. J.C. and Karen Spencer are their names. They call in and order the same order every day at the same time at the local Chick-fil-A. The Chick-fil-A manager, Jeffrey Urban, knew them. He would see on the phone the caller ID. He knew the phone number, and before he even answered the phone, he started preparing what they were going to order because they order the same thing every day. But on the morning of August 28, as Hurricane Harvey is there in Houston hammering down and unleashing tril-lions of gallons of water, Jeffrey that morning was closing the restaurant to protect the restaurant from flooding the best he could. He was going to head for home, but the phone is ringing, and he knew who it was. It was J.C. and Karen Spencer who call in every morn-ing. He thought they were calling for their usual breakfast, a Texas burrito is what they are getting ready to have. So he picked up the phone. But they weren’t calling for breakfast. They were calling for help. Their house was completely flooded. The waters were rising fast. They had tried all the emergency numbers. They couldn’t get ahold of anybody. They are in their home, they can’t get out, and they don’t know what to do. They panic, to some extent, so they call Jeffrey at the Chick-fil-A as they do every morning. So what Jeffrey did was, he didn’t just go home. He, along with the res-taurant owner, headed to the Spencer’s house with their jet ski in tow. As you can see, here is Jeffrey, and here is Karen. He takes the jet ski, he goes into the house, picks her up, takes her to dry land, and also helps her hus-band safely leave. It is just a good ex-ample of folks just taking care of other people in the area. They were able to get out, and their home was later de-stroyed. It is just an example of the spirit of people and the attitude of people in the Houston area when this hurricane hap-pened. I could spend a lot of time tell-ing about other folks, and I am going to tell as many stories as I can. Speaking of time, Mr. Speaker, can you tell me how much time I have re-maining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has 40 minutes remaining. Mr. POE of Texas. Good, Mr. Speak-er. I will look at the clock and make sure I don’t go overboard here. In Houston, a woman went into labor as Hurricane Harvey flood waters began to rise. She was helped, likewise, by a rescue truck of neighbors and fire-fighters who, once again, formed that human chain. Two Beaumont police officers and fire rescue divers spotted a woman and her infant child floating in a canal in Beaumont, Texas. The canal is rushing to the Gulf of Mexico. The canal is full. The crew were able to pull the woman and her daughter from the canal and save their life. Another mother saved her own child’s life. This is what mothers do anywhere in the world. She was 41 years of age. They were in the water for a long time. When they were finally found, the baby was found clutching the chest of her mother. The mother did the best she could to keep the child above the water, water that she could not apparently touch the bottom of wherever she was, and the two Beau-mont police officers and fire and rescue divers pulled them out of the water. The mother later died, but the baby is okay. That is what mothers do, Mr. Speaker. They take care of their kids. We have a furniture business in Hous-ton. It is owned by kind of a famous guy there. His name is Mattress Mack McIngvale. He is always on TV adver-tising his store and telling people to come there and he will save them money if they buy stuff at his story. It is called Gallery Furniture. Here is what happened. At his store, volunteers gathered his delivery trucks on Sunday, used those delivery trucks all over the Houston area—trucks that deliver furniture—and they started res-cuing people who were stranded. They rescued 400 children and adults. He didn’t take them to a shelter. He took them to his furniture store, and they stayed in his store for several days. I don’t know, they may still be there. But he let them live there and form a little cubicle, so to speak, where they could be safe, and he let them stay on their furniture that he had. He even al-lowed the families to have pets in his store as a rescue place for people who were in need. It was irrelevant that all that furniture was new. He just let them stay there. That is just the way he is and the way other people are. About 1,500 miles away from Texas, two young boys raised money for hurri-cane victims in Texas. In western New York, two cousins, Dominic and Evan, started a lemonade stand to raise money for hurricane victims. They sold lemonade for 25 cents and donated all the money to the food bank of Hous-ton. I have 12 grandkids, Mr. Speaker, and two of them live in Austin, Barrett and Brooklyn. I have had them both here on the House floor before. They and their schools started making packages that they donated for the recovery ef-fort, and those packages were brought to Houston that they donated and made at their schools. They had all kinds of stuff that folks needed and created several of those. Mr. Speaker, I understand that you have just received a signing of the leg-islation, the Hurricane legislation as I call it. I missed the signing down the hallway in the Speaker’s Office, but now that is sent to the White House I understand. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. POE of Texas. I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding for just a moment. I would welcome the opportunity to use the time that the gentleman yields, but I do want to compliment the gentleman for what he has done at this most difficult time and greatly appreciate what he is say-ing about those who were there to be a help to those in time of need. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.050 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7211 September 8, 2017 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ). He and I are very close friends, Mr. Speaker. We both became lawyers the same year in 1973. We worked at the courthouse. I was a pros-ecutor, and he was a defense lawyer in Houston. We did battle together there. We both resigned our positions, ran, and became judges the same year, spent on the bench 22 years a piece, re-signed the same day, ran for Congress, and we both won. He is a good friend of mine. He and I probably don’t agree on a whole lot, but we do agree on some things. Civil-ity is what we need here on the House floor and in Washington, D.C., to dis-cuss things in a civil manner. So I thank the gentleman for coming by. I appreciate his help. His district is south of mine and got hammered as well during the floods. We are all work-ing together, the Texas delegation and other delegations, to make sure we help folks who have tragedy reach their lives. So I thank the gentleman for his work. We have been working to-gether on this very important issue. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. POE of Texas. I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I would like to share this thought with the gentleman because he touched upon a salient point, and that is the notion that we can have unity without uniformity. We can maintain our prin-ciples, but we can always find higher ground to stand on. The principles that we have, we don’t have to relinquish so that we can do things together. I am honored that the gentleman and I have been able to do a good many things together. As the gentleman knows, annually he and I work to-gether on the abuse of persons in do-mestic relations. We have decided that that is something that we don’t want to tolerate and that we will stand to-gether against it. I just want to thank the gentleman again for his many years of service and the service especially in that time of crisis. I greatly appreciate the gen-tleman. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Judge Green, once again, as I like to refer to the gentleman for all his work here in Congress helping out folks in Texas, and I will continue to work with the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I have talked quite a bit about the floods. I want to mention a couple of other things about the flood-ing in the Houston area. We have two reservoirs—they call them dams in other places—but they are earthen res-ervoirs that collect water, and the water is stored in those reservoirs. Both the reservoirs flooded. Water then was let out of the reservoirs and went downstream, as we call it, and flooded houses, as well as the rain. Here is a photograph of homes that were flooded by the storm but also flooded because Addicks Reservoir water was being released out of Addicks Reservoir and flooded these homes. But it is just a good example of the area that was flooded in Houston covered 70 percent of the Harris County area at its highest peak. But after the floods, after the rain came and the floodwaters started going down, people started helping in the recovery busi-ness, the same folks. People were vol-unteering to help each other. After the waters started going down, they were in the recovery business. Churches got involved, of course, government agencies got involved, and first responders got involved. I live up in the Kingwood area in a town called Humble, Texas, and that town got a lot of water and a lot of flooding in it. Near both of those areas, Kingwood and Humble, a lot of churches were work-ing. The Second Baptist Church and St. Martha’s Church turned their facilities into a makeshift shelter for those who had need. I went to Second Baptist while they had a lot of folks there, now they have rescue crews—I say rescue crews—they have crews who are going out to dif-ferent neighborhoods and helping with the removal of walls, sheetrock and anything else that was flooded. It is not just one or two crews. These are 10- person crews. They have about 70 of these crews—that is 700 people they have going out every day to help people recover some of their property but also get that drywall torn down and ripped off, because in the Houston area, in the summer heat and humidity, water can do a lot of damage if it is not dealt with immediately. But to all those people, from Second Baptist and St. Martha’s and many other faith-based groups, we appreciate the fact that they are out there doing what they can to help other individuals as well. I mentioned the Cajun Navy. The Cajun Navy—there were other people in boats who helped as well—a lot of boats. You probably saw a lot of them on TV—rubber boats, bass boats, and some people had other kind of boats that they were driving up and down the streets that were flooded. The residents who weren’t able to recover, rebuild, take down the sheetrock, for example, in these homes, they got lots of help from other volunteers. b1230 I mentioned Second Baptist Church. There were about 1,600 volunteers who helped at Second Baptist, and they are still helping people. They have received, as have all of the agencies, the nonprofits, and the gov-ernment agencies, a lot of supplies, a lot of stuff that is needed for people who have lost everything. It is remark-able. No matter where you go, they are storing all of this. They have a lot of it. Some areas don’t have enough room. Some churches don’t have enough room to store all of the goods that people can use—clothes, food, and other goods—and they are going to other places. I say that because these are people who just get it. They are people in the Houston area and people out of State sending what they can. There are 18- wheelers full of stuff from many parts of the country to help people get their lives back together, all donated by cor-porations, donated by individuals, do-nated by schoolchildren. They are all headed to Houston. That is being dis-tributed, as well, for people to recover. Mr. Speaker, Hurricane Harvey, as I mentioned, is certainly the worst that I have ever seen, growing up in the Houston area. Harvey cannot defeat the people in Texas. They are resilient about: We will not be defeated. We will not be victims. We will be survivors and victors over this hurricane. That is the attitude. You have seen that attitude on national television. You just turn on any TV station and you see that happening. That is the at-titude of the people who are there. I think it is an encouraging attitude. It is the Texas spirit, as we like to say. I know it is in other parts of the coun-try, but it is in Texas, as well. We use the statement: We are Texas strong, we are Houston strong. We are. The folks in the Houston area refuse to let Harvey defeat them. People who don’t know each other, people who do know each other, neighbors, strangers, all races, all ages are just out there helping each other. They don’t really want a lot of recognition for that. It is just the thing they do. We are a very diverse community. I think we are the second most diverse, behind New York. We have about an equal number of Whites, Blacks, and Browns. We have a strong Asian popu-lation. We speak about 115 languages in the Houston area. Very diverse. But it doesn’t make any difference what you look like or how old you are, people were helping each other. And they are still helping each other. It is people above politics. That is what is taking place. We are not talk-ing politics. Nobody is talking politics. Everybody is talking about people and helping each other. We do have some minor problems when these tragedies happen nation-wide; natural disasters. We have folks in the Houston area—they were out-of- towners—coming to town to do crimi-nal stuff. They wanted to loot. The sheriff and the chief of police made it real clear early on that looters would be caught and prosecuted. That has happened. There were signs out among the area of Houston about looters and what would happen to them if they were caught. I won’t go into those signs, Mr. Speaker, but there were a lot of signs warning looters to not loot this particular property or there would be some unpleasant con-sequences. We didn’t have a big problem with that. There was some price gouging by some businesses and some individuals. In Texas, if you are a price gouger, there is going to be a day of reckoning. It is against the law. It is a $20,000 fine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.052 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7212 September 8, 2017 
per occurrence. Those people will be prosecuted, the few who were there. But that is not the emphasis of what I am trying to say today. I am trying to say and want to say thanks to the people of the Houston area and the peo-ple who came to Houston to help in the rescue, who are helping now in the re-covery, because they need that recogni-tion. I also want to thank the House. The first bill we took up this week was for Hurricane Harvey recovery. It quickly passed the House and went down the hallway. The Senate passed it, added something to it, it came back to here, and we just recently sent that bill to the President of the United States to sign it. It is about $15 billion in aid for victims of Harvey. Most Members of the House sup-ported, especially, the House bill. It shows that we can come together in times of tragedy. We are mindful of the fact that, as we speak here and are re-covering in Texas, folks in Florida are watching Hurricane Irma come their way. So we will send those boats that came to Texas and those pickup trucks East and help the people in Florida. This is really an American issue, it is not a Texas issue. We all have to work together on this important time. Lastly, I would just like to conclude, Mr. Speaker, by saying the attitude of the people who were affected, to me, is inspirational. The rains came down and the floods came up, like we sang in Bible class about Noah. The floods came up and flooded, but those floods have disappeared. The sun has come out. There is a rainbow over the area and people are putting their lives back together. There is nothing that can defeat the human spirit. We appreciate Congress quickly sending the $15 billion in relief money to the area. This is a disaster that some have estimated will cost the Houston economy over $100 billion. I don’t know how much it is. We will do what we can here in Con-gress to make sure that we can get aid to people in Texas and those who are going to be affected by the hurricane in Florida. We appreciate our first re-sponders, our civilian volunteers, the military, the National Guard, the Coast Guard, all of our military re-sources—the Navy even put two ships off the Texas coast to bring in supplies and help—all the volunteers, the first responders, the firefighters, EMS, po-lice, and other agencies that came to-gether to work together to deal with Harvey and not accept defeat, but only accept victory. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ), my friend. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, once again, the gentleman and I have been able to compliment each other, as we properly should, as Mem-bers of Congress. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a grateful and prayerful heart. I am grateful to my colleagues, many of whom called to give their expressions of concern. Mr. Speaker, it is a wonderful thing to have your colleagues call to let you know how much they care about what is happening in your congressional dis-trict. After all, we are Congresspersons of the United States of America, not just the congressional districts that we just happen to represent. So I am grateful to my many col-leagues and leadership calling, all to give their expressions of concern not just for me, but for the people who we all represent as Congresspersons of the United States of America. I am also grateful for the many lives that were spared. Many lives were spared. I don’t know why some people were able to survive in circumstances wherein they should not have, but I do know that I am grateful that they were spared. I am also very grateful for the many Good Samaritans who were there to ex-tend the hand of friendship in a time of need, who went out of their way to be a neighbor to people they did not know. I am so grateful to those who came across county lines and State lines to do what only they could do, because many of them had talents and they had various instrumentalities that were of benefit to us in a time of need. So I am grateful to the Good Samaritans. I am also grateful that we were able to get the $15 billion that will be a good faith downpayment to those who are still suffering in Houston, Texas, and in other places that this monster visited. I am very grateful that I was in the Speaker’s Office and was there to see the actual signing take place. I thank the Speaker for allowing me to be present. I am prayerful. I am prayerful for those who are still suffering. In my congressional district, there are people who are still in homes that are mold- infested. They need help. I want them to know that there is some help on the way. Obviously, we will have to do more, but I am prayerful that they will have their homes restored. I am prayerful that they will have their lives return to normalcy. I am prayerful that their children will have the opportunity to get into school as quickly as possible. I am prayerful that they who are suffering will have the hands of our government there to com-fort them. I am prayerful that they will under-stand that, while others are going to do what they can, only the government of the United States of America can do the heavy lifting necessary. A lot of largesse has come in. A lot of lagniappe is available. But only the government can do this heavy lifting. I am prayer-ful that they will understand that we are going to do what we can to make sure that they get the help that they need. I am prayerful for the families that have lost lives. One such family lost a first responder, a Houston police offi-cer. He lost his life on his way to save lives, to help lives, to help people who were in harm’s way. It really gives a true definition of what ‘‘in the line of duty’’ means. In the line of duty, he was taken away from us. So I am prayerful that his family, as well as all of the other families that have lost lives, will be able to under-stand that when words cannot satisfy the concerns that you have, when noth-ing anyone says can make the dif-ference that needs to be made, I am prayerful that they will understand that they can lean on their faith and that faith can see them through that which they can go through no other way. I am prayerful for them. I am prayerful for my friends in the State of Florida, where I was reared. I was born in Louisiana, reared in Flor-ida. I attended college in Florida. I went to high school in Florida. Florida is my home, for all practical purposes, except for Texas, where I call home. I am a transplant, obviously, but Texas is home. I am prayerful for my friends in Florida. I have relatives there. They have a monster headed their way—a monster that is going to, unfortunately, create harm and cause damages. Now, my hope is that it will skirt Florida and that it will go another way. I believe in miracles, and I am asking for a miracle. But I am prayer-ful for my friends, for fear that this monster will visit Florida. My prayer is that I will be able to call every one of my colleagues in Flor-ida and let them know that I care about them and their constituents. As I have said, we are all Congresspersons of the United States of America. b1245 I am prayerful for my friends, prayer-ful for my family, all of whom are in Florida—not the entirety of my family, not the entirety of my friends, but those who are in Florida. And finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to say to the Members of this House, I am grateful to every Member who took the vote to help us in a time of need. I have been here long enough to have the good sense to know that for some it was a hard vote, and I am grateful that you took that hard vote, because I under-stand that people have principles, they have circumstances that are important to them, and that legislation doesn’t always come to everyone the way we would have it come. I am just grateful for those who took that hard vote because they had ra-tionales and reasons that they could show that, if they were to be con-sistent, perhaps they would have voted another way. But they took the hard vote, and I am grateful to them. I am grateful that they did so, and I am prayerful that we will all be able to take the hard votes necessary to ac-cord the people who have been harmed by what happened in Texas and across the Gulf Coast and what is about to happen to those who are in Florida and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.053 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7213 September 8, 2017 
other places, I am prayerful that we will have the courage to take these hard votes so that we can make sure that this government does what it is supposed to do, and that is protect its people, provide for their security, and provide for their welfare in times of need. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful and I am prayerful. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. G
ARRETT (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of the expected birth of his child. Mr. J
ONES (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on ac-count of work in district. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY MATERIAL 
STATUS REPORT ON CURRENT SPENDING LEVELS  
OF ON -BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR  
FY 2017 AND THE 10 -YEAR PERIOD FY 2017  
THROUGH FY 2026  H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC, September 8, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : To facilitate applica-tion of sections 302 and 311 of the Congres-sional Budget Act, I am transmitting an up-dated status report on the current levels of on-budget spending and revenues for fiscal year 2017, and for the 10-year period of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. This status report is current through September 5, 2017. The term ‘‘current level’’ refers to the amounts of spending and revenues estimated for each fiscal year based on laws enacted or awaiting the President’s signature. Table 1 in the report compares the current levels of total budget authority, outlays, and revenues to the overall limits, as adjusted, contained in S. Con. Res. 3, as agreed to on January 13, 2017, for fiscal year 2017, and for the 10-year period of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. This comparison is needed to implement section 311(a) of the Congres-sional Budget Act, which establishes a rule enforceable with a point of order against measures that would breach the budget reso-lution’s aggregate levels. The table does not show budget authority and outlays for years after fiscal year 2017 because appropriations for those years have not yet been completed. Table 2 compares the current levels of budget authority and outlays for legislative action completed by each authorizing com-mittee with the limits contained in S. Con. Res. 3, as agreed to on January 13, 2017, for fiscal year 2017, and for the 10-year period of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. For fiscal year 2017 and the 10-year period of fiscal years 2017 through 2026, ‘‘legislative action’’ refers to legislation enacted after the adoption of the levels set forth in S. Con. Res. 3. This comparison is needed to enforce section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act, which creates a point of order against measures that would breach the section 302(a) alloca-tion of new budget authority for the com-mittee that reported the measure. It is also needed to implement section 311(b), which exempts committees that comply with their allocations from the point of order under section 311(a). Table 3 compares the current status of dis-cretionary appropriations for fiscal year 2017 with the ‘‘section 302(b)’’ suballocations of discretionary budget authority and outlays among Appropriations subcommittees. The comparison is needed to enforce section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act be-cause the point of order under that section equally applies to measures that would breach the applicable section 302(b) sub-allocation. The table also provides supple-mentary information on spending in excess of the base discretionary spending limits al-lowed under section 251(b) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act. Table 4 compares the levels of changes in mandatory programs (CHIMPs) contained in appropriations acts with the permissible lim-its on CHIMPs as specified in sections 3103 and 3104 of S. Con. Res. 11 (114th Congress). The comparison is needed to enforce a rule established in S. Con. Res. 11 (114th Con-gress) against fiscal year 2017 appropriations measures containing CHIMPs that would breach the permissible limits for fiscal year 2017. Table 5 displays the current level of ad-vance appropriations for fiscal year 2018 of accounts identified for advance appropria-tions pursuant to Section 3(g) of H. Res. 5. These tables are needed to enforce a rule against appropriations bills containing ad-vance appropriations that are: (i) not identi-fied in the statement of the Chairman pub-lished in the Congressional Record on May 2, 2017 and (ii) would cause the aggregate amount of such appropriations to exceed the level specified in Section 3(g) of H. Res. 5. In addition, a letter from the Congres-sional Budget Office is attached that sum-marizes and compares the budget impact of legislation enacted after the adoption of the budget resolution against the budget resolu-tion aggregates in force. If you have any questions, please contact Jim Bates or Brad Watson. Sincerely, D
IANE BLACK , Chairman, Committee on the Budget. 
TABLE 1.—REPORT TO THE SPEAKER FROM THE COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, STATUS OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2017, AND 2017–2026 CONGRESSIONAL BU DGET REFLECTING ACTION COMPLETED AS OF SEPTEMBER 5, 2017 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] Fiscal Year 2017
1 Fiscal Years 2017–2026 
Appropriate Level: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 3,327,983 n.a. Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,267,647 n.a. Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,682,088 32,351,660 Current Level: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 3,326,827 n.a. Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,260,381 n.a. Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,682,089 32,351,668 Current Level over (+)/under (¥) Appropriate Level: Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..............................................¥1,156 n.a. Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................¥7,266 n.a. Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. +1 +8 
n.a. = Not applicable because annual appropriations Acts for fiscal years 2019 through 2026 will not be considered until future  sessions of Congress. 
1The FY2017 Concurrent Resolution on the Budget was agreed to in S. Con. Res. 3. 
TABLE 2.—DIRECT SPENDING LEGISLATION, COMPARISON OF AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE LEGISLATIVE ACTION WITH 302(A) ALLOCATIONS FOR BUDGET  CHANGES, REFLECTING ACTION COMPLETED AS OF SEPTEMBER 5, 2017 
[Fiscal Years, in millions of dollars] House Committee 2017 2017–2026 BA Outlays BA Outlays 
Agriculture: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 Armed Services: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 0 0 ¥1 ¥1 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 0 0 ¥1 ¥1 Education and the Workforce: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 Energy and Commerce: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 ¥1,000 ¥1,000 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ ¥256 +40 +2,073 +2,369 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ ¥256 +40 +3,073 +3,369 Financial Services: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.055 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7214 September 8, 2017 
TABLE 2.—DIRECT SPENDING LEGISLATION, COMPARISON OF AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE LEGISLATIVE ACTION WITH 302(A) ALLOCATIONS FOR BUDGET  CHANGES, REFLECTING ACTION COMPLETED AS OF SEPTEMBER 5, 2017—Continued 
[Fiscal Years, in millions of dollars] House Committee 2017 2017–2026 BA Outlays BA Outlays 
Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 Foreign Affairs: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 Homeland Security: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 House Administration: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 Judiciary: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 0 0 +6 +6 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 0 0 +6 +6 Natural Resources: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 0 0 +4 +4 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 0 0 +4 +4 Oversight and Government Reform: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 0 0 0 +15 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 0 0 0 +15 Science, Space and Technology: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ +1 +1 +1 +1 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ +1 +1 +1 +1 Small Business: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 Transportation and Infrastructure: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 0 0 0 0 Veterans’ Affairs: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ +2,100 0 +1,103 +1,070 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ +2,100 0 +1,103 +1, 070 Ways and Means: 302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 0 0 ¥1,000 ¥1,000 Legislative Action ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ +17 ¥2 ¥1,474 ¥1,475 Difference ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ +17 ¥2 ¥474 ¥475 
TABLE 3.—DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017—COMPARISON OF CURRENT STATUS WITH APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE 302(A) AL LOCATION AND APPROPRIATIONS SUBCOMMITTEE 302(B) SUB ALLOCATIONS AS OF SEPTEMBER 5, 2017 
[Figures in Millions]1 Allocations 302(b) for GWOT Current Status General Purpose
1 Current Status GWOT General Purpose less 302(b) GWOT less 302(b) BA OT BA OT BA OT BA OT BA OT BA OT 
Agriculture, Rural Development, FDA ................................ n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 20,877 21,481 0 0 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Commerce, Justice, Science ............................................... n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 56,555 64,369 0 0 n.a. n.a. n.a. n .a. Defense .............................................................................. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 516,115 525,224 82,349  39,410 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Energy and Water Development ......................................... n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 37,771 37,697 0 0 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Financial Services and General Government ..................... n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 21,515 23,419 0 0 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Homeland Security ............................................................. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 49,121 47,926 163 126 n.a. n. a. n.a. n.a. Interior, Environment ......................................................... n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 32,280 32,918 0 0 n.a. n.a. n .a. n.a. Labor, Health and Human Services, Education ................ n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 162,985 171,163 0 0 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Legislative Branch ............................................................. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 4,440 4,359 0 0 n.a. n.a. n. a. n.a. Military Construction and Veterans Affairs ....................... n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 82,376 82,934 420 1 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. State, Foreign Operations .................................................. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 36,586 45,662 20,785 6,295 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Transportation, Housing & Urban Development ................ n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 59,067 120,279 0 0 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Full Committee Allowance ................................................. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a.  n.a. 
Total .......................................................................... 1,079,688 1,173,871 103,717 45,832 1,079,688 1,1 77,431 103,717 45,832 0 +3,560 0 0 
Comparison of Total Appropriations and 302(a) allocation General Purpose GWOT BA OT BA OT 
302(a) Allocation .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 1,079,688 1,173,871 103,717 45,832 Total Appropriations ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 1,079,688 1,177,431 103,717 45,832 
Total Appropriations vs 302(a) Allocation ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 0 +3,560 0 0 
Memorandum Amounts Assumed in 302(b) Emergency Requirements Disaster Funding Program Integrity Spending in Excess of Base Budget Control Act Caps for Sec. 251(b) Designated Categories BA OT BA OT BA OT BA OT 
Agriculture, Rural Development, FDA ............................................................................................ ........................................ n.a. n.a. 206 67 0 0 0 0 Commerce, Justice, Science ..................................................................................................... ............................................. n.a. n.a. 184 48 0 0 0 0 Defense ........................................................................................................................ .......................................................... n.a. n.a. 0 0 0 0 0 0 Energy and Water Development ................................................................................................... ......................................... n.a. n.a. 1,026 186 0 0 0 0 Financial Services and General Government ...................................................................................... .................................. n.a. n.a. 0 0 0 0 0 0 Homeland Security .............................................................................................................. ................................................... n.a. n.a. 0 3 6,713 336 0 0 Interior, Environment .......................................................................................................... ................................................... n.a. n.a. 407 407 0 0 0 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education .................................................................................... ................................ n.a. n.a. 0 256 0 0 1,960 1,635 Legislative Branch ............................................................................................................. .................................................... n.a. n.a. 0 0 0 0 0 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs ..................................................................................... ..................................... n.a. n.a. 0 0 0 0 0 0 State, Foreign Operations ...................................................................................................... ................................................ n.a. n.a. 0 54 0 0 0 0 Transportation, Housing & Urban Development .................................................................................... ............................... n.a. n.a. 2,325 267 1,416 35 0 0 
Totals ......................................................................................................................... ................................................... 10,089 2,006 4,148 1,288 8,129 371 1,960 1,635 
1Spending designated as emergency is not included in the current status of appropriations shown in this table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.028 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7215 September 8, 2017 
TABLE 4.—CURRENT LEVEL OF FY 2017 CHIMPS SUBJECT TO S. CON. RES. 11, SECTION 3103 LIMITS (IN MIL-LIONS) AS OF SEPTEMBER 5, 2017 
Appropriations Bill Budget Authority 
Agriculture, Rural Development, FDA ............................................ 741 Commerce, Justice, Science ........................................................... 8,452 Defense .......................................................................................... 0 Energy and Water Development ..................................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................................. 826 Homeland Security ......................................................................... 187 Interior, Environment ..................................................................... 28 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education ............................ 8,179 Legislative Branch ......................................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs ................................... 0 State, Foreign Operations .............................................................. 0 Transportation, Housing & Urban Development ............................ 857 
Total CHIMP’s Subject to Limit ............................................ 19,270 S. Con. Res 11, Section 3103 Limit for FY 2017 ................ 19,100 Total CHIMP’s vs. Limit ........................................................ 170 
CURRENT LEVEL OF FY 2017 CRIME VICTIMS FUND CHIMP SUBJECT TO S. CON. RES. 11, SECTION 3104 LIMIT (IN MILLIONS) AS OF AUGUST 7, 2017 
Budget Authority 
Crime Victims Fund CHIMP ........................................................... 8,150 S. Con. Res. 11, Section 3104 Limit for FY 2016 ........................ 10,800 Total CHIMP’s vs. Limit ................................................................. ¥2,650 TABLE 5.—2018 ADVANCE APPROPRIATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 3(G) OF H. RES. 5 AS OF SEPTEMBER 5, 2017 
[Budget Authority, millions] Veterans Accounts Identified for Advance Appropriations 2018 
Appropriate Level ........................................................................... 66,385 Enacted Advances: Accounts Identified for Advances: Department of Veterans Affairs Veterans Medical Services .................................. 44,887 Veterans Medical Support and Compliance ....... 6,654 Veterans Medical Facilities ................................. 5,435 Veterans Medical Community Care .................... 9,409 Subtotal, enacted advances ................................................. 66,385 Enacted Advances vs. Section 601(d)(1) Limit .................... 0 
Accounts Identified for Advance Appropriations 2018 
Appropriate Level ........................................................................... 28,852 Enacted Advances: Accounts Identified for Advances: Employment and Training Administration ................... 1,772 Education for the Disadvantaged ................................ 10,841 School Improvement ..................................................... 1,681 Special Education ........................................................ 9,283 Career, Technical and Adult Education ....................... 791 Tenant-based Rental Assistance ................................. 4,000 Project-based Rental Assistance ................................. 400 Subtotal, enacted advances
1............................................... 28,768 Enacted Advances vs. Section 601(d)(2) Limit .................... ¥84 
Previously Enacted Advance Appropriations 2018 
Corporation for Public Broadcasting2.................................. 445 Total, enacted advances .............................................. 95,598 U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, September 7, 2017. Hon. D
IANE BLACK , Chairman, Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MADAM CHAIRMAN : The enclosed re-port shows the effects of Congressional ac-tion on the fiscal year 2017 budget and is cur-rent through September 5, 2017. This report is submitted under section 308(b) and in aid of section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amended. The estimates of budget authority, out-lays, and revenues are consistent with the technical and economic assumptions of S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017. This is CBO’s first current level report for fiscal year 2017. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. 
FISCAL YEAR 2017 HOUSE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT THROUGH SEPTEMBER 5, 2017 
[In millions of dollars] Budget authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enactedabc Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ n.a. n.a. 2,682 ,088 Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... .......................................................................................... 2,055,750 1,961,925 n.a. Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 135,554 618,762 n.a. Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................ ¥834,250 ¥834,301 n.a. 
Total, Previously Enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................... 1,357,054 1,746,386 2,682,088 Enacted Legislation
bd National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–10) .......................................... ............................................................. 1 1 0 A joint resolution making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes (P.L. 115–30) ......... ............................................ 2 2 0 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (P.L. 115–31)
bd............................................................................................................................... ............................ 1,960,306 1,513,349 1 VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–46) ..................................................................... ............................................................................ 2,100 0 0 
Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................. 1,962,409 1,513,352 1 Entitlements and Mandatories Budget resolution estimates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .......................................... ........................................................... 7,364 643 0 Total Current Level
d............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................... 3,326,827 3,260,381 2,682,089 Total House Resolution ......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 3,327,983 3,26 7,647 2,682,088 
Current Level Over House Resolution ............................................................................................ ........................................................................................................ n.a. n.a. 1 Current Level Under House Resolution ........................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 1,156 7,266 n.a. Memorandum Revenues, 2017–2026 House Current Level
d............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................... n.a. n.a. 32,351,668 House Resolution
e............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................... n.a. n.a. 32,351,660 
Current Level Over House Resolution ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................... n.a. n.a. 8 Current Level Under House Resolution ........................................................................................... .............................................................................................. n.a. n.a. n.a. 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
aIncludes the budgetary effects of legislation cleared by the Congress during the 114th session, which were enacted prior to the  adoption of S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017. 
bPursuant to section 314(d) of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (Congressional Budget Act), amounts designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Deficit Control Act) shall not count for purposes of Title III and Title IV of the C ongressional Budget Act. The amounts so designated for 2017, which are not included in the current level totals, are as follows: Budget authority Outlays Revenues 
Continuing Appropriations and Military Construction, Veteran Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017, and Zika R esponse and Preparedness Act (P.L. 114–223) ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................... 2,704 791 0 Further Continuing and Security Assistance Appropriations Act, 2017 (P.L. 115–31) .............................................. .......................................................................... 1,444 497 0 
Total, amounts designated as emergency requirements ............................................................................ ........................................................................ 4,148 1,288 0 
cSections 193–195 of P.L. 114–223 (as amended by Division A of P.L. 114–254), provided funding for innovation projects and state  responses to opioid abuse. CBO estimated that for fiscal year 2017, these sections provided a com- bined $872 million in budget authority, which would result in $256 million in outlays. However, consistent with sections 1001–1 004 of P.L. 114–255, for the purposes of estimating the budgetary effects of those provisions under the Con- gressional Budget Act and the Deficit Control Act of 1985, those amounts are estimated to provide no budget authority or outlay s. 
dFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the House, the resolution, as approved by the House of  Representatives, does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include those items. 
ePeriodically, the House Committee on the Budget revises the 2017–2026 revenue totals in S. Con. Res. 3, pursuant to various pro visions of the resolution. Budget authority Outlays Revenues 
Initial House Resolution ....................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 3,308,000 3,2 64,662 2,682,088 Revisions Adjustment for House Amendment to Senate Amendment to H.R. 244 ................................................................. ............................................................ 19,983 2,985 0 
Revised House Resolution ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 3,327,983 3,267, 647 2,682,088 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: H.R. 601. Making continuing appropria-tions for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes. ADJOURNMENT Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 48 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.027 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7216 September 8, 2017 
House adjourned until Monday, Sep-tember 11, 2017, at noon for morning- hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2412. A letter from the Director, Naval Re-actors, transmitting the Executive Summary of the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program’s latest reports on environmental monitoring and radioactive waste disposal, radiation ex-posure, and occupational safety and health; to the Committee on Armed Services. 2413. A letter from the Attorney Advisor and Federal Register Certifying Officer, Bu-reau of the Fiscal Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Federal Government Participa-tion in the Automated Clearing House (RIN: 1510-AA14) received September 6, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 2414. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Ben-efit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Inter-est Assumptions for Paying Benefits received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 2415. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting a Declaration of a Public Health Emergency and Waiver and/or Modification of Certain HIPAA, and Medicare, Medicaid, and Children’s Health Insurance Program Requirements, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 247d(a); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 319(a) (as amended by Public Law 107-188, Sec. 144(a)); (116 Stat. 630) and 42 U.S.C. 1320b-5(d); Public Law 107-188, Sec. 143; (116 Stat. 628); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2416. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting two six- month periodic reports on the national emer-gency with respect to Libya that was de-clared in Executive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 2417. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s no-tice of enforcement of regulation — Safety Zone; PUSH Beaver County/Beaver County Boom, Ohio River, Miles 25.2 to 25.6, Beaver, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0390] received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2418. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lower Mississippi River, Vidalia, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0451] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2419. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone: San Francisco Independence Day Fireworks Dis-play, San Francisco Bay, San Francisco, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0321] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received September 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2420. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report entitled, ‘‘The Medicare Secondary Payer Commercial Repayment Center in Fis-cal Year 2016’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395ddd(h)(8); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XVIII, Sec. 1893(h)(8) (as amended by Public Law 109-432, Sec. 302(a)); (120 Stat. 2992); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. House Resolution 446. Resolution of inquiry requesting the President and direct-ing the Attorney General to transmit, re-spectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the removal of former Federal Bureau of Investigation Di-rector James Comey; with an amendment (Rept. 115–300). Referred to the House Cal-endar. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 931. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters with an amendment (Rept. 115–301). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. F RANKS  of Arizona, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. L
ABRADOR , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. G
OWDY , Mr. M CCAUL, and Mr. W EB-
STER of Florida): H.R. 3711. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to make mandatory and permanent requirements relating to use of an electronic employment eligibility verification system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. P
ALAZZO , and Mr. H ECK): H.R. 3712. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for the establishment and operation of reserve component cyber civil support teams, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Ms. M
ATSUI , and Mr. M CKINLEY ): H.R. 3713. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to support geriatrics edu-cation and training to address the elder care workforce shortage, promote interdiscipli-nary team-based care, educate and engage family caregivers, and improve the quality of care delivered to older adults, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KATKO (for himself and Mr. CUMMINGS ): H.R. 3714. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to redesign $20 Federal reserve notes so as to include a likeness of Harriet Tubman, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 3715. A bill to expedite salvage and re-forestation projects in the Columbia Gorge National Scenic Area and other National Scenic Areas in response to certain cata-strophic events, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California (for herself, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , and Mr. N OLAN ): H.R. 3716. A bill to award grants to States to establish a Seal of Biliteracy program to recognize high-level student proficiency in speaking, reading, and writing in both English and a second language; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 3717. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to simplify income tax compliance for small businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 3718. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to safeguard data stored abroad, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. FOXX (for herself and Mr. W
OODALL ): H.R. 3719. A bill to establish a direct spend-ing safeguard limitation on any direct spend-ing program without a specific level of au-thorized spending, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for himself and Mr. T
HORNBERRY ): H.R. 3720. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent the author-ity of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to transport individuals to and from facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs in connection with rehabilitation, counseling, examination, treatment, and care, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 3721. A bill to amend the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015 with respect to the protec-tion of human rights and labor standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Rules, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NOLAN (for himself and Mr. P
AULSEN ): H.R. 3722. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to provide for the import of donated fire- fighting and rescue and relief equipment and supplies free of duty and other restrictions for purposes of inspection and subsequent do-nation and export of such equipment and supplies to countries and organizations in need, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE7.057 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7217 September 8, 2017 
By Mr. PALAZZO: H.R. 3723. A bill to extend the National Flood Insurance Program; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. H ECK, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. T HOMPSON  of California, Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. M OULTON , and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 3724. A bill to minimize the economic and social costs resulting from losses of life, property, well-being, business activity, and economic growth associated with extreme weather events by ensuring that the United States is more resilient to the impacts of ex-treme weather events in the short- and long- term, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself and Mr. B
URGESS ): H.R. 3725. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the individual health insurance mandate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. FUDGE (for herself, Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. K
IND, and Mr. R EICHERT ): H. Res. 511. A resolution expressing support for designation of September as ‘‘National Childhood Obesity Awareness Month‘‘; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WELCH: H. Res. 512. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to re-instate the ‘‘Gephardt rule’’; to the Com-mittee on Rules. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
112. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Resolution No. 252, urging the United States Senate not to pass H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act of 2017; which was referred jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H.R. 3711. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution enumerating congres-sional authority ‘‘[t]o establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization.’’ By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 3712. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 3713. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 3714. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 5 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 3715. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 3716. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 3717. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 3718. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers . . .’’ By Ms. FOXX: H.R. 3719. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 grants Con-gress the power to ‘‘pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ Article 1, Sec-tion 8, Clause 18 grants Congress the power to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers.’’ As this legislation con-cerns oversight of federal spending on pro-grams authorized by Congress, it is an appro-priate use of the authority granted to Con-gress by the above clauses of the Constitu-tion. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: H.R. 3720. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: As described in Article 1, Section 1, ‘‘all legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in the Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and a House of Representatives.’’ By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 3721. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 3722. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. PALAZZO: H.R. 3723. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 3724. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 3725. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 12: Ms. G ABBARD . H.R. 36: Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. S MUCKER , and Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 44: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi and Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 113: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 168: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 365: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 392: Mr. B
ARTON , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. B
OST. H.R. 399: Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 434: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 490: Mr. W
OODALL . H.R. 502: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. C LEAVER . H.R. 514: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 535: Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 548: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 619: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 620: Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. B
ACON , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. H UN-
TER, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. W ALK-
ER, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. N UNES , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. L AMBORN , Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, and Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 747: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 750: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 754: Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. M CCAUL, and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 778: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 785: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah and Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 812: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 823: Mr. E
VANS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 844: Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 1173: Mr. T
ONKO and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 1281: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey and Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 1284: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 1316: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 1317: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1409: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. D
ELANEY , and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 1555: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 1676: Mr. V
ALADAO and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1731: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1750: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 1796: Mr. T
IPTON and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 1810: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 1931: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1932: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1953: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 1976: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 2015: Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. L EE, Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M AXINE  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08SE7.100 H08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7218 September 8, 2017 
WATERS of California, Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali- fornia, and Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 2073: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 2121: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 2123: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2155: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 2285: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 2319: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. H ILL, Mr. T IP-
TON, and Mrs. W AGNER . H.R. 2472: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2482: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 2519: Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. C ALVERT , and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2589: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 2740: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 2756: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 2840: Ms. B
ORDALLO and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 2906: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 2972: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2973: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. B ASS, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. M ARINO , Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 2996: Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, and Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 3035: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3076: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 3117: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 3192: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 3222: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 3271: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 3272: Mr. E
VANS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. R OUZER , and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 3302: Mr. LANGEVIN and Mr. S ABLAN . H.R. 3380: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 3440: Mr. H
IMES, Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. C LAY, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. F RANKEL of Flor- ida, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. L AWSON of Flor- ida, Mr. R
USH, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. B ASS, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. C UELLAR , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. B EYER , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. V EASEY , Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L EWIS of Geor- gia, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. M OORE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 3495: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 3513: Mr. R
OSS, Mr. S OTO, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 3548: Mr. W
ITTMAN and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 3640: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 3641: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. V ALADAO , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 3679: Mr. C
ROWLEY and Mr. E VANS . H. Con. Res. 59: Ms. STEFANIK . H. Con. Res. 60: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H. Res. 129: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. T
ROTT . H. Res. 220: Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H. Res. 257: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H. Res. 276: Ms. N
ORTON . H. Res. 428: Mr. M
AST. H. Res. 496: Ms. H
ANABUSA . f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS Under clause 2 of rule XV, the fol-lowing discharge petition was filed: 
Petition 4, September 5, 2017, by Mr. COFF-MAN on the bill H.R. 496, was signed by the following Members: Mr. Coffman, Mr. Polis, Mr. Smith of Washington, and Mr. Rush. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge peti-tion: 
Petition 3 by Mr. GARRETT on House Res-olution 458: Mr. Jody B. Hice of Georgia, Mr. Amash, Mr. Labrador, Mr. Duncan of South Carolina, Mr. Massie, Mr. Gosar, Mr. Olson, Mr. Yoho, Mr. Messer, Mr. DesJarlais, Mr. Biggs, Mr. Davidson, Mr. Renacci, Mr. Nor-man, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Brat, and Mr. Mead-ows. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:30 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE7.030 H08SEPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1185 September 8, 2017 
RECOGNIZING DEBBIE BYLER FOR RECEIVING THE PATIENT ADVO-CATE AWARD FROM THE HEALTHSOUTH REHABILITATION HOSPITAL OF ALTOONA 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Debbie Byler of Martinsburg, PA, winner of the Patient Advocate Award from the HealthSouth Rehabilitation Hospital of Altoona. Debbie is cofounder and coordinator of John’s Way Medical Equipment Ministry, a faith-based outreach program of Clover Creek Church of the Brethren. John’s Way provides wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds and other medical equipment to individuals who do not have the necessary funds or medical insur-ance. Debbie has been instrumental in the growth of John’s Way which donated 16 pieces of equipment in its first year in 2009. Last year, the program made available more than 4,200 items to those in need. She oversees 40 vol-unteers who take requests, clean and repair equipment, pick up donations and deliver items to clients. Debbie and her work at John’s Way have had a significant, positive impact on the local community. Given her admirable actions in support of individuals and families facing hard-ship, Debbie is unquestionably deserving of this recognition. As such, it is my honor to help celebrate her having received this award. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LUCIANO ‘LUCKY’ VARELA 
HON. BEN RAY LUJA´N 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life and legacy of a true public servant and a dear friend from my home state of New Mexico. I have been fortunate in my life to have had the example, the mentorship and the friend-ship of some truly extraordinary individuals. I was deeply saddened to learn that one of those extraordinary individuals, former State Representative Luciano ‘Lucky’ Varela, is no longer with us. Lucky was a political giant in New Mexico, a true public servant who was loved and re-spected by all who knew him. Representative Varela was seen by many as the conscience of the New Mexico Legislature—caring, knowl-edgeable, and always ready to lend a hand to anyone in need. During his 30 years of dedi-cated service, he became one of New Mexi-co’s most profound political leaders, and one of our state’s best representatives for working families. Lucky represented a Santa Fe-area House seat in the Roundhouse from 1987 through 2016, where he served as chairman of the in-fluential Finance Committee, among other im-portant committee posts. When it came to state finances and fiscal matters, Lucky’s com-mand of the subject was encyclopedic. One of his colleagues once said that Lucky had prob-ably forgotten more about state finances than the experts that appeared before his com-mittee ever knew. Truer words were never spoken. Over the course of his long and mem-orable career, Varela was a champion for fair wages and reasonable pay increase for state employees, and protecting those who served our state by working in state government. When Lucky saw a problem, he acted to cor-rect it. His leadership and compassion shined throughout his life. He inspired those who got to know him and many who never met him. His life and his service have left an indelible imprint on the thousands of New Mexicans he helped while in office, but even more impor-tantly, Lucky Varela’s legacy will live on through the many people he mentored and re-lationships he fostered. Before I close, I want to share some of the remembrances from those who knew him and worked with him. Senator TOMUDALL said Lucky ‘‘represented the people of Santa Fe with honor, integrity and heart. He will be remembered for his hon-esty about the need to address our challenges in order to move our state forward, and espe-cially for his deep knowledge of the state budget and its impact on everyone in New Mexico. ‘‘Lucky truly made New Mexico a better place. He understood the numbers; just as im-portantly, he understood the people behind those numbers—their struggles, hopes and dreams. He gave selflessly to the people of Santa Fe and the entire state of New Mexico, and we are better for his leadership. We will miss him dearly.’’ Former Governor Bill Richardson called Lucky ‘‘a master legislator whose expertise on the budget and finances was unparalleled. He was also a gentle soul who cared deeply about his Santa Fe constituents and his won-derful family.’’ Regarding Lucky, Attorney General Hector Balderas said he was ‘‘grateful and honored to have had the opportunity to serve under his leadership in the New Mexico House of Rep-resentatives. He was a strong voice for New Mexico’s children, families and state employ-ees.’’ New Mexico House Speaker Brian Egolf called Lucky ‘‘a stalwart advocate for working people, for using our resources wisely, and for the people of Santa Fe. Lucky was beloved in Santa Fe for many reasons, not the least of which was that he knew more about the state’s budget than most of us ever will. He never shied away from asking tough questions and giving selflessly of his time and energy to make New Mexico a better state.’’ We will miss Lucky, but we will never forget him. RECOGNIZING NORTHWEST INDIANA’S NEW CITIZENS HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who will take their oaths of citizenship on Friday, Sep-tember 15, 2017. This memorable occasion, presided over by Judge Philip P. Simon, will be held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On September 15, 2017, the following peo-ple, representing many nations throughout the world, will take their oaths of citizenship in Hammond, Indiana: Dominic Kwadwo Manu, Anas Hashem Mohammad Salameh, Mikhail Gennadiyevich Kapustin, Beata Joanna Nabrzyska, Jaroslaw Nabrzyski, Radoslaw Jan Nabrzyski, Daniel Joseph Perfilio Smith, Ramiro Malagon Ramirez, Ma Marina Diaz de Malagon, Martha Alicia Vargas Somosa, Raymundo Ibis Quintas Garcia, Sheri Ahmady, Monica Diaz Nevarez, Susana Jasna Diurych Diaz, Lola Li Fuller, Luz Maria Hernandez, Hana Kang, Biljana Loskoski, Leticia Noguez, Jose Angel Recio, Juan Carlos Rodriguez, An-dres Saragoza, Farhat Naheed Shiekh, Swetha Vinjimoor, and Anna Sijie Xiong. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . .of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who will be-come citizens of the United States of America on September 15, 2017. They, too, will be American citizens, guaranteed the inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08SE8.006 E08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1186 September 8, 2017 
TRIBUTE TO BRAD PIERCE 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my appreciation to Brad Pierce, Au-rora City Council Member At Large, for his many years of extraordinary work and dedica-tion to the City of Aurora. Council Member Pierce’s dedication to the City of Aurora and his leadership and vision has, amongst other accomplishments, contributed to the city’s des-ignation as the Safest Large City in America. As an Aurora City Council Member, Brad Pierce has consistently and effectively guided city policy towards increased quality of life and growth. He continually provided the City of Au-rora with guidance and leadership in his roles as the Chair of the Management and Finance Policy Committee and as the Vice-Chair of the Water Policy Committee. Council Member Pierce has dedicated his time in elected office to making our community and the State of Colorado a better place for its residents. He serves as the President of the National Organization to Insure a Sound-Con-trolled Environment (N.O.I.S.E) and represents the State of Colorado and the City of Aurora as a member of National League of Cities En-ergy, Environment and Natural Resources Steering Committee. In addition to making the City of Aurora a better place to live, I would also like to recog-nize Brad Pierce’s work as the Former Presi-dent and current Board Member for the Com-munity College of Aurora Foundation. Without a doubt, Councilmember Pierce has enhanced the quality of life for every citizen in the City of Aurora throughout his tenure as an Aurora City Council Member and resident of our great city. Mr. Speaker, Brad Pierce represents the very best the State of Colorado and our nation has to offer. I offer my sincere appreciation for his unyielding dedication to public service and I wish him the very best of luck as he leaves the Aurora City Council and moves on to fu-ture endeavors. 
f 
HONORING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE FLORENCE DOUG-LAS CENTER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Florence Douglas Center in Vallejo, California, upon the occa-sion of its 40th Anniversary serving seniors in our community. In 1975, Mayor Florence Douglas of Vallejo appointed the late Lou Burgelin, a retired chief progressman at the Mare Island Naval Ship-yard and a tireless advocate for seniors, to form a committee to study and organize the best way to open a senior facility. Lou envi-sioned a place where local seniors could con-tinue to improve themselves after retirement. Mayor Douglas and the committee secured funds to build a new facility on a vacant parcel on Amador Street where the Center stands today. The Florence Douglas Center officially opened in August 1977. Over the years, the Center established many traditions and helpful programs. Along with social events, bingo twice a week and on-going bus trips to casinos, the Center offers many opportunities for seniors to learn. There are several course options, including Zumba instruction and French and Spanish lessons. Technology has changed quite a bit since 1977, and the Center has kept up to date by building their own lab to host computer class-es. The Center hosts many annual events in-cluding an International Gala, the Fall FUNraiser, and a popular Luau. The Health and Technology Fair is a one-stop shop for seniors to gather information from multiple healthcare providers. On every Christmas Day since 1984 the Center has hosted hundreds of seniors for a delicious Holiday Dinner. The Dinner gives seniors who otherwise would not have a meal the opportunity to be served by their friends from the Center. In 2009, the Center named this tradition ‘‘The Free Lou Burgelin Holiday Dinner,’’ a fitting tribute for a place where seniors gather to serve seniors. Mr. Speaker, for the past forty years the Florence Douglas Center has been a place where the seniors in our community can gath-er to take classes, make friends and have meals. The U.S. Census Bureau expects the population of seniors to double between 2012 and 2050. The Center will be an important part or our community’s effort to improve the lives of our seniors for the next forty years and beyond. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor the Center here today. f 
RECOGNIZING SHELLY KERCHNER FOR RECEIVING A PERSONAL ACHIEVEMENT AWARD FROM THE HEALTHSOUTH REHABILITA-TION HOSPITAL OF ALTOONA 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Shelly Kerchner, one of the winners of the 24th annual Personal Achievement Award from the HealthSouth Rehabilitation Hospital of Altoona. This award is given to en-courage and recognize those who have made an outstanding effort to deal with or overcome a disability. This year, Shelly has earned that distinction. Shelly’s life changed eleven years ago in 2006 with she fell down a flight of stairs, suf-fering a devastating spinal cord injury. She was only able to move her eyes and had weak movement in both of her hands. Shelly’s med-ical prognosis was bleak, indicating she would never walk again or use her hands. Yet, through perseverance, hard work and dedica-tion she proved that grim forecast wrong. Today, Shelly is now walking with braces and a rolling walker and is independent with her everyday tasks. She cooks, cleans, drives, practices yoga and is an author. She is said to be an inspiration to many people through her Internet blog and her published book— Standing Tall: The Healing Power of Gratitude. I am humbled to recognize the truly impres-sive recovery Shelly has made. Her strength and positivity in the face of such adversity is remarkable. As such, it is my pleasure to wish Shelly the best as she continues to reclaim her health and life. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 70TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE OPTIMIST CLUB OF GREEN BAY 
HON. MIKE GALLAGHER 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 70th Anniversary of the Opti-mist Club of Green Bay. Since its founding in 1947, this community service organization has made a profound impact across the Greater Green Bay Area by bringing many activities, improvements, and educational opportunities to the youth of Green Bay. The Optimist Club of Green Bay has been a sponsor of youth baseball and softball, in addition to being a strong advocate of the ‘‘Just Say No’’ anti-drug campaign and the ‘‘Winners Wear Helmets’’ bicycle initiative. The Optimist Club of Green Bay also hosts an an-nual oratorical contest for high school students designed to encourage them to gain experi-ence in public speaking as a means of pro-viding information to others. The two winners from each year’s contest are generously awarded with a college scholarship. Mr. Speaker, I urge all members of this body to join me in applauding the Optimist Club of Green Bay and the 2,500 other local optimist clubs across world for their commit-ment to brightening the future of the youth in their respective communities. 
f 
HONORING J. MICHAEL ANDERSON UPON RECEIPT OF THE 2017 ZUNIC AWARD 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize J. Michael Anderson, the 2017 re-cipient of the Zunic Award as presented by the Syracuse Football Club. The Syracuse Football Club is a group of former Syracuse Orange football players fo-cused on making a difference in the Central New York community. The Zunic Award was created to honor Mike and Judy Zunic, who died tragically in a United Airlines plane crash in Sioux City, Iowa on July 18, 1989. The pilot, anticipating landing difficulties, requested vol-unteers to give up their seats and sit at the exit doors to assist passengers in the event of an emergency. Mike and Judy gave up their seats in first class to sit at one of the doors. They both died in the crash and those in the Zunics’ original seats survived. The Zunic Award honors those, like Mike and Judy, who have acted selflessly for the good of others. This year’s Zunic Award recipient, J. Mi-chael Anderson, is a former Orange offensive lineman, and has tragically lost two of his three sons—Jimmy and Eric—to the opioid epidemic devastating our community and our nation. Despite this extraordinary loss, Mike 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.001 E08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1187 September 8, 2017 
has channeled his own tragedy into advocacy and volunteerism. He and his wife, Flo, have focused on making a difference in the Central New York community and assisting others who have experienced similar tragedy. Anderson served as a youth basketball coach for more than two decades at Immacu-late Heart of Mary in Liverpool, and coached baseball in the Salt City Little League for 10 years. In addition, the Andersons are frequent holiday volunteers at the Syracuse Rescue Mission, serving meals to those less fortunate, and are active participants in the Liverpool Central School District ‘‘Dollars for Scholars’’ program where they have established a schol-arship in their son Jimmy’s name. Anderson spends part of each day visiting online grief sites offering assistance to those who are struggling with tragedy. For his tremendous efforts to make a dif-ference in ending this scourge and to make our community a better place, I am proud to join the Syracuse Football Club in honoring J. Michael Anderson. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ANTHONY BATTISTA 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Anthony Battista, a man who pos-sesses the qualities that are present in the very best personnel in our national govern-ment in full measure. Tony was the research and development director of the House Armed Services Committee for many years. His engi-neering background and ability to ignore polit-ical pressure brought him down on the right side of many important decisions that ushered in dominant U.S. military technology during the 1980s and 1990s. To succeed, our country needs stand-up, in-telligent, honest brokers in key decision mak-ing positions. Tony Battista was all that in his service to the House of Representatives and America. I extend my heartfelt gratitude for his honesty, brilliance, and unfailingly dedication to Americans in uniform. I ask my fellow col-leagues to join me in recognizing Tony’s serv-ice to our government, our military, and our nation. 
f 
CONGRATULATING AMBASSADOR DANIEL MULHALL 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, a deep, unbreakable bond unites the United States and Ireland. We are linked through many sectors—historical, cultural, so-cial, sporting, business and political. I would like to congratulate Ambassador Daniel Mulhall as he presents his diplomatic credentials to President Donald Trump. Am-bassador Mulhall will be Ireland’s 18th Ambas-sador to the United States. As a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and a Member of Congress with an Irish born parent, I look forward to working with closely Ambas-sador Mulhall on the U.S.—Ireland relation-ship. After joining Ireland’s Department of Foreign Affairs in 1978, Ambassador Mulhall has gained extensive experience working in New Delhi, Vienna, Brussels, Edinburgh, Malaysia, Laos, Thailand, Vietnam, Germany and then London. During his diplomatic career, Ambas-sador Mulhall has also held a number of posi-tions at the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, including as Director-General for Euro-pean Affairs. He also served as a member of the Secretariat of the Forum for Peace and Reconciliation which was set up in 1994 in order to promote political dialogue between different political traditions in Ireland. From 1994 to 1998, he was the Department’s Press Counsellor and in that capacity was part of the Irish Government’s delegation at the time of the Good Friday Agreement 1998. f 
HONORING JEFF ROSSER UPON HIS RETIREMENT FROM RAYCOM MEDIA GROUP 
HON. MARTHA ROBY 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my colleague Congressman M
IKEROGERS  to honor Mr. Jeff Rosser for his exceptional career in broadcast journalism and his almost 50 years in television news. Mr. Rosser was named Vice President of Raycom Media Group in Montgomery, Ala-bama in 1999. He will retire this September after serving 18 years in this distinguished role. Mr. Rosser received his Bachelor of Arts in broadcast journalist from Brigham Young Uni-versity and went on to work at multiple news outlets across the country in cities including Salt Lake City, Dallas, Tulsa, New York, and Boston. He then served as General Manager at WVTM in Birmingham, KDFW in his home-town of Dallas, and stations in Providence, Ft. Smith, Fayetteville and Oklahoma City. Over the years, Mr. Rosser has been recog-nized as a leader in his field through many honors including serving on the ABC Affiliate Board of Governors, the National Association of Broadcasters Television Board of Directors, and the FOX Affiliate Board of Governors. Mr. Rosser has been an invaluable asset to Raycom Media Group, being credited with helping to achieve numerous shared services agreements in Raycom markets and now overseeing ten Raycom television stations. He is highly respected among his peers and his talents will not be easily replaced. Television news stations provide a great service to the communities that they reach. A Raycom Media Group affiliate, WSFA in Mont-gomery, provides Central Alabama with up-to- date, relevant news and I am thankful for Mr. Rosser’s role in keeping the people of Ala-bama informed of what matters most to them. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to join Mr. Rosser’s colleagues, family, and friends in congratulating him on his retirement and hon-oring his successful career. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. CONGRATULATING THE FAYETTE COUNTY COMMUNITY ACTION AGENCY FOR 50 YEARS OF SERV-ICE HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Fayette County Community Action Agency for 50 years of service to the communities of Fayette County in western Pennsylvania. The work of this agency has set an example for Community Action Agencies nationwide causing FCCAA to be recognized on numer-ous occasions for its community and economic work, as well as the quality of services which its employees provide. In addition to recogni-tions by the United States Department of Agri-culture and the AARP foundation, just last year the Pennsylvania Housing and Finance Agency recognized FCCAA with its Lender Partnership Award. The agency’s Board of Directors is com-posed of elected officials, business leaders and community representatives, and has built an agency which is an example for other com-munities. Their work touches thousands of people each year by providing services such as emergency food and shelter, housing de-velopment, services for older residents, edu-cation and support for first time mothers, and training and education programs. Fayette County Community Action Agency is fulfilling their mission of helping people and changing lives, and I am proud to have such a fine agency in my district. Fayette County is lucky to have an agency so committed to improving the livelihood of its citizens, and I am thankful for their dedication to this community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE JO ANN EMERSON CON-GRESSIONAL PAPERS TO THE KENT LIBRARY SPECIAL COL-LECTIONS AND ARCHIVES AT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI STATE UNIVERSITY 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the formal contribution of the Jo Ann Emerson Congressional Papers to the Kent Library Special Collections and Ar-chives at Southeast Missouri State University. Today, we celebrate and congratulate our dis-trict’s matriarch, Congresswoman Jo Ann Emerson. During Jo Ann’s sixteen year tenure in the United States House of Representa-tives, she was a champion for the people of not only Southern Missouri, but the entire state. She fiercely defended the conservative values shared by the citizens of southeast and south central Missouri while also knowing how to reach across the aisle to pass legislation to the benefit of those she represented. The Jo Ann Emerson Congressional Papers contain more than one-hundred boxes of doc-uments that follow Emerson’s time in Con-gress. The collection includes official press re-leases, documents from committee hearings, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08SE8.005 E08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1188 September 8, 2017 
personal correspondence, speeches, certifi-cates, and over eleven-thousand photographs. Emerson was the first Republican woman to represent the state of Missouri in the U.S. House of Representatives. She was reelected eight times, representing Missouri’s Eighth Congressional District from 1996 to 2013. Dur-ing Emerson’s time in office, she successfully promoted economic development, secured federal dollars for rural improvements, healthcare, and agriculture, while building the framework for a brighter future for our region. I want to express my gratitude to Southeast Missouri State University for dedicating the Jo Ann Emerson Congressional Papers to the Special Collections and Archives in the Kent Library, and to Jo Ann Emerson and her fam-ily for contributing her photo collection and Congressional Papers. Finally, I want to share a deep and heartfelt thank you to Jo Ann not only for her service and influence on the Eighth District of Missouri, but also for being someone who I looked up to and whose leg-acy I strive to honor every day. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SHEILA BAKER 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Sheila Earline Baker, a gen-erous and warm member of the Fort Worth community who passed away on Monday, Au-gust 28, 2017, following a courageous battle with breast cancer. Sheila was born on August 30, 1950 to her parents Herbert and Ruth Baker, and was the third of five Baker Girls. A longtime resident of Fort Worth, Sheila graduated from I.M. Terrell High School where her energy and spirit shined as a cheerleader for her school. Fol-lowing her graduation from I.M. Terrell High School, Sheila attended Huston-Tillotson Col-lege in Austin, Texas. Sheila lived in Los Angeles for 20 years where she worked for Blue Cross Blue Shield before moving up in responsibility from an ad-ministrative assistant to a supervisor and train-er. She never met a stranger she didn’t in-stantly connect with and had countless friends around the local DFW area. Sheila was committed to serving her com-munity. She was an active member of the Baker Chapel AME, serving as a class leader, greeter, usher, missionary and part of the Membership and Evangelism and Social Ac-tion Commissions. Sheila’s passion for pho-tography assisted her as she took on the role of resident photographer for Baker Chapel and consistently chronicled church activities and programs. In addition, Sheila worked on the Commission for Social Action in Fort Worth and served on the board of Tarrant Churches Together, assisting with the MLK Day of Serv-ice. She was actively involved with the Ste-phen Stallworth Scholarship Foundation, an avid supporter of the Susan G Komen Breast Cancer Foundation, and worked fiercely in support of the homeless, school children, and breast cancer survivors. Most importantly, Sheila was her family’s historian and her daughter, Ashley Hayes’, biggest cheerleader and supporter. Sheila’s spirit of service is greatly reflected upon Ash-ley, who proudly serves as the Legislative Di-rector in my Washington, D.C. office. Mr. Speaker and colleagues, please join me in honor and remembrance of Sheila Earline Baker, whose warm and generous heart touched many lives. I offer my condolences and deepest sympathy to those who loved her: mother, Ruth Munchus Baker; sisters, Ruth ‘‘Cookie’’ Baker; nieces and nephews, Eric (Linda), Ronald, Lisa (Sean), Misty (Carl), Keosha, Monique (Lemond) and Michelle (Jonathan); Godson, Andre’ C. Dennis; dear friend, Cynthia Hicks Brown; several genera-tions of other nephews and nieces; other fam-ily members and many friends. Among those are her beloved daughter, Ashley Hayes and her husband Michael. I honor Sheila Earline Baker, a spirited member of the Fort Worth and Texas commu-nity. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SAC-RAMENTO BEE’S 160TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Sacramento Bee as it cele-brates its 160th anniversary. As the commu-nity, supporters, and Bee staff members gath-er today, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring them and their long history of service to the Sacramento region and beyond. On February 3, 1857, the Sacramento Bee released its first issue, proclaiming that ‘‘the object of the Sacramento Bee is not only inde-pendence, but permanence.’’ It is that perma-nence that we come together to honor today. For five generations, the McClatchy and Malo-ney families have strived to provide the great-er Sacramento area with quality news rooted in independent, honest journalism. The Bee is not only a family institution, but a staple of our Sacramento community as well. The Bee has been awarded six Pulitzer Prizes and continues to produce a quality newspaper that serves the needs of its com-munity. As the longest running newspaper in Sacramento’s history, the Bee consistently ex-emplifies its core values of integrity and inde-pendence. Its dedication to transparency and ethical journalism has garnered the Bee im-mense praise and countless industry awards for its superior journalism, setting the standard for the 29 other McClatchy Company news-papers located across the country. Mr. Speaker, as the Sacramento Bee cele-brates 160 years of service to the Sacramento region, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring the paper and its employees for their dedication to journalism and to our community. HONORING ANNUAL APPRECIATION BANQUET AT SRI VENKATES- WARA SWAMI (BALAJI) TEMPLE ON SEPTEMBER 9TH HON. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I honor Sri Venkateswara Swami (Balaji) Temple’s significant, enduring contributions to our community, state, and country. The Sri Venkateswara Swami (Balaji) tem-ple has opened its doors to devotees for more than 30 years. Its mission is to promote the highest values of Hindu culture, philosophy, religion, spirituality, and tradition in the United States with benevolence, compassion, and tol-erance. It holds a prestigious reputation as one of the most beautiful and authentic Hindu temples outside of India. Each year the annual Appreciation Banquet is held to honor all who worship and partici-pate in the Temple’s social and cultural gath-erings. The Banquet also serves as an oppor-tunity to show Hindu traditions to our children, and to promote getting youth further involved in temple activities. Every time I visit the beautiful Sri Venkateswara Swami (Balaji) temple in Au-rora, Illinois, I am inspired by the congrega-tion’s devotion and its commitment to making our community stronger. Hinduism is a religion that prides itself on pluralism, inclusion, toler-ance, non-violence, and the embrace of diver-sity. These are not only the values of the temple; they are also our shared American values. When people try to divide Americans or sepa-rate us, we need to remember that all of us belong together and that diversity and inclu-sion make us stronger as a country. I honor the Sri Venkateswara Swami (Balaji) temple’s annual appreciation banquet in Au-rora, Illinois on September 9th. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SESQUICENTEN-NIAL ANNIVERSARY OF KESLER TEMPLE AFRICAN METHODIST EPISCOPAL ZION CHURCH 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Kesler Temple African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church, located in my congres-sional district in the City of Henderson, North Carolina, as the Church and its faithful con-gregation celebrate its 150th Anniversary. Kesler Temple has been a beacon of light in the Vance County community and has posi-tively impacted generations of families in east-ern North Carolina. What would eventually become Kesler Tem-ple African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church was founded in 1867 when members of the African Methodist Episcopal Zion faith estab-lished a new church. Its first pastor was Rev-erend A. F. Goslen. In 1872, Reverend A. G. Kesler was assigned to the Granville County Circuit by the legendary Bishop James Walker 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08SE8.016 E08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1189 September 8, 2017 
Hood who established the AME Zion Church in North Carolina. The Church was formally named in honor of Reverend Kesler five years later. Presiding Bishops of the African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church have appointed fifty pastors in the Church’s 150 year history in-cluding the current presiding pastor and my college friend, Reverend Dr. James C. White. Under the leadership of Reverend Dr. James C. White, Kesler Temple African Meth-odist Episcopal Zion Church continues to grow in size and strength. His strong faith in God and preparedness for the ministry, has earned him a stellar reputation among Christian be-lievers throughout our great state. Mr. Speaker, by the grace of God, Kesler Temple African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church has been blessed for 150 long years as it has witnessed for Christ each and every day. The Church’s faithfulness and scripture- based ministry will ensure that Kesler Temple continues to thrive for generations to come. On behalf of the United States House of Representatives and the people of the First Congressional District of North Carolina, I ex-tend to the Pastor and members of Kesler Temple African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church my best wishes on this auspicious oc-casion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KIM EMES FOR RE-CEIVING A PERSONAL ACHIEVE-MENT AWARD FROM THE HEALTHSOUTH REHABILITATION HOSPITAL OF ALTOONA 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kim Emes, one of the winners of the 24th annual Personal Achievement Award from the HealthSouth Rehabilitation Hospital of Altoona. This award is given to encourage and recognize those who have made an out-standing effort to deal with or overcome a dis-ability. This year, Kim has earned that distinc-tion. Kim was diagnosed in January 2017 with Guillain-Barre Syndrome, a rare disorder in which your body’s immune system attacks your nerves causing weakness and temporary paralysis throughout the body. Kim was com-pletely dependent as she began rehabilitation therapy with very little functional movement. But she showed determination, hard work and a desire to be challenged during each treat-ment visit and continued to make excellent progress. By discharge, Kim had totally re-gained her strength, balance and mobility, and was able to walk without braces or a rolling walker. I am honored to help celebrate Kim’s im-pressive efforts and recovery, as I believe her dedicated and positive attitude is something many of us can learn from as we attempt to overcome the hardships in our lives. Further-more, I am happy to recognize Kim for her perseverance, and I wish her the best as she returns to a life of full health. CONGRATULATIONS TO MARK TWAIN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AND MS. LAUREL ROSENTHAL HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Mark Twain Elementary School in Carthage, Missouri, on its 100th Anniversary as well as its principal, Ms. Laurel Rosenthal, on 50 years of service. On September 17, 2017, Mark Twain Ele-mentary School will celebrate a major mile-stone in its history, that of 100 years of edu-cating many generations of Missourians. Today this school educates more than 300 students from kindergarten until the fourth grade. This school was the pilot school for the Vision Program, which helps young students with their reading. Ms. Rosenthal started at Mark Twain in 1967 and has remained in the same building throughout her career. Over the years, Ms. Rosenthal turned down many offers from dif-ferent school districts, demonstrating her loy-alty and dedication to serving the kids of Mark Twain Elementary School. Her leadership through the years has provided generations of young children in Carthage with a quality edu-cation. On behalf of Missouri’s 7th Congressional District, I ask my colleagues to congratulate Ms. Rosenthal on her years of service, and Mark Twain Elementary School on 100 years of educating the young minds of southwest Missouri. 
f 
HONORING JUDGE GREGORY G. MALLON 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Judge Gregory G. Mallon of Delaware County, Pennsylvania. Judge Mallon has hon-orably served Delaware County since 1982 as both a Magisterial District Judge and Judge of the Court of Common Pleas. After completing law school, Judge Mallon began his distinguished career in public serv-ice as a district judge for Rutledge and Eddystone in Delaware County. In 2008, he was appointed to Judgeship in the Court of Common Pleas Criminal Division. Many of his most notable cases came during his time on this bench. His decisions show a clear respect for due process and an unbiased judiciary. I commend Judge Gregory G. Mallon for honorably serving our community with his pas-sion for justice. He has earned the respect of both his colleagues and the public he served. I wish him well in retirement. SAFELY ENSURING LIVES FUTURE DEPLOYMENT AND RESEARCH IN VEHICLE EVOLUTION ACT SPEECH OF  
HON. RANDY HULTGREN 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I commend the sponsors of this legislation, B
OBLATTA and J
ANSCHAKOWSKY , and the Energy and Com-merce Committee for their work on H.R. 3388, the SAFE DRIVE Act. The development of ‘‘self-driving’’ vehicles has the potential to make a quantum leap in road safety and ac-cess to transportation. The SAFE Drive Act begins the important process of developing the regulatory framework for this new tech-nology. As Congress continues its work in this area, it is important that we make sure that the new regulatory landscape works well for all stakeholders. Accordingly, I would like to highlight some issues that we need to con-tinue to be mindful of because of their impact on insurers. Clearly, for automated driving technology to fully develop, insurers are an important component for managing the associ-ated risks. Highly automated vehicles hold great prom-ise for reducing the number of deaths and ac-cidents on our nation’s roads as well as pro-viding increased mobility for those who are not able to drive due to age or disability. This tran-sition to ‘‘self-driving’’ vehicles will take place over many years during which these vehicles will interact, and sometimes collide with, vehi-cles driven by humans. Our legal system has a vast amount of experience apportioning li-ability after auto accidents, but that task could be made more difficult if access to data (in-cluding photos or video) generated by auto-mated vehicles involved in accidents is re-stricted. As such, vehicle owners should have pri-mary control over vehicle data from highly automated vehicles. Automated vehicle data must be made available to the parties in-volved, their insurers and authorized rep-resentatives on reasonable terms. State and federal governments should not set limits on access to vehicle data by law or regulation that could delay compensation to accident vic-tims and increase automobile insurance costs, nor should vehicle manufacturers be permitted to limit access. to vehicle data. For any vehicle, safety issues are para-mount. While automated vehicle technology has the potential to greatly reduce crashes, it is unlikely to eliminate them entirely. There-fore, maintaining existing standards for vehicle crash protection for automated vehicles is es-sential. Granting of exceptions should only be considered through an evidence based ap-proach and should not be rushed—automated driving capabilities do not necessarily guar-antee improved safety. Again, I commend my colleagues on the En-ergy and Commerce Committee for their work on this legislation. I look forward to supporting it and to continuing to work towards achieving the objectives I have outlined. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.006 E08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1190 September 8, 2017 
HONOR FLIGHT OF EASTERN OREGON 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the ten World War II veterans from Or-egon who visited their memorial on the Na-tional Mall on Friday, September 8, 2017 through Honor Flight of Eastern Oregon. Every time I have the chance to meet one of these heroes from the ‘‘Greatest Generation,’’ I am reminded of the poignant words of General Dwight D. Eisenhower. In a message to Allied troops just before D–Day, he said, ‘‘The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty loving people everywhere march with you.’’ He was right then, of course, Mr. Speaker. But over seventy years later, liberty loving people everywhere continue to owe these he-roes for their extraordinary service and their incredible stories of sacrifice and bravery on behalf of our country. That’s why it is my privi-lege to enter their names into the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD today. The veterans on this Honor Flight from Or-egon are as follows: Kenneth Brandt, Army; George Droz, Army; Charles Robertson, Army; George Schoppert, Army; William Evarts, Army Air Force; Alfred Kruckman, Army Air Force; August Evert, Navy; Ben Lemire, Navy; Otto Schaffer, Navy; Billy Baucum, U.S. Coast Guard. Some of these brave men served on land in France, Germany, Austria, England, Nor-mandy and throughout the European and Pa-cific Theatres. Some served at sea in the South Pacific and the Philippines, on patrol frigates and Navy vessels. Some served as air crewman and infantrymen. While each of their roles was different, their dedication to their country was the same. These ten heroes join the over 150,000 vet-erans who have been honored through the Honor Flight Network of volunteers nationwide since 2005. I would also like to recognize the four guardians traveling on this trip who have served our country: Terrie Evarts, Jerry Rozelle, Harley Keiley, and Candy Kelley. I also want to thank and recognize the group leaders on this night, as well as the dedicated Board Members of Honor Flight of Eastern Oregon and the Bend Heroes Foun-dation, who worked so hard to make this trip happen. Mr. Speaker, at the height of the Civil War in 1863, President Abraham Lincoln wrote, ‘‘Honor to the Soldier, and Sailor everywhere, who bravely bears his country’s cause.’’ Each of us in this chamber and in this nation should be humbled by the courage of these brave veterans who put themselves in harm’s way for our country and way of life. As a nation, we can never fully repay the debt of gratitude owed to them for their honor, commitment, and sacrifice in defense of the freedoms we have today. My colleagues, please join me in thanking these veterans and the volunteers of Honor Flight of Eastern Oregon for their exemplary dedication and service to this great country. HONORING GEORGE ALTAMURA HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor President and Founder George Altamura upon the 25th Anniversary of Hands Across the Valley, an outstanding an-nual event that benefits Napa County safety net food programs. As a young man growing up in Buffalo, New York, Mr. Altamura dreamed of living in Cali-fornia. When he graduated from high school in 1949, he made his dream a reality by hitch-hiking his way across the United States, work-ing first as a carpenter’s apprentice and even-tually obtaining a general contractor’s license. In 1952, he established Altamura Enterprises, a successful property development company. He has worked hard to help make Napa Val-ley a wonderful place to live. Mr. Altamura founded Hands Across the Valley when he learned that hundreds of peo-ple in our community were going hungry every day. He and other leaders in our community decided to come together ‘‘to do something about the hunger in Napa Valley.’’ They formed a committee to plan a fundraising event, not knowing how the community would respond. Over five hundred guests attended the inaugural event. Hands Across the Valley has become a popular annual event in our community, succeeding in raising well over two million dollars to benefit Napa Valley’s safety net food programs. Hands Across the Valley raises funds for the Napa Valley Food Bank, Meals on Wheels, the Salvation Army, and The Table, a local charity focused on providing nutritious meals to anyone that is hungry. In addition to providing much needed funds to these safety net services, Hands Across the Valley helps the Food Bank, Catholic Charities, The Table and American Canyon Family Resource Cen-ter provide holiday turkeys and food baskets each year. Mr. Speaker, the Hands Across the Valley benefit and George Altamura have been help-ing our community organizations with their goal of creating a ‘‘community without hun-ger.’’ Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RON CLAWSON FOR RECEIVING A PERSONAL ACHIEVEMENT AWARD FROM THE HEALTHSOUTH REHABILITA-TION HOSPITAL OF ALTOONA 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ron Clawson, one of the winners of the 24th annual Personal Achievement Award from the HealthSouth Rehabilitation Hospital of Altoona. This award is given to encourage and recognize those who have made an out-standing effort to deal with or overcome a dis-ability. This year, Ron has earned that distinc-tion. Ron was at work atop a tanker car when it exploded in January 2017. He sustained sig-nificant trauma and multiple injuries including nine rib fractures, multiple spinal fractures and burns all over his body. The accident dramati-cally changed his life, causing him to endure many trips for medical treatment including out-patient therapy three times a week, follow-up appointments with multiple doctors and a sur-gical procedure on his right shoulder. Yet, through all of these troubles, Ron, with the boundless support of his wife Diane and their four children, has approached his situation with strength and calm determination. I am humbled to recognize the truly impres-sive recovery Ron has made. His steadfast perseverance in the face of such adversity is remarkable. As such, it is my pleasure to wish Ron the best as he continues to reclaim his health and life. f 
HONORING CITY OF CENTENNIAL’S MAYOR CATHY NOON 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my gratitude to the City of Centennial’s Mayor Cathy Noon as her final term as mayor comes to an end. Mayor Noon’s extraordinary work and dedication to the City of Centennial has positively trans-formed the City of Centennial over her time in office. As Mayor of Centennial, her leadership has proved to be a key factor in many of the city’s most successful programs and initiatives. Mayor Cathy Noon has shown time and time again what a dedicated public servant can do to make a difference for her commu-nity. Mayor Noon was a leader in the process to draft the original home-rule charter for the city when it was established in 2001 and her service to the City of Centennial has truly ex-tended from its conception to the present day. She has also taken a prominent role in fur-thering the interests of the entire metropolitan region through her service on numerous boards and commissions such as, the Metro Mayors Caucus, the C–470 Executive Com-mittee and the Denver Regional Council of Governments. Under Mayor Noon’s leadership, projects such as the Intelligent Transportation System Master Plan and Go Centennial have helped the City of Centennial to grow and prosper be-yond anyone’s expectations. It is clear her tire-less service to the people of Centennial has made this community a better place to live, work, and raise a family. Mr. Speaker, as her final term of service to the citizens of the City of Centennial nears its end, I offer Mayor Cathy Noon my sincere ap-preciation for her many years of accomplished public service and I wish to extend my grateful thanks to her for her unyielding dedication to the people and the City of Centennial. 
f 
JOE AND MARTHA M CCAFFREY HISTORIC TROLLEY BUILDING 
HON. BEN RAY LUJA´N 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to announce that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08SE8.010 E08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1191 September 8, 2017 
new state-of-the-art Media Arts and Tech-nology Department facility at New Mexico Highlands University, my alma mater, will be named the McCaffrey Historic Trolley Building in honor of two outstanding New Mexicans and my dear friends, Joe and Martha McCaf-frey. Joe and Martha have been generous in es-tablishing the McCaffrey Family Endowment to support students in the new Highlands Master of Fine Arts degree program. Leveo Sanchez, Chairman of the Highlands Board of Regents, took note in making the naming recommendation, ‘‘Joe and Martha McCaffrey have been highly involved with Highlands media arts for a number of years and have been very generous in making gifts to the department,’’ Sanchez said. ‘‘It’s rare to have dedicated alumni like the McCaffreys who graduated so many years ago and are willing to donate some of their wealth to the university.’’ But for those of us who know Joe and Mar-tha McCaffrey, their generosity of spirit is not surprising. The McCaffreys have often noted the important role that Highlands played in their lives, and I have seen first-hand their love of the university and the Highlands com-munity. Joe said, ‘‘As young newly married stu-dents, we were given a firm educational foun-dation that allowed us to pursue our chosen careers. Without the help of caring professors, we would not have achieved our goals.’’ ‘‘This endowment is a small way for us to repay what Highlands gave to us so many years ago. We wanted media arts students at Highlands to have the same opportunities we had,’’ Martha explained. ‘‘The McCaffreys have supported media arts student projects, purchased equipment, and funded retreats to create the MFA program,’’ said Kerry Loewen, media arts and technology chair at Highlands. ‘‘They consistently support our program in other ways too, such as regu-larly attending student events. The McCaffreys are deserving of this legacy.’’ I am also reminded that the McCaffrey Fam-ily Endowment was also established to honor the memory of Joe and Martha’s family. Joe was born in Albuquerque and graduated from St. Mary’s High School. His maternal grandfather came to New Mexico in 1879 and later founded the Albuquerque Carpenters Union. Joe’s paternal grandfather came to New Mexico in the 1920s. He was a member of the New Mexico Legislature in the thirties and spent forty years working for New Mexico Senator Clinton P. Anderson. Joe’s father, Bill McCaffrey, was the founder of the Rio Rancho Observer. Bill’s brother, Fred McCaffrey, was the premier New Mexico political columnist, a Santa Fe Living Treasure and was a good friend of my father. Martha said that the Media Arts and Tech-nology Department reminded her of Speech and Drama Department at Louisiana State University, chaired by her grandfather. ‘‘This gift honors my grandfather’s memory and his teaching philosophy. He once wrote, ‘A good teacher believes in accessibility to students and companionship with them, promotes atti-tudes of professional ethics, and gives them hard tasks to do in friendliness.’ ’’ The profes-sors in the Media Arts Department dem-onstrate that philosophy. This gift also honors the memory of Martha’s father, whose proud-est achievement was his contributions to the eradication of smallpox, while working for the World Health Organization in India and Soma-lia and her mother, a life-long educator. I am reminded that Joe earned a B.S. and M.S. in physics and mathematics from High-lands in 1960 and 1961 respectively. Martha completed a B.A. in history, with a minor in English, in 1961. Joe completed a Ph.D. in physics from Colorado State University. Joe worked at the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory for 30 years as a bench scientist and science administrator and for five years as a Professor of Computational Engineering at Mississippi State University. His many technical achieve-ments during this period were documented in a Memorial declaring February 21, 2013 as ‘‘Dr. Joe McCaffrey Day’’ in the New Mexico Senate. None of these achievements would have been possible without the educational foundation provided by Highlands University. I recall that Joe was named a Highlands distinguished alumnus in 2004, served on the Highlands Foundation board beginning in 2006 and continues as an emeritus member. He also has taught several classes at Highlands. Martha completed her master’s degree in li-brary science at the University of Maryland, and was a longtime librarian and media spe-cialist at Mandeville High School in Mandeville, Louisiana. Martha received the Modisette Award from the Louisiana Library Association for her pioneering efforts in library automation. I know that Martha is a member of the Highlands Alumni Association board. As a Las Vegas Citizens Committee for Historic Preservation board member, she has mentored several media arts students in local internships through the university’s one-of-a- kind AmeriCorps Cultural Technology pro-gram. So it is with great pleasure that I congratu-late Highlands on the new Media Arts and Technology Department facility and thank Joe and Martha McCaffrey for their generosity and their vision for generations of future fine arts students at Highlands. 
f 
RETIREMENT OF JUDGE WILLIAM E. ALEXA 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I take this time to honor Judge William E. Alexa, and to wish him well upon his retirement. Throughout his many years of public service, Judge Alexa has been dedicated and unwavering in his support of the local community. After more than thirty years of public service, Judge Alexa will be retiring in October of this year. To com-memorate this special occasion and to pay tribute to Judge Alexa’s extraordinary career, a celebratory event will take place on Tues-day, September 19, 2017, at the Old Towne Banquet Center in Valparaiso, Indiana. William Alexa is a veteran of the United States Army, having served between 1962 and 1964. Following his military service, he went on to graduate from the Valparaiso Uni-versity School of Law in 1973. Not long after law school, from 1975 to 1978, Judge Alexa held the positions of Porter County Deputy and Chief Deputy Prosecuting Attorney. In 1988, he was elected to the Indiana State Senate, faithfully serving his constituents of the Fifth District for the next fourteen years. As a member of the Indiana General Assem-bly, Senator Alexa served on the Judiciary Committee, the State Budget Committee, the Commission on Courts, and the Senate Com-mittee on Veterans Affairs and the Military. As a legislator, he co-authored a bill that estab-lished the Indiana Commission on Military and Veterans Affairs. From 2000 to 2002, Judge Alexa also served as Chair of the Indiana Criminal Law Study Commission. In the private sector, Judge Alexa practiced law from 1978 to 2002, at which time he was appointed to serve the remainder of the term of Judge Thomas W. Webber Sr. He was re-elected in 2006 and 2012 to continue serving as Porter County Superior Court Judge. For his admirable and devoted career in public service, Judge Alexa has received numerous accolades and awards, including the Saga-more of the Wabash, bestowed upon him by the late Governor Frank O’Bannon, and the Distinguished Public Service Award, presented to him by the American Legion of Indiana. Aside from his work, Judge Alexa gives much of his time to numerous charitable endeavors, and for that he is worthy of our respect and appreciation. Judge Alexa’s commitment to the commu-nity and to public service is exceeded only by his devotion to his amazing family. He and his wife, Joyce, have two loving children and three beautiful granddaughters. I am honored to call Bill Alexa a friend and I cannot thank him enough for all that he has done for me over the years. I am even more grateful for what he has done for so many for so long, stranger and friend alike. His service has improved the future we will live in. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Judge William Alexa for his outstanding serv-ice to the community of Northwest Indiana and beyond. His unwavering dedication to improv-ing the quality of life for all Hoosiers is truly admirable, and we have been honored to have had his presence in the judiciary for so long. Please join me in thanking Judge Alexa and wishing him well upon his retirement. f 
RECOGNIZING JESSICA STELLA-BOTTE FOR RECEIVING A PER-SONAL ACHIEVEMENT AWARD FROM THE HEALTHSOUTH REHA-BILITATION HOSPITAL OF AL-TOONA 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 8, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jessica Stellabotte, one of the win-ners of the 24th annual Personal Achievement Award from the HealthSouth Rehabilitation Hospital of Altoona. This award is given to en-courage and recognize those who have made an outstanding effort to deal with or overcome a disability. This year, Jessica has earned that distinction. Jessica was diagnosed in April 2017 with Acute Demyelinating Encephalopathy, an in-flammation of the body’s central nervous sys-tem that affects the brain and spinal cord. At 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08SE8.015 E08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1192 September 8, 2017 
the time, Jessica was just a typical young woman pursuing her Master’s Degree in Grief Counseling. She faced many obstacles being unable to speak, sit without support or simply wheel her wheelchair. However, through her hard work, motivation and family support, Jessica has made tremendous gains in speech and occu-pational therapy and now even walks with a walker. She is completing a graduate program to become a grief counselor, and is an inspira-tion to many. I am honored to help celebrate Jessica’s im-pressive efforts and promising recovery, as I believe that her dedicated and positive attitude is something many of us can learn from as we attempt to overcome the hardships in our lives. Furthermore, I am happy to recognize Jessica for her perseverance, and I wish her the best as she continues to reclaim her health and life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08SE8.011 E08SEPT1
D946 Friday, September 8, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, September 11, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-lic bills, H.R. 3711–3725; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 511–512, were introduced.
                Pages H7216–17 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7217–18 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H. Res. 446, resolution of inquiry requesting the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the removal of former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–300); and H.R. 931, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–301).
   Page H7216 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H7185, H7197 
Reinforcing Education Accountability in Devel-opment Act: The House concurred in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 601, to enhance the trans-parency and accelerate the impact of assistance pro-vided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing coun-tries, to better enable such countries to achieve uni-versal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, and to eliminate duplication and waste, by a yea-and-nay vote of 316 yeas to 90 nays, Roll No. 480.
                                                      Pages H7191–97 H. Res. 509, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 601) was agreed to by voice vote, after the previous question was ordered without objection.
                  Pages H7187–91 
Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018: The House considered H.R. 3354, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018. Further proceedings were postponed. 
                                                         Pages H7197–H7200, H7201–08 
Agreed to: Pearce amendment (No. 63 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was debated on September 7th that prevents funds from being used to implement the Bureau of Land Management’s ‘‘Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resource Con-servation’’ rule (by a recorded vote of 216 ayes to 186 noes, Roll No. 484); and
              Pages H7199–H7200 
Smith (MO) amendment (No. 72 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that restricts federal agencies from using funds to pay legal fees under any lawsuit set-tlement regarding a case that arises under the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act.
                                                          Pages H7202–03 
Rejected: Blackburn amendment (No. 55 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was debated on September 7th that sought to call for 1% across the board cuts (by a recorded vote of 156 ayes to 248 noes, Roll No. 481);
                                                                         Pages H7197–98 
Palmer amendment (No. 56 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was debated on September 7th that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08SE7.REC D08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D947 September 8, 2017 
sought to ensure that none of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used for the Environmental Protection Agency’s Criminal Enforcement Division (by a recorded vote of 178 ayes to 227 noes, Roll No. 482); and
                                                      Pages H7198–99 
Carbajal amendment (No. 57 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was debated on September 7th that sought to state that none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to process any application under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) for a permit to drill or a permit to modify, that would authorize use of hydraulic fracturing or acid well stimulation treatment in the Pacific Outer Continental Shelf (by a recorded vote of 177 ayes to 230 noes, Roll No. 483).
       Page H7199 
Withdrawn: Knight amendment (No. 69 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have prohibited funds related to certain mineral contracts
                                Pages H7201–02 
Proceedings Postponed: Mullin amendment (No. 73 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to prohibit funds for enforcing the Obama Administration’s EPA methane rule; 
                                                                                    Pages H7203–04 
Mullin amendment (No. 74 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to prohibit funds for imple-menting the Obama Administration’s Social Cost of Carbon rule;
                                                         Pages H7204–05 
Polis amendment (No. 75 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to prohibit funds from being used to support the closure or consolidation of any regional office of the Environmental Protection Agency;
                                                                   Pages H7205–06 
Polis amendment (No. 76 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to prohibit the use of funds to pursue any extra-legal ways to transfer Federal lands to private owners in contravention of existing law; and
                                                                            Pages H7206–07 
Norman amendment (No. 77 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to reduce total appropriations to the Environmental Protection Agency by $1,869,087,000.                                                 Pages H7207–08 
H. Res. 504, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) was agreed to yes-terday, September 7th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, September 11th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H7200 
Providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 601: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and agree to S. Con. Res. 24, pro-viding for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 601.
                                                                          Pages H7200–01 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and four recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H7196–97, H7197–98, H7198–99, H7199, and H7199–H7200. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:48 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08SE7.REC D08SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD948 September 8, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, September 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R 2810, National Defense Authorization Act, and vote on the mo-tion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to con-sideration of the bill at 5:30 p.m. (At approximately 3 p.m., Senate will observe a moment of silence in remembrance of the lives lost in the attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, September 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E1187 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1188 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1186, E1190 Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E1186 Hultgren, Randy, Ill., E1189 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E1187 Katko, John, N.Y., E1186 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E1188 Long, Billy, Mo., E1189 Luja´n, Ben Ray, N.M., E1185, E1190 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1188 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1189 Roby, Martha, Ala., E1187 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1185, E1186, E1187, E1189, E1190, E1191 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1187 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1186, E1190 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1188 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1185, E1191 Walden, Greg, Ore., E1190 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:01 Sep 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D08SE7.REC D08SEPT1