Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H101 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 2017 No. 3 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 o’clock and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of Heaven and Earth, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Lord, You know our capabilities as a nation. You know our limitations bet-ter than we know ourselves. You see clearly the needs of our day and the steps that must be taken. For the Members of the people’s House, be a gentle light. Lead them forth day by day along the path of con-sistency and integrity, that the knots of contradiction would be unraveled and together Your people will walk with clarity of vision, determination of purpose, and a new depth of human un-derstanding. Bless all the people of our Nation, es-pecially those in most need of Your mercy. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WALZ led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. READING OF THE CONSTITUTION The SPEAKER. Pursuant to section 5(a) of House Resolution 5, the Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) for the read-ing of the Constitution. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, this morning, for the fourth time in the his-tory of the House of Representatives, we will read aloud on the floor of the House the full text of the U.S. Con-stitution. It is our hope that this reading will help demonstrate to the American peo-ple that the House of Representatives is dedicated to the Constitution and the system it establishes for limited government and the protection of indi-vidual liberty. We also hope that it will inspire many more Americans to read the Constitution themselves. The text we will read today reflects the changes to the document made by the 27 amendments to it. Those por-tions superseded by amendment will not be read. In order to ensure fairness to all those interested in participating, we have asked Members to line up to be recognized on a first-come, first-served basis. I will recognize Members based on this guidance. Each Member will ap-proach the podium and read the pas-sage laid out for him or her. In order to ensure relative parity and fairness, I may recognize Members out of order in order to ensure bipartisan-ship and balance. Additionally, because of his long-term leadership on civil rights issues, I will recognize the gen-tleman from Georgia, Representative J
OHN LEWIS, to read the Thirteenth Amendment. I want to thank the Members of both parties for their participation in this historic event. I will begin by reading the preamble to the Constitution: ‘‘We the People of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-quility, provide for the common defence, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.’’ I now yield to the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. HULTGREN ). Mr. HULTGREN. Article I, section 1: ‘‘All legislative powers herein grant-ed shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Section 2: ‘‘The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every second year by the people of the sev-eral States, and the electors in each State shall have the qualifications req-uisite for electors of the most numer-ous branch of the State legislature.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). Mr. POLIQUIN. ‘‘No person shall be a Representative who shall not have at-tained to the age of twenty-five years, and been seven years a citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant of that State in which he shall be chosen. ‘‘The actual enumeration shall be made within three years after the first meeting of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent term of ten years, in such manner as they shall by law direct.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ). Mr. WALZ. ‘‘The number of Rep-resentatives shall not exceed one for every thirty-thousand, but each State shall have at least one Representative; and until such enumeration shall be made, the State of New Hampshire shall be entitled to chuse three, Massa-chusetts eight, Rhode-Island and Provi-dence Plantations one, Connecticut five, New-York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania eight, Delaware one, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.000 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH102 January 5, 2017 
Maryland six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five, and Georgia three.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ). Mr. LANCE. ‘‘When vacancies happen in the representation from any State, the executive authority thereof shall issue writs of election to fill such va-cancies. ‘‘The House of Representatives shall chuse their Speaker and other officers; and shall have the sole power of im-peachment.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENE G
REEN ). Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Section 3: ‘‘The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each State, for six years; and each Sen-ator shall have one vote. ‘‘Immediately after they shall be as-sembled in consequence of the first election, they shall be divided as equal-ly as may be into three classes.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST). Mr. BOST. ‘‘The seats of the Sen-ators of the first class shall be vacated at the expiration of the second year, of the second class at the expiration of the fourth year, and of the third class at the expiration of the sixth year, so that one-third may be chosen every second year.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
A´RDENAS ). Mr. CA´RDENAS. ‘‘No person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the age of thirty years, and been nine years a citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elect-ed, be an inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. ‘‘The Vice President of the United States shall be President of the Senate, but shall have no vote, unless they be equally divided. ‘‘The Senate shall chuse their other officers, and also a President pro tem-pore, in the absence of the Vice Presi-dent, or when he shall exercise the of-fice of President of the United States.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N). Ms. BARRAGA´N. ‘‘The Senate shall have the sole power to try all impeach-ments. When sitting for that purpose, they shall be on oath or affirmation. When the President of the United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: and no person shall be con-victed without the concurrence of two thirds of the Members present.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ). b1015 Mr. LOUDERMILK. ‘‘Judgment in cases of impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any office of honor, trust or profit under the United States: but the party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to indictment, trial, judg-ment and punishment, according to law.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ). Mr. LIPINSKI. Section 4: ‘‘The times, places and manner of holding elections for Senators and Rep-resentatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by law make or alter such regulations, ex-cept as to the places of chusing Sen-ators.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIF-
FITH). Mr. GRIFFITH. Section 5: ‘‘Each House shall be the judge of the elections, returns and qualifications of its own Members, and a majority of each shall constitute a quorum to do business; but a smaller number may adjourn from day to day, and may be authorized to compel the attendance of absent Members, in such manner, and under such penalties as each House may provide.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. ‘‘Each House may determine the rules of its proceedings, punish its Members for disorderly be-haviour, and, with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a Member. ‘‘Each House shall keep a Journal of its proceedings, and from time to time publish the same, excepting such parts as may in their judgment require se-crecy; and the yeas and nays of the Members of either House on any ques-tion shall, at the desire of one fifth of those present, be entered on the Jour-nal.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. ‘‘Neither House, during the session of Congress, shall, without the consent of the other, ad-journ for more than three days, nor to any other place than that in which the two Houses shall be sitting.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS). Mr. GIBBS. Section 6: ‘‘The Senators and Representatives shall receive a compensation for their services, to be ascertained by law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United States. They shall in all cases, except treason, felony and breach of the peace, be privileged from arrest during their attendance at the session of their re-spective Houses, and in going to and re-turning from the same; and for any speech or debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in any other place.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). Mr. PEARCE. ‘‘No Senator or Rep-resentative shall, during the time for which he was elected, be appointed to any civil office under the authority of the United States, which shall have been created, or the emoluments whereof shall have been encreased dur-ing such time; and no person holding any office under the United States, shall be a Member of either House dur-ing his continuance in office.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTH-
RIE). Mr. GUTHRIE. Section 7: ‘‘All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the House of Representa-tives; but the Senate may propose or concur with amendments as on other bills.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. ‘‘Every bill which shall have passed the House of Representa-tives and the Senate, shall, before it become a law, be presented to the President of the United States: if he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his objections to that House in which it shall have origi-nated, who shall enter the objections at large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHER -
FORD ). Mr. RUTHERFORD. ‘‘If after such re-consideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the bill, it shall be sent, together with the objections, to the other House, by which it shall like-wise be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of that House, it shall be-come a law.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. ‘‘But in all such cases the votes of both Houses shall be determined by yeas and nays, and the names of the persons voting for and against the bill shall be entered on the Journal of each House respectively.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN). Mr. DUNN. ‘‘If any bill shall not be returned by the President within ten days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the same shall be a law, in like manner as if he had signed it, unless the Congress by their adjournment prevent its return, in which case it shall not be a law.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROW-
LEY). Mr. CROWLEY. ‘‘Every order, resolu-tion, or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representa-tives may be necessary (except on a question of adjournment) shall be pre-sented to the President of the United States; and before the same shall take effect, shall be approved by him, or being disapproved by him, shall be re-passed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives, according to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.002 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H103 January 5, 2017 
the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRA-
HAM). Mr. ABRAHAM: Section 8: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and pro-vide for the common defence and gen-eral welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ). Mr. CORREA. ‘‘. . . to borrow money on the credit of the United States; ‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; ‘‘To establish an uniform rule of nat-uralization, and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ). Mr. DAVIDSON. ‘‘. . . to coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of for-eign coin, and fix the standard of weights and measures; ‘‘To provide for the punishment of counterfeiting the securities and cur-rent coin of the United States; ‘‘To establish post offices and post roads; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ). Mr. CARBAJAL. ‘‘. . . to promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to au-thors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discov-eries; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. ‘‘. . . to constitute tribunals inferior to the supreme Court; ‘‘To define and punish piracies and felonies committed on the high seas, and offences against the law of nations; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ERA). Mr. BERA. ‘‘. . . to declare war, grant letters of marque and reprisal, and make rules concerning captures on land and water; ‘‘To raise and support armies, but no appropriation of money to that use shall be for a longer term than two years; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). Mr. YOHO. ‘‘. . . to provide and maintain a navy; ‘‘To make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; ‘‘To provide for calling forth the mi-litia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections and repel inva-sions; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. ‘‘. . . to provide for or-ganizing, arming, and disciplining, the militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the serv-ice of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the appoint-ment of the officers, and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ). Mr. WILLIAMS. ‘‘. . . to exercise ex-clusive legislation in all cases whatso-ever, over such district (not exceeding ten miles square) as may, by cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of the Government of the United States, and to exercise like authority over all places purchased by the consent of the legislature of the State in which the same shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful buildings; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ). Ms. JAYAPAL. ‘‘. . . and to make all laws which shall be necessary and prop-er for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Gov-ernment of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). Mr. FARENTHOLD. Section 9: ‘‘The migration or importation of such persons as any of the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a tax or duty may be imposed on such importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each per-son.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERL-
MUTTER ). Mr. PERLMUTTER. ‘‘The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it. ‘‘No bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall be passed.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ). Mr. FLORES. ‘‘No capitation, or other direct, tax shall be laid, unless in proportion to the census or enumera-tion herein before directed to be taken. ‘‘No tax or duty shall be laid on arti-cles exported from any State.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ARGAS ). Mr. VARGAS. ‘‘No preference shall be given by any regulation of com-merce or revenue to the ports of one State over those of another; nor shall vessels bound to, or from, one State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay duties in another.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). Mr. KING of Iowa. ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and ac-count of the receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT). Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. ‘‘No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States: and no person holding any of-fice of profit or trust under them, shall, without the consent of the Con-gress, accept of any present, emolu-ment, office, or title, of any kind what-ever, from any king, prince, or foreign state.’’ b1030 Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL). Mr. HILL. Section 10: ‘‘No State shall enter into any trea-ty, alliance, or confederation; grant letters of marque and reprisal; coin money; emit bills of credit; make any thing but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts; pass any bill of at-tainder, ex post facto law, or law im-pairing the obligation of contracts, or grant any title of nobility.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ). Ms. KELLY of Illinois. ‘‘No State shall, without the consent of the Con-gress, lay any imposts or duties on im-ports or exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing its inspection laws: and the net produce of all duties and imposts, laid by any State on imports or exports, shall be for the use of the Treasury of the United States; and all such laws shall be subject to the revision and controul of the Congress.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Y
ODER ). Mr. YODER. ‘‘No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay any duty of tonnage, keep troops, or ships of war in time of peace, enter into any agree-ment or compact with another State, or with a foreign power, or engage in war, unless actually invaded, or in such imminent danger as will not admit of delay.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ). Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Article II, section 1: ‘‘The executive power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America. He shall hold his office dur-ing the term of four years, and, to-gether with the Vice President chosen for the same term, be elected as fol-lows:’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. ‘‘Each State shall ap-point, in such manner as the legisla-ture thereof may direct, a number of electors, equal to the whole number of Senators and Representatives to which the State may be entitled in the Con-gress: but no Senator or Representa-tive, or person holding an office of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.003 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH104 January 5, 2017 
trust or profit under the United States, shall be appointed an elector.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ). Mrs. DEMINGS. ‘‘The Congress may determine the time of chusing the elec-tors, and the day on which they shall give their votes; which day shall be the same throughout the United States.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). Mr. BABIN. ‘‘No person except a nat-ural born citizen, or a citizen of the United States, at the time of the adop-tion of this Constitution, shall be eligi-ble to the office of President; neither shall any person be eligible to that of-fice who shall not have attained to the age of thirty five years, and been four-teen years a resident within the United States.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
AS-
TOR). Ms. CASTOR of Florida. ‘‘The Presi-dent shall, at stated times, receive for his services, a compensation, which shall neither be increased nor dimin-ished during the period for which he shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within that period any other emolument from the United States, or any of them.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). Mr. NEWHOUSE. ‘‘Before he enter on the execution of his office, he shall take the following oath or affirma-tion:—‘I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.’’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). Mr. BEYER. Section 2: ‘‘The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the militia of the several States, when called into the ac-tual service of the United States; he may require the opinion, in writing, of the principal officer in each of the ex-ecutive departments, upon any subject relating to the duties of their respec-tive offices, and he shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons for offences against the United States, ex-cept in cases of impeachment.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AUL-
SEN). Mr. PAULSEN. ‘‘He shall have power, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present con-cur; and he shall nominate, and by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-ate, shall appoint ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges of the supreme Court, and all other offi-cers of the United States, whose ap-pointments are not herein otherwise provided for, and which shall be estab-lished by law: . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLU-
MENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. ‘‘. . . but the Congress may by law vest the appoint-ment of such inferior officers, as they think proper, in the President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of de-partments.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. ‘‘The Presi-dent shall have power to fill up all va-cancies that may happen during the re-cess of the Senate, by granting com-missions which shall expire at the end of their next session.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). Ms. BONAMICI. Section 3: ‘‘He shall from time to time give the Congress information of the State of the Union, and recommend to their consideration such measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ). Mr. BACON. ‘‘. . . he may, on ex-traordinary occasions, convene both Houses, or either of them, and in case of disagreement between them, with re-spect to the time of adjournment, he may adjourn them to such time as he shall think proper; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). Ms. M
CCOLLUM. ‘‘. . . he shall re-ceive ambassadors and other public ministers; he shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed, and shall commission all the officers of the United States.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ). Mr. OLSON. Section 4: ‘‘The President, Vice President and all civil officers of the United States, shall be removed from office on im-peachment for, and conviction of, trea-son, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ). Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Article III, section 1: ‘‘The judicial power of the United States shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. The judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold their offices during good be-haviour, and shall, at stated times, re-ceive for their services a compensation, which shall not be diminished during their continuance in office.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Washington and the majority conference chairman (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ). Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Section 2: ‘‘The judicial power shall extend to all cases, in law and equity, arising under this Constitution, the laws of the United States, and treaties made, or which shall be made, under their au-thority;—to all cases affecting ambas-sadors, other public ministers and con-suls;—to all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY). Ms. ESTY. ‘‘. . . to controversies to which the United States shall be a party;—to controversies between two or more States,—between citizens of different States,—between citizens of the same State claiming lands under grants of different States, and between a State, or the citizens thereof, and foreign states, citizens or subjects.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). Mr. HUIZENGA. ‘‘In all cases affect-ing ambassadors, other public min-isters and consuls, and those in which a State shall be party, the supreme Court shall have original jurisdiction. In all the other cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall have appellate jurisdiction, both as to law and fact, with such exceptions, and under such regulations as the Congress shall make.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ). Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. ‘‘The trial of all crimes, except in cases of impeachment, shall be by jury; and such trial shall be held in the State where the said crimes shall have been committed; but when not committed within any State, the trial shall be at such place or places as the Congress may by law have directed.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLA -
GHER ). Mr. GALLAGHER. Section 3: ‘‘Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort. No person shall be convicted of treason unless on the testimony of two wit-nesses to the same overt act, or on con-fession in open court.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
ATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. ‘‘The Congress shall have power to declare the punishment of treason, but no attainder of treason shall work corruption of blood, or for-feiture except during the life of the person attainted.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). Mr. ZELDIN. Article IV, section 1. ‘‘Full faith and credit shall be given in each State to the public acts, records, and judicial proceedings of every other State. And the Congress may by general laws prescribe the manner in which such acts, records and proceedings shall be proved, and the ef-fect thereof.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.005 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H105 January 5, 2017 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
UR-
PHY). Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Section 2: ‘‘The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all privileges and immuni-ties of citizens in the several States. ‘‘A person charged in any State with treason, felony, or other crime, who shall flee from justice and be found in another State, shall on demand of the executive authority of the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be re-moved to the State having jurisdiction of the crime.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. F
ASO). Mr. FASO. Section 3: ‘‘New States may be admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no new State shall be formed or erected within the jurisdiction of any other State; nor any State be formed by the junction of two or more States, or parts of States, without the consent of the legislatures of the States concerned as well as of the Congress.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). Mr. GARAMENDI. ‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. H
OL-
LINGSWORTH ). Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Section 4: ‘‘The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Repub-lican form of government, and shall protect each of them against invasion; and on application of the legislature, or of the executive (when legislature cannot be convened), against domestic violence.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE). Ms. D
ELBENE. Article V: ‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Con-stitution, or, on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a convention for pro-posing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several States . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
OOLENAAR ). b1045 Mr. MOOLENAAR. ‘‘. . . or by con-ventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratifica-tion may be proposed by the Congress; provided that no amendment which may be made prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any manner affect the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first article; and that no State, without its consent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). Mr. KEATING. Article VI: ‘‘All debts contracted and engage-ments entered into, before the adoption of this Constitution, shall be as valid against the United States under this Constitution, as under the Confed-eration. ‘‘This Constitution, and the laws of the United States which shall be made in pursuance thereof; and all treaties made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the United States, shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any thing in the Con-stitution or laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. ‘‘The Sen-ators and Representatives before men-tioned, and the members of the several State legislatures, and all executive and judicial officers, both of the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by oath or affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no reli-gious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). Ms. TSONGAS. Article VII: ‘‘The ratification of the conventions of nine States, shall be sufficient for the establishment of this Constitution between the States so ratifying the same.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. ‘‘Done in con-vention by the unanimous consent of the States present the seventeenth day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven and of the independence of the United States of America the twelfth in witness whereof we have hereunto subscribed our names.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON ). Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. George Washington, President and deputy from Virginia. Delaware: George Read, Gunning Bedford, Jr., John Dickinson, Richard Bassett, Jacob Broom. Maryland: James McHenry, Daniel of St Thomas Jenifer, Daniel Carroll. Virginia: John Blair, James Madison, Jr. North Carolina: William Blount, Richard Dobbs Spaight, Hugh Williamson. South Carolina: John Rutledge, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, Charles Pinckney, Pierce Butler. Georgia: William Few, Abraham Baldwin. Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAG-
NER). Mrs. WAGNER. New Hampshire: John Langdon, Nicholas Gilman. Massachusetts: Nathaniel Gorham, Rufus King. Connecticut: William Samuel John-son, Roger Sherman. New York: Alexander Hamilton. New Jersey: William Livingston, David Brearley, William Paterson, Jon-athan Dayton. Pennsylvania: Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Mifflin, Robert Morris, George Clymer, Thomas FitzSimons, Jared In-gersoll, James Wilson, Gouverneur Morris. Amendment I: ‘‘Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of griev-ances.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ). Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Amendment II: ‘‘A well regulated militia, being nec-essary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEI -
DER). Mr. SCHNEIDER. Amendment III: ‘‘No soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the consent of the owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by law.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Amendment IV: ‘‘The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and ef-fects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon prob-able cause, supported by oath or affir-mation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS). Mr. BIGGS. Amendment V: ‘‘No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or in-dictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the militia, when in actual service in time of war or public danger; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. L
OEBSACK ). Mr. LOEBSACK. ‘‘. . . nor shall any person be subject for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.006 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH106 January 5, 2017 
himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just com-pensation.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Amendment VI: ‘‘In all criminal prosecutions, the ac-cused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been pre-viously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compul-sory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the assistance of counsel for his defence.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). Mr. NOLAN. Amendment VII: ‘‘In suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twen-ty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a jury, shall be otherwise reexamined in any court of the United States, than according to the rules of the common law.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD). Mr. L
AHOOD. Amendment VIII: ‘‘Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.’’ Amendment IX: ‘‘The enumeration in the Constitu-tion, of certain rights, shall not be con-strued to deny or disparage others re-tained by the people.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), the Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Amendment X: ‘‘The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are re-served to the States respectively, or to the people.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY ). Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Amendment XI: ‘‘The judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to extend to any suit in law or equity, com-menced or prosecuted against one of the United States by citizens of an-other State, or by citizens or subjects of any foreign state.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). Mr. ARRINGTON. Amendment XII: ‘‘The electors shall meet in their re-spective States and vote by ballot for President and Vice-President, one of whom, at least, shall not be an inhab-itant of the same State with them-selves; they shall name in their ballots the person voted for as President, and in distinct ballots the person voted for as Vice-President, and they shall make distinct lists of all persons voted for as President, and of all persons voted for as Vice-President, and of the number of votes for each, which lists they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to the seat of the government of the United States, directed to the Presi-dent of the Senate; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. ROSEN ). Ms. ROSEN. ‘‘. . . the President of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and House of Representatives, open all the certificates and the votes shall then be counted;—the person hav-ing the greatest number of votes for President, shall be the President, if such number be a majority of the whole number of electors appointed; and if no person have such majority, then from the persons having the high-est numbers not exceeding three on the list of those voted for as President, . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). Mr. PERRY. ‘‘. . . the House of Rep-resentatives shall choose immediately, by ballot, the President. But in choos-ing the President, the votes shall be taken by States, the representation from each State having one vote; a quorum for this purpose shall consist of a Member or Members from two- thirds of the States, and a majority of all the States shall be necessary to a choice.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Delaware (Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER ). Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. ‘‘The per-son having the greatest number of votes as Vice-President, shall be the Vice-President, if such number be a majority of the whole number of elec-tors appointed, and if no person have a majority, then from the two highest numbers on the list, the Senate shall choose the Vice-President; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). Mr. L
AMALFA. ‘‘. . . a quorum for the purpose shall consist of two-thirds of the whole number of Senators, and a majority of the whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But no person constitutionally ineligible to the office of President shall be eligible to that of Vice-President of the United States.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS). Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Amendment XIII, section 1: ‘‘Neither slavery nor involuntary ser-vitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.’’ Section 2: ‘‘Congress shall have power to en-force this article by appropriate legis-lation.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHA-
KOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Amendment XIV, section 1: ‘‘All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or en-force any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OYCE ). Mr. JOYCE. ‘‘. . . nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its juris-diction the equal protection of the laws.’’ Section 2: ‘‘Representatives shall be appor-tioned among the several States ac-cording to their respective numbers, counting the whole number of persons in each State, excluding Indians not taxed.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO). Mr. SOTO. ‘‘But when the right to vote at any election for the choice of electors for President and Vice Presi-dent of the United States, Representa-tives in Congress, the executive and ju-dicial officers of a State, or the Mem-bers of the legislature thereof, is de-nied to any of the male inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the United States, or in any way abridged, except for par-ticipation in rebellion, or other crime, the basis of representation therein shall be reduced in the proportion which the number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole number of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Section 3: ‘‘No person shall be a Senator or Rep-resentative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a Member of Congress, or as an offi-cer of the United States . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ). Ms. SINEMA. ‘‘. . . or as a member of any State legislature, or as an execu-tive or judicial officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove such disability.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ). Mr. DENHAM. Section 4: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.008 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H107 January 5, 2017 
‘‘The validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law, including debts incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for services in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be questioned. But neither the United States nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred in aid of insurrection or rebel-lion against the United States, or any claim for the loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts, obliga-tions and claims shall be held illegal and void.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ). Mr. SERRANO. Section 5: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this article.’’ Amendment XV, section 1: ‘‘The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY  D
AVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Sec-tion 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.’’ Amendment XVI: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without ap-portionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). Mr. LOWENTHAL. Amendment XVII: ‘‘The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each State, elected by the people there-of, for 6 years; and each Senator shall have one vote. The electors in each State shall have the qualifications req-uisite for electors of the most numer-ous branch of the State legislatures. ‘‘When vacancies happen in the rep-resentation of any State in the Senate, the executive authority of such State shall issue writs of election to fill such vacancies: . . .’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). Mr. ROUZER. ‘‘. . . provided, that the legislature of any State may em-power the executive thereof to make temporary appointments until the peo-ple fill the vacancies by election as the legislature may direct. ‘‘This amendment shall not be so construed as to affect the election or term of any Senator chosen before it becomes valid as part of the Constitu-tion.’’ Amendment XIX: ‘‘The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex. ‘‘Congress shall have power to en-force this article by appropriate legis-lation.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WOMACK ). Mr. WOMACK. Amendment XX, sec-tion 1: ‘‘The terms of the President and the Vice President shall end at noon on the 20th day of January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on the 3d day of January, of the years in which such terms would have ended if this article had not been ratified; and the terms of their successors shall then begin.’’ Section 2: ‘‘The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year, and such meeting shall begin at noon on the 3d day of January, unless they shall by law appoint a different day.’’ Section 3: ‘‘If, at the time fixed for the begin-ning of the term of the President, the President elect shall have died, the Vice President elect shall become President. If a President shall not have been chosen before the time fixed for the beginning of his term, or if the President elect shall have failed to qualify, then the Vice President elect shall act as President until a President shall have qualified; and the Congress may by law provide for the case where-in neither a President elect nor a Vice President shall have qualified, declar-ing who shall then act as President, or the manner in which one who is to act shall be selected, and such person shall act accordingly until a President or Vice President shall have qualified.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ). Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Section 4: ‘‘The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death of any of the persons from whom the House of Rep-resentatives may choose a President whenever the right of choice shall have devolved upon them, and for the case of the death of any of the persons from whom the Senate may choose a Vice President whenever the right of choice shall have devolved upon them.’’ Section 5: ‘‘Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on the 15th day of October following the ratification of this article.’’ Section 6: ‘‘This article shall be inoperative un-less it shall have been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the sev-eral States within seven years from the date of its submission.’’ Amendment XXI, section 1: ‘‘The 18th Article of amendment to the Constitution of the United States is hereby repealed.’’ Section 2: ‘‘The transportation or importation into any State, Territory, or possession of the United States for delivery or use therein of intoxicating liquors, in vio-lation of the laws thereof, is hereby prohibited.’’ Section 3: ‘‘This article shall be inoperative un-less it shall have been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by con-ventions in the several States, as pro-vided in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the submission hereof to the States by the Congress.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Amendment XXII, section 1: ‘‘No person shall be elected to the of-fice of the President more than twice, and no person who has held the office of President, or acted as President, for more than two years of a term to which some other person was elected President shall be elected to the office of President more than once. But this article shall not apply to any person holding the office of President when this article was proposed by Congress, and shall not prevent any person who may be holding the office of President, or acting as President, during the term within which this article becomes oper-ative from holding the office of Presi-dent or acting as President during the remainder of such term.’’ Section 2: ‘‘This article shall be inoperative un-less it shall have been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of three-fourths of the sev-eral States within seven years from the date of its submission to the States by the Congress.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). Mr. L
AMALFA. Amendment XXIII, section 1: ‘‘The District constituting the seat of government of the United States shall appoint in such manner as Con-gress may direct: ‘‘A number of electors of President and Vice President equal to the whole number of Senators and Representa-tives in Congress to which the District would be entitled if it were a State, but in no event more than the least popu-lous State; they shall be in addition to those appointed by the States, but they shall be considered, for the purposes of the election of President and Vice President, to be electors appointed by a State; and they shall meet in the Dis-trict and perform such duties as pro-vided by the twelfth article of amend-ment.’’ Section 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate leg-islation.’’ Amendment XXIV, section 1: ‘‘The right of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or other election for President or Vice Presi-dent, for electors for President or Vice President, or for Senator or Represent-ative in Congress, shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or any State by reason of failure to pay poll tax or other tax.’’ Section 2: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.010 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH108 January 5, 2017 
‘‘The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate leg-islation.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ). Ms. TENNEY. Amendment XXV, sec-tion 1: ‘‘In case of the removal of the Presi-dent from office or of his death or res-ignation, the Vice President shall be-come President.’’ Section 2: ‘‘Whenever there is a vacancy in the office of the Vice President, the Presi-dent shall nominate a Vice President who shall take office upon confirma-tion by a majority vote of both Houses of Congress.’’ Section 3: ‘‘Whenever the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declara-tion that he is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, and until he transmits to them a written declaration to the contrary, such pow-ers and duties shall be discharged by the Vice President as Acting Presi-dent.’’ Section 4: ‘‘Whenever the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the office as Acting Presi-dent. ‘‘Thereafter, when the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration that no inability exists, he shall resume the powers and duties of his office until the Vice President and a majority of either the principal offi-cers of the executive department or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, transmit within four days to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declara-tion that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office. ‘‘Thereupon Congress shall decide the issue, assembling within forty-eight hours for that purpose if not in session. If the Congress, within twenty-one days after receipt of the latter written declaration, or, if Congress is not in session, within twenty-one days after Congress is required to assemble, deter-mines by two-thirds vote of both Houses that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall con-tinue to discharge the same as Acting President; otherwise, the President shall resume the powers and duties of his office.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). Mr. M
CNERNEY. Amendment XXVI, section 1: ‘‘The right of citizens of the United States, who are eighteen years of age or older, to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of age.’’ Section 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate leg-islation.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. I now yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ). Mr. WOODALL. Amendment XXVII: ‘‘No law, varying the compensation for the services of the Senators and Representatives, shall take effect, until an election of Representatives shall have intervened.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, that concludes the reading of the Constitu-tion. I would like to thank all of the Members who participated. I ask unanimous consent that I may be allowed to revise and extend re-marks and insert omitted material in the R
ECORD during the reading of the Constitution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 15 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) at noon. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
LAKE TRAVIS CAVALIERS (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the 2016 Lake Travis Cavaliers on winning their sixth State championship in Texas. I am proud to say that the L.T. takeover of class 6A high school football is com-plete. The Lake Travis Cavaliers, led by their head football coach, Hank Carter, defeated The Woodlands in grand fash-ion by a score of 41–13. Coach Carter has assembled a great coaching staff and built Lake Travis into one of the best high school football programs in the State of Texas. I look forward to seeing what the program will continue to accomplish in the coming seasons under Coach Carter’s leadership. I would also like to congratulate sen-ior quarterback Charlie Brewer who was the Texas Associated Press Sports Editors’ high school player of the year. Charlie led the offense to a big win and finished the season with a record- breaking 75 percent completions. I wish Charlie and the rest of the seniors the best of luck in their future endeavors. This season will go down in the his-tory books for Lake Travis High School. Great job to Coach Carter and the 2016 team. Mr. Speaker, Texas is the greatest football State in America, and because Lake Travis High School is the great-est team in Texas, it most certainly must be the greatest high school team in the country, if not the world if you ask me. Go Cavaliers. In God We Trust. f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Affordable Care Act works, but the majority of Republicans want to make America sick again. Re-publicans have voted more than 60 times to roll back the historic progress that has been made to expand health care to 20 million-plus Americans and to improve coverage for those who al-ready have it. At every turn, they have undermined the law at the expense of American families and now are setting the path for full repeal. 2.6 million Texans stand to lose healthcare coverage, including 20,000 in our district. Fifty thousand of my con-stituents would gain coverage if Texas would have expanded Medicaid along with more than 1 million Texans. Texas stands to lose $62 billion in Fed-eral funding for Medicaid, CHIP, and fi-nancial assistance for marketplace coverage if the new President and Con-gress repeal the Affordable Care Act. Making America sick again is not the solution. Let’s don’t have a repeal until we have a replacement. 
f 
THE LEGACY OF PRESIDENT OBAMA (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, in an Associated Press article titled, ‘‘As Obama accomplished goals, the Democratic party floundered,’’ the disastrous statistics of the Obama leg-acy were revealed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.011 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H109 January 5, 2017 
The Associated Press analyzed: 
There’s one number you will almost never hear: more than 1,030 seats. That’s the num-ber of spots in State legislatures, Governor’s mansions, and Congress lost by Democrats during Obama’s Presidency. It is a statistic that reveals an unexpected twist of the Obama years. 
The Associated Press went on to say: 
The defeats have all but wiped out a gen-eration of young Democrats, leaving the party with limited power in statehouses and a thin bench to challenge an ascendant GOP majority eager to undo many of the Presi-dent’s policies . . . but, say experts, Obama’s tenure has marked the greatest number of losses under any President in decades. 
When it comes time to the battle of programs, American families over-whelmingly choose limited government and expanded freedom over the alter-native: Big Government and lesser free-dom. This is clear with the failing of ObamaCare destroying jobs. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Congratulations to our colleague Congressman T
EDPOEon his remission under treatment of cancer. God bless T
EDPOE. 
f 
OPPOSITION TO GOP AGENDA TO REPEAL THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition of the GOP agenda which will repeal the Affordable Care Act and cause 30 million Americans to lose healthcare coverage. Mr. Speaker, I ask the Republicans to please examine the harm that this will do. Because of the Affordable Care Act, the uninsured rate in Texas has fallen by 28 percent and still has the largest number of uninsured Ameri-cans, allowing 1.7 million Texans to gain coverage. While Texas did not expand Medicaid, the State still benefits from many other reforms brought by the Afford-able Care Act. For instance, Sean, a Ph.D. candidate in economic develop-ment at the University of Texas at Dal-las and his wife, Jamie, relied on the Affordable Care Act when their son was born prematurely and with a heart de-fect that required surgery and a trans-fer to another Dallas hospital. Sean was reassured that, with his family’s ACA marketplace plan, his newborn son would not be denied coverage for lifesaving treatment. It is unconscionable to me that the GOP refuses to look at what works and what needs improvement in this law in-stead of a full repeal as the only op-tion. This will deeply harm American families. 
f 
ENDING THE REGULATION NATION (Mr. EMMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about the problem of ex-cessive government. The United States of America, the land of the free and the brave, a coun-try created to provide everyone an equal opportunity to survive and thrive, has now become the regulation Nation. In my travels across the great State of Minnesota, I have met and talked with people from all walks of life: farmers and manufacturers, teachers and entrepreneurs, community bankers and credit unions, and they are all cry-ing out for relief from the excessive, overly burdensome, and duplicative regulation that is stifling growth and stealing opportunity. For the past 8 years, opportunity in America has been under attack by reg-ulations and unelected regulators from Washington. If every American is to have the opportunity to pursue the American Dream, this must end. That is why policy reforms such as the REINS Act are so important. Under this vital legislation, any major rules from a Federal agency will require congressional approval. This is a great step to end the regulation Na-tion. We in the people’s House must continue to work together to make life easier for the American people, not more difficult. In the 115th Congress, we must—and we will—work with the incoming ad-ministration to roll back excessive and unnecessary regulation so that Amer-ican families and businesses not only survive but can once again thrive. f 
DON’T REPEAL THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. PALLONE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, Ameri-cans today have better health coverage and health care, thanks to the Afford-able Care Act. The ACA has expanded and protected coverage for millions of Americans. More than 20 million previously unin-sured Americans have newfound health security, including 95 percent of Amer-ica’s children. I just want to mention two of my constituents who tweeted me within the last day or so about the ACA. One is from Laurence Harbor. It said: ‘‘The ACA provided additional health care for my autistic son who had aged out on my employer’s health plan. At-tempts in the interim to find a healthcare plan for him were thwarted by insurance companies that did not want to cover him.’’ Another one of my constituents from Marlboro, New Jersey, said: The ‘‘ACA helped me to stay on my parent’s healthcare for 3 years after college, which was a huge relief in a tough job market.’’ There are so many cases, Mr. Speak-er. I could go on all afternoon. The bot-tom line is the Affordable Care Act is also controlling costs for millions of Americans. Premium growth has slowed over the last 6 years, compared to the years before the ACA. Mr. Speaker, if Republicans proceed with repealing the ACA, they will make America sick again. They will rip health care away from 30 million people and raise premiums for millions of others. Repealing the ACA will move us from true care to total chaos. Republicans are blinded to the success of the Af-fordable Care Act. Repealing the Af-fordable Care Act is not logical, it is ideological, and I would strongly urge my Republican colleagues to start looking at this practically rather than ideologically. f 
REMEMBERING RONNIE HAWKINS (Mr. M
CHENRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a dear friend, con-stituent, and tremendous public serv-ant in North Carolina, Cleveland Coun-ty Commissioner Ronnie Hawkins. Ronnie passed away right before Christmas, after a lengthy illness, but it wasn’t one that slowed him. Throughout his illness, Ronnie dis-played the same passion for helping others he showed throughout his career of public service. A native of Cleveland County, Ronnie was an Army veteran and devoted hus-band to his wife, Libby. He was a re-spected and compassionate funeral di-rector, comforting families in their time of need and grief. He took the same type of caring and compassionate approach to his service as one of Cleve-land County’s longest-serving elected officials, serving 16 years on the Cleve-land County Commission, as well as 12 years on the Kings Mountain School Board. He never forgot who was actu-ally his boss at home: his constituents. Ronnie was a dear friend, and I ex-tend my thoughts and prayers to his wife, Libby, his family, and his friends. 
f 
FEDERAL WORKERS (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to defend jobs. In my region, Federal workers at Olympic National Park, which brings millions of visitors to our area, help that park run smoothly. They provide needed health services and care for our veterans at local VA facilities. Federal workers serve our Nation and help our sailors and submariners be safe through their work at the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard, which has been oper-ating for 125 years. We should have admiration and re-spect for the work they do. I don’t think that this Chamber did right by them this week. That is because the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.015 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH110 January 5, 2017 
House approved a rule that would allow any Member to add an amendment to spending bills to cut Federal jobs and lower the pay of workers. These workers shouldn’t be unfairly singled out on the House floor. This is not the way to do business. Having worked in the private sector, you would never see a successful employer treat their employees with the dis-respect that Congress treats the Fed-eral workforce. It is time to tell everyone at that shipyard, at the park, at the VA, and all Federal workers in my region and throughout this country that Congress respects and honors the work that they do. It is time to do away with this rule. 
f 
SMART BORDER ACT (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have traveled to the southern border dozens of times over the years, and the problem is always the same. The people who defend our border—really, defend our country—do the best they can with what they have got, but they are outmanned, outgunned, and outfinanced by the drug cartels and the people coming across from the other side. The continued failure to protect our border threatens our national security and the sovereignty of America. The reality is that the majority of the southern border territory is controlled by someone other than the United States. Why? Because there is no work-able plan. Also, there is no moral will by this administration to protect our border. My bill, the SMART Border Act, out-lines a robust border protection strat-egy that includes achieving operational control of the border within 1 year, provides smart border technology, and mandates more boots on the ground, including 10,000 National Guard troops at the request of the four border State Governors. Mr. Speaker, we must have the moral will to protect our borders. All types of people are crossing the border into the United States illegally—the good, the bad, and the ugly—and those days need to end. No one should come into Amer-ica without America’s permission. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
ACA AND WOMEN (Ms. D
ELBENE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, at this very moment, House and Senate lead-ers are working on a dangerous plan to dismantle the Affordable Care Act and strip more than 20 million Americans of their health insurance. And if they succeed, it will have devastating con-sequences for our constituents, par-ticularly women. Repealing the ACA means allowing insurance companies to charge women more, simply for being a woman; en-dangering access to care for 65 million women with preexisting conditions; and stripping more than 55 million women of free preventative care, like birth control and cancer screenings. It is easy to forget how broken the system was before the Affordable Care Act. But make no mistake: disman-tling it now means being a woman will once again be treated as a preexisting condition. It will mean fewer options, less access, and higher costs for tens of millions of women. We should be building on the progress we have made, not turning back the clock. Women deserve better. f 
b1215 MEDIA SHOULDN’T DECIDE WHAT IS FAKE (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, you may have heard about this new phenomenon called fake news. Fake news usually consists of false and made-up stories. Actually, it is not new and it has been around as long as there have been media. What is new is that a few liberal media organizations are going to label news stories suspect if they feel the stories are not true. This should be of great concern to anyone who believes in free speech. It works this way: nearly half of all Americans get information from Facebook. Facebook has now decided to let liberal media like ABC News and the Associated Press determine wheth-er news is fake or not. This represents the liberal mindset that the media know better than the American people what is good for them. A better idea is to trust the Amer-ican people and let them determine what is real news and what is not. The American people will learn to discern the good from the bad if the media stops telling them what to think. 
f 
SAVING THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Ms. M
CCOLLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of the Affordable Care Act, a law that has made a real dif-ference in the lives of Minnesotans and Americans. After 7 years of attacking the ACA, Republicans still have not come up with a plan to replace this law. In-stead, they plan to work with Presi-dent-elect Donald Trump to repeal the law and destroy the progress we have made. Repealing the ACA would leave tens of millions of Americans uninsured. Repealing the ACA would let insurance companies deny coverage to more than 2 million Minnesotans with preexisting conditions. Repealing the ACA would eliminate free, high-quality preventive health care for hundreds of thousands of families in my district. Make no mistake, Republicans’ ACA repeal plans would turn back the clock, leav-ing millions of Americans just one ill-ness away from bankruptcy. For the sake of Minnesotans and all Americans who have benefited from this law, join me in fighting to save the Affordable Care Act. f 
SUPPORT THE REINS ACT (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, as the House is set to begin debate on H.R. 26, the Regula-tions from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act, commonly referred to as the REINS Act, as a cosponsor of this bill, I rise to express my strong support for its passage. This bill requires that any Federal regulation with a significant economic impact be subject to an up-or-down vote in both Chambers of Congress. Currently, the President has the power to implement regulations over execu-tive agencies on a broad basis with lit-tle congressional consent. The balance of power in Washington has often shifted increasingly toward the executive branch. This enables ex-ecutive agencies to create regulations that Congress would never have ap-proved. The pace and volume of Fed-eral regulations and rules are increas-ing. In 2016 alone, the Obama adminis-tration broke all records in printing more than 97,000 pages and by issuing more than 3,800 rules and regulations in the Federal Register. Unfortunately, the bureaucracy has been empowered to create punitive reg-ulations rather than promoting col-laborative efforts with States, busi-nesses, and the average citizen. Mr. Speaker, I encourage each of my col-leagues to think of the American peo-ple and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the REINS Act. 
f 
REDUCING GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, a lit-tle over a month ago, I attended the fu-neral of Javon Wilson. Javon was the grandson of my good friend, Congress-man D
ANNY DAVIS, and he was just 15 years old when he was shot and killed in Chicago. At the funeral, Javon’s best friend re-membered their talks. ‘‘We were going to be the ones that never died . . . if we get shot, we were never going to die,’’ he said. No child should grow up in a world where gun violence is so common that this talk seems normal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.016 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H111 January 5, 2017 
This week, we turn the page to a new Congress. There is no reason that com-monsense measures like universal background checks, making gun traf-ficking a Federal crime, and rein-stating the ban on military-style as-sault weapons should fall victim to partisan gridlock. Together, we have the opportunity to save lives and make our communities safer. This is a priority for me and my constituents, and I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make progress on reducing gun violence and building a safer future for all our children. 
f 
SUPPORTING OUR NATION’S VETERANS (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, as the 115th Congress kicks off this week, I re-main committed to supporting our Na-tion’s veterans. We made some good progress last year, but there is still much more work to be done. While our military spends over 6 months preparing soldiers for assign-ment, we only spend 5 days preparing them to reintegrate to civilian life. I will be making it a priority to ensure veterans have a robust transition and support system for returning home. We also must bring greater account-ability and transparency to the VA. If a VA employee fails to do their duty to care for our Nation’s heroes, they should be swiftly terminated. We need to turn around the culture of medioc-rity at the agency. I look forward to working with Chairman R
OEand my colleagues on the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs this year to stand up for our men and women in uniform. 
f 
COOL SCIENCE TOPICS (Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to continue a series of 1-minute speech-es on cool science topics. Today I rec-ognize the work of scientists working in the McMurdo Dry Valleys of Antarc-tica to develop geological metal maps. Researchers developed a three-dimen-sional electronic mapping system that is being used to detect large precious metal deposits in the United States. With funding from NSF, researchers mapped out the Nokomis deposit in northern Minnesota, which is esti-mated to contain 10 billion pounds of copper, 3.1 billion pounds of nickel, 4 million ounces of platinum, 9 million ounces of palladium, and 2 million ounces of gold. The value of these metal deposits will more than pay for the science investment to develop this technology. Congress should support research that furthers the understanding of our incredible universe, including the ground beneath our feet. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF A. WARREN KULP (Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of A. Warren Kulp, Jr., better known as Sonny, who passed away on New Year’s Eve in West Palm Beach at the age of 81. Sonny’s life was the American Dream personified. After graduating from Hilltown High School in Pennsylvania in 1953, he worked as a self-employed dairy farmer for most of his life. He also earned his real estate license and worked as the head of the real estate department for 8 years in Bucks Coun-ty, Pennsylvania. After moving to Florida with his wife, Judy, he worked at the Palm Beach Kennel Club until his retirement in 2007. Outside of work, Sonny pursued many different interests. He was a loyal, lifelong Republican and served as an officer and committee chairman for the Pennridge Republican Club in Pennsylvania. He was a consummate grassroots advocate and always could be relied upon for sound advice on both politics and sports. Mr. Speaker, our thoughts and pray-ers are with Judy and the Kulp family and the entire community as they mourn his passing today. He will be greatly missed. 
f 
REPEALING THE ACA IS UNACCEPTABLE (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the majority’s efforts to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act and make America sick again. It is atrocious that Republicans in-tend to repeal ObamaCare without any plan for replacement. It is barbaric to take health care away from 30 million Americans. It is cruel and disgraceful to go back to the dark times when there were annual and lifetime limits on care for all Americans. It is gutless to repeal the law that protected breast cancer survivors like me and up to 129 million Americans with preexisting conditions. It is fraudulent to tell the American people that we can keep pop-ular provisions like that one without any mechanism to share risk to keep health care affordable. It is greedy to give insurance and drug companies billions of dollars in tax breaks but cut funding for Med-icaid expansion. It is heartless to take away free preventive services like can-cer screenings from 55 million Ameri-cans, particularly seniors and people with disabilities in Medicare. It is inde-fensible to roll back the $23.5 billion in prescription drug savings realized by seniors on Medicare in the donut hole. It is past time—long past time—that my Republican colleagues understand from A to Z that repeal is unacceptable and a disaster waiting to happen. f 
LET’S GET TO WORK ON OBAMACARE (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, the Amer-ican people gave my party control of the entire Congress and the White House because of the promise-breaking, job-killing bill known as ObamaCare, the craziest thing in the whole world, according to President Bill Clinton. On November 8, we were ordered to repeal ObamaCare, and that is just what we are going to do. Fearmongers on the other side are telling Americans they will lose their health insurance like that. That will only happen if we follow their example and pass a bill that becomes law before we have the time to read it. House Re-publicans will take time to listen to doctors, nurses, hospitals, patients, the American people to give them the health care they deserve at a lower cost, higher quality with the doctor of their choice. We have our orders. It is time to go to work. 
f 
PROTECTING THE ACA (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, the Affordable Care Act is not a matter of politics. It is a matter of life or death for the people back home. In the San Diego region, repeal of the ACA would mean nearly 300,000 people could lose access to health care. I heard from one constituent just this week who was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease where the rheu-matoid arthritis is not just attacking her joints, but her organs as well. She needs a double lung transplant to stay alive. Her 7-year-old son, she writes me, tells her, ‘‘Mommy, I’m scared. I hope you get your new balloons soon.’’ She lives with the anxiety and the fear of how the repeal of the ACA may af-fect her treatment every day because of her preexisting condition. I implore my Republican colleagues to remember the people that this deci-sion will impact. The effect of this re-peal has much more important con-sequences than politics. Let’s not be responsible for any child who sees a mother suffer or even lose her life without the treatment she needs. 
f 
OUR NEW ADMINISTRATION WILL SUPPORT ISRAEL (Mrs. WAGNER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.018 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH112 January 5, 2017 
minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I stand today to express my extreme dis-appointment in the Obama administra-tion’s betrayal of Israel. The adminis-tration’s destructive decision to under-cut Israel has given leverage to anti- Israel boycotters and anti-Semites across the world. This act screamed of personal venge-ance and hostility, directly harmed American interests, and undermined peace in the Middle East. It was a cow-ardly and foolish parting shot for an administration that flagrantly ignores serious global challenges—Syria, Alep-po, ISIS, Iran, China, Russia, and the list goes on. By abstaining from the vote to cen-sure Israel, President Obama vetoed the U.S.-Israel alliance and violated the faith of the American people. I look forward to a new day, to a new admin-istration that will support Israel and refuse to abandon our allies on the world stage. 
f 
THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. McEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. McEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, it has been my observation that often in this body there are people who would sug-gest to us that their actions are moti-vated and guided by an adherence to the Judeo-Christian ethic. Mr. Speaker, in Jesus’ first sermon, He said, among other things, ‘‘The spir-it of the Lord is upon me to bring good news to the poor.’’ We have done that with the enactment of the Affordable Care Act. Mr. Speaker, the notion of taking away the Affordable Care Act by re-pealing it, I would suggest to this body, is antithetical to those Judeo-Chris-tian values. More than 20 million Americans of all socioeconomic back-grounds have benefited from this act. Mr. Speaker, it is my hope that rea-son will prevail and that while we may tweak the Affordable Care Act, it will not be repealed. 
f 
b1230 TWO-STATE SOLUTION IN ISRAEL (Mr. GOHMERT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we are going to be taking up a resolution that is designed to reflect our discontent with the resolution of the United Na-tions. I am totally in favor of express-ing our discontent. I think we ought to cut our funds to the U.N. until such time as Resolution 2334 is repealed. But the resolution today, at four dif-ferent places, refers to our push in the United States for a two-state solution in Israel. Look, Hebron is in what was the promised land. David ruled from there for the first 7 years he was King over Israel. Hebron is part of the two- state solution going to the Palestin-ians. How did the Palestinians deserve the land that was given as the prom-ised land 1,600 years before Muhammad even existed? I can’t vote for the resolution when we are advocating what Joel 3 says will bring judgment down upon our Nation for trying to partition Israel—can’t do it. f 
WE MUST NOT MAKE AMERICA SICK AGAIN (Mr. BEYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to read a letter from my constituent, Mrs. Karen O’Hern, of Alexandria, Virginia: ‘‘Congressman B
EYER , ‘‘We are a family of four. The com-pany my husband worked for went bankrupt in 2009 after the 2008 financial meltdown—losing income, retirement savings, and health care. ‘‘He now owns a small business and we now get our healthcare insurance through healthcare.gov. ‘‘We need you to defend the ACA. We depend on the availability of this in-surance option. ‘‘My son had surgery on December 30 at Fairfax Hospital to remove a brain tumor. His prognosis is good. I cannot imagine how we would manage finan-cially without this health insurance. ‘‘Please be strong on this matter and represent the needs of your constitu-ents. ‘‘I need my Affordable Care Act health insurance. ‘‘Regards, Karen O’Hern.’’ Mr. Speaker, millions like Karen O’Hern will lose their coverage if the Affordable Care Act is repealed. We must not make America sick again. 
f 
WEST VIRGINIANS WANT THEIR VOICE TO BE HEARD (Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, we are about to vote on the REINS Act, which will hold our agen-cies accountable to the people of Amer-ica. I am a proud cosponsor of this reg-ulation, this legislation. If a regulation has a high economic cost, then the peo-ple, through Congress, have to approve it before it goes into effect. The REINS Act is one of several bills we will be considering this week to stop business as usual in Washington. We will be saying ‘‘no’’ to the over-regulations of the last 8 years, ‘‘no’’ to the radical anti-coal agenda that has closed coal mines and cost my State of West Virginia thousands of jobs, ‘‘no’’ to a Federal Government that won’t even come to West Virginia to hear how their regulations affect us. West Virginians have had enough. They want change. They want their voice to be heard. They want to work hard and put food on their table. I am here to stand up for West Vir-ginians: families, miners, and small businesses. I urge my colleagues to support the REINS Act. f 
OFFERING A 28TH AMENDMENT (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, we came together this morning to read the United States Constitution and its 27 amendments. I offer a 28th amendment, an amendment to overturn the Su-preme Court’s disastrous decision in Citizens United: Section 1. To advance democratic self-government and political equality, and to protect the integrity of govern-ment and the electoral process, Con-gress and the States may regulate and set reasonable limits on the raising and spending of money by candidates and others to influence elections. Section 2. Congress and the States shall have power to implement and en-force this article by appropriate legis-lation, and may distinguish between natural persons and corporations or other artificial entities created by law, including by prohibiting such entities from spending money to influence our elections. Section 3. Nothing in this article shall be construed to grant Congress or the States the power to abridge free-dom of the press. Mr. Speaker, Citizens United let un-limited money flood into our elections and compromise our democracy. I ask all of my colleagues in this 115th Con-gress to join our effort to overturn it. 
f 
REPEALING THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT WILL BE DETRI-MENTAL TO OUR HEALTHCARE SYSTEMS AND MEDICAL RE-SEARCH COMMUNITY (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Affordable Care Act. It is a promise to the American people that we must keep. It guaran-tees access to affordable, high-quality health care as a right for all Ameri-cans. Backing out of this commitment is irresponsible, inexcusable, and rep-rehensible. As a Member from a congressional district that houses some of the largest hospitals in the country, health is a crucial issue for my constituents. Under the ACA, millions of Americans now have access to affordable health care through individual marketplaces and Medicaid expansion. Children in New York can remain on their parents’ plan through the age of 29. An insur-ance company cannot discriminate against patients with preexisting con-ditions. Repeal will be detrimental to our healthcare systems and medical re-search community. Without a plan to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.020 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H113 January 5, 2017 
replace the ACA, Republicans are open-ly gambling with the health care of millions, many of whom will be af-fected, like the elderly and disabled who cannot afford to return to the old system of skyrocketing costs. I will fight for those Americans who rely on the ACA, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. 
f 
BENEFITS OF THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the lifesaving impact of the Af-fordable Care Act. This week, I have heard from dozens of constituents who have been calling my office and reaching out on social media to tell me their ACA stories. I heard from one constituent whose mother had two devastating lung dis-eases. While she had good insurance, unfair lifetime spending caps priced her out of receiving the lifesaving treatment she needed. When the Af-fordable Care Act passed, we ended the cruel practice of lifetime spending caps. With these new protections, she was able to resume her treatment and stay healthy to spend time with her daughter and granddaughter. Mr. Speaker, the ACA works. It re-duces healthcare costs, enables young people to stay on their parents’ insur-ance, and ensures low-income and struggling families that they can ac-cess the care they need. If Republicans repeal this law with-out a viable replacement, there will be real consequences to real people. Let me be clear: by repealing the ACA, Re-publicans would end healthcare cov-erage for millions of families, put the insurance companies back in charge, and, yes, make America sick again. I urge my colleagues to consider what is at stake here—real costs, real lives, not just a political football. Let’s do the right thing and protect families’ health care. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 26, REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECUTIVE IN NEED OF SCRUTINY ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. RES. 11, OBJECTING TO UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUNCIL RESOLUTION 2334 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 22 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 22 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 26) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the Majority Leader and the Mi-nority Leader or their respective designees. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. SEC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order without intervention of any point of order to consider in the House the resolution (H. Res. 11) objecting to United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 as an obstacle to Israeli-Palestinian peace, and for other purposes. The resolution shall be considered as read. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the resolu-tion and preamble to adoption without inter-vening motion or demand for division of the question except one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on House Resolution 22, currently under consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to bring forward this rule on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for consideration of H. Res. 11, a resolution regarding United Nations Security Council Reso-lution 2334. It provides for 1 hour of de-bate on H. Res. 11, equally divided be-tween the chairman and ranking mem-ber of the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. Additionally, this rule provides for consideration of legislation that I in-troduced, H.R. 26, the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny, or REINS, Act. It makes in order 12 amendments from Members on both sides of the aisle, and provides for 1 hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the majority leader and the minority leader. Yesterday, the Rules Committee re-ceived testimony from the Judiciary and Foreign Affairs Committees. Mr. Speaker, the beginning of this new Congress is a time of hope and a time to establish clear priorities and goals. This is a time to show the Amer-ican people that we, as their elected representatives, will have the courage to stand on principles that made us worthy of their trust. This rule pro-vides for two pieces of legislation that represent our commitment to the in-tegrity and transparency of this insti-tution. H. Res. 11, introduced by Chairman ROYCE and cosponsored by Ranking Member E
NGEL , objects to United Na-tions Security Council Resolution 2334 as an obstacle to Israeli-Palestinian peace. It calls for the resolution’s re-peal and makes clear that the current administration’s failure to veto the U.N. resolution violated longstanding U.S. policy to protect Israel from such counterproductive U.N. resolutions. Importantly, it also provides a founda-tion for the next administration to take action to counteract the dam-aging effects of the U.N. Security Council resolution. Mr. Speaker, I support H. Res. 11, yet it shouldn’t be necessary. President Obama’s refusal to veto the U.N. Secu-rity Council’s resolution was a radical and dangerous departure from U.S. precedent. Prior to this most recent Security Council resolution, President Obama has exercised the veto power of the United States on every resolution re-lating to the Israeli-Palestinian con-flict. His failure to do so this time jeopardizes and undermines our rela-tionship with our strongest ally in the Middle East, and it has the potential to undercut the peace process. I stood in this Chamber numerous times before and demanded support for Israel, and I am going to do so here again today. I refuse to sit idly by and watch misguided anti-Israel policies take root. We have to take a stand. The admin-istration’s failure to act, to even par-ticipate in the vote, was an act of cow-ardice. It can’t be erased, and we must take steps to address it. This resolu-tion is a step in the right direction. As a new President is sworn in this month, I am hopeful that we, as the House of Representatives, and the United States will reaffirm our support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.022 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH114 January 5, 2017 
of Israel and return to policies that strengthen the relationships between our two nations. Mr. Speaker, as the new Congress starts, we also must look at domestic policies and how to grow our economy. We are going to do that right here in the House by taking the lead on regu-latory reform to help lift the burden of an intrusive government by jump- starting the economy. b1245 As part of this effort, I introduced H.R. 26, the REINS Act. This bill was originally authored and introduced by former Congressman Geoff Davis in 2009. Last Congress, now-Senator T
ODD Y
OUNG introduced the bill in the House. This Congress, I am proud to carry the torch for this commonsense legislation. I also thank Chairman G
OODLATTE and his staff for all of their hard work on this bill. Article I, section 1 of the United States Constitution grants legislative powers to Congress—we read about that right here on the floor this morn-ing—but, for too long, Congress has ceded that power to the executive branch, which has resulted in an on-slaught of regulation. This is a problem that we have seen under the adminis-trations of both parties, and Members on both sides of the aisle should be con-cerned. In recent years, this problem has ex-ploded. In 2015 alone, the executive branch issued over 3,000 rules and regu-lations, and 76 of these regulations were major regulations. Let me explain that. Unelected bureaucrats, without input from the American people or their Representatives in Congress, issued 76 major regulations that would impact our economy by more than $100 million each in 1 year alone. The con-sequences of these rules are massive. Even worse, we have seen this adminis-tration promote regulations with bur-dens that far outweigh their benefits. The REINS Act would require Federal agencies to submit major rules to Con-gress for approval. Under this bill, major rules would have to be accepted by both Chambers and signed by the President to become effective. This bill restores accountability to the legislative process and ensures that lawmakers, not nameless bureaucrats, are the ones making the laws, just like our Constitution outlines. We have seen the harm that can come from an out-of-control regulatory regime. Right now, hardworking Americans across the country are paying the price. In fact, on average, each U.S. household is bearing an annual eco-nomic weight of $15,000 in regulatory burdens. The oppressive costs of regu-lation, coupled with the impact on jobs, demand action. One regulation, put forth by the En-vironmental Protection Agency in 2015, would have cost my home State of Georgia over 11,000 jobs; and we are all familiar with the waters of the United States rule, which, essentially, as-serted authority over all groundwater in the country. If you have been to northeast Georgia, you know that water collects in pools and puddles and streams at certain times of the year. If all of that were to be regulated under this rule, it would be a disaster for not only my district but for all of the coun-try, but that is what this administra-tion has tried to do. That rule has been halted by a court, but were it to go into effect, it would cut farmers, ranchers, Realtors, and small busi-nesses off at the knees. With the number of major rules this administration has propagated, I could far exceed my time in just illustrating the problems these regulations can cre-ate; but, with the REINS Act, we have a chance to carve out a better way in going forward. The American people elected us, in this body, to represent them. The REINS Act allows their voices to be heard more clearly. Again, Mr. Speaker, it doesn’t matter what party is in the executive branch because the legislative branch is the one that makes and accepts the bills, not the unelected bureaucrats. This bill creates a sensible way to move for-ward with legislative business while better protecting our economy from suffocating regulations that Americans never voted to enact. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. I thank the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) for yielding the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, before I speak on to-day’s legislation, I want to take a mo-ment to express my continued deep concern and uneasiness about the Rus-sian hacking in order to influence the outcome of the 2016 Presidential elec-tion and the deeply troublesome re-sponse from our President-elect. American democracy was attacked, in 2016, by Russian hackers who sought to tip our Presidential election in favor of Donald Trump. That is not I who is speaking—that is the CIA, the FBI, and 14 other United States intelligence agencies that have reached a clear con-sensus on this matter. Yet, even in the face of the overwhelming evidence, President-elect Trump has continued to sow seeds of confusion by publicly attacking and trying to discredit our country’s intelligence agencies and the brave men and women who risk their lives every day to keep us safe. Today, intelligence officials are tes-tifying before the Senate on this mat-ter. In one of his most alarming ac-tions yet, President-elect Trump has said that he would rather trust the words of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange—an accused sex offender, who is holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in the U.K.—than the consensus of the Directors of the U.S. intelligence agen-cies. When Speaker R
YAN was asked about Julian Assange, he called him a sycophant for Russia who leaks, steals data, and compromises national secu-rity. Yet, America’s next President puts more faith in him than in the 16 U.S. intelligence agencies that he will soon oversee. This is not normal behavior by a President-elect, let alone by a Presi-dent, and we cannot allow it to become normal. I appeal to my fellow Members of Congress, both Republicans and Democrats—and especially the Repub-lican leadership—to reach out to the President-elect and ensure that there is a clear understanding about how damaging these statements and actions are to America’s credibility, to our na-tional security, and to the morale and responsibilities of our intelligence agencies. I appeal to my colleagues to get him help now. America faces serious threats across the globe, and we cannot afford to have a Commander in Chief at war with the very intelligence agencies that are re-sponsible for keeping our country safe. Whatever his motivation, President- elect Trump must clearly and un-equivocally join Republicans and Democrats who seek answers. We need a bipartisan, independent commission to uncover the truth about Russian hacking, and we need all of our leaders to support it. It is time Mr. Trump’s Twitter side-show comes to an end. It only confirms what many of us feared during the campaign—that he is temperamentally unfit to be President. We must be united in protecting the integrity of our elections against Russians and all foreign influence. Now, Mr. Speaker, let me get to the underlying bills. I rise in strong opposition to this rule, which provides for the consider-ation of H.R. 26, the REINS Act, under a structured process, and for H. Res. 11, a resolution objecting to a recent United Nations Security Council reso-lution on Israel, under a completely closed process. Before I get into discussing the mer-its of the bill, Mr. Speaker, I would like to first express some serious con-cern with the process used to rush this legislation to the floor. The deadline for amendments to be submitted to the Rules Committee was 10 a.m. on Tues-day. That is 2 hours before Members were sworn in and before the 115th Con-gress officially began. Now, it is true that some of the amendments that were received after the deadline were made in order for consideration on the floor. But, really, is this the way we want to begin the consideration of leg-islation in this session of Congress? All Members should have had the oppor-tunity to review the legislation and offer thoughtful amendments to the REINS Act. Wouldn’t it have been something to have considered this bill under an open process? If you hadn’t wanted to have done that, maybe you could have waited a couple of days be-fore you brought it to the floor so that everybody, especially the freshmen, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.023 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H115 January 5, 2017 
would have had an opportunity to evaluate it, and maybe they would have had some good ideas that they would have wanted to offer. But, here we are, right out of the gate, limiting the process and prohibiting Members from offering their ideas on the floor. Mr. Speaker, we have a process for reviewing rules promulgated by the ex-ecutive branch. Congress should—and, indeed, can—examine regulations. Not all regulations are perfect. There are such things as bad regulations, and we should get rid of the ones that don’t work. There is no debate on that. We have the ability to override regulations with new laws, and we have reauthor-izations, appropriations, spending limi-tations, oversight hearings, investiga-tions, GAO audits and studies, and the Congressional Review Act, just to name a few. We have a process that can and should work, but, because my Re-publican friends don’t always get what they want, they want to undermine that process. I don’t think my Republican col-leagues are really interested in a thoughtful review of these regulations. In fact, I find it hard to believe that this Republican Congress even has the capacity to utilize the process that is outlined in this bill so as to consider the 100 or so regulations—some of which are highly technical and would require experts in specialized fields to analyze—that could come up in any given year; but I guess that is the point. This bill would make it nearly impossible to implement much-needed regulations that ensure consumer health and product safety, environ-mental protections, workplace safety, and financial protections, just to name a few. It would be a dream come true for in-dustry and the wealthy, well-connected Republican donor class who, for exam-ple, are interested in blocking all at-tempts to rein in Wall Street, to com-bat climate change, or to protect work-ers and their public health. One simply needs to look at the intensive lobbying that has gone into fighting these regu-lations and supporting antiregulation legislation like the REINS Act—groups like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Koch brothers, the American Pe-troleum Institute, just to name a few. Industry groups already use their seemingly unlimited resources to delay and prevent commonsense regulations from taking effect by tying rules up in court. This bill is just one additional tool for the wealthy and powerful to delay and destroy commonsense con-sumer protections. In short, this bill is not about cre-ating jobs, so nobody should be fooled. It is about rewarding special interests, plain and simple. It is about making it more difficult to rein in Wall Street, to control polluters, or to protect work-ers. But this is in keeping with the phi-losophy of the Republican majority, so no one should be surprised. I urge my colleagues to strongly oppose this ef-fort. Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me just say a few words about the closed rule on H. Res. 11, the resolution condemning U.S. abstention on Israel at the U.N. Secu-rity Council. The peace and security of the State of Israel are priorities for every Mem-ber of Congress. Let us not try to ob-scure or confuse that truth. I can’t think of any Member of this House who doesn’t support peace in the Middle East and a safe and secure Israel. We may disagree about how to achieve those goals. Most of us believe that a two-state solution that provides peace, security, and prosperity to all of the peoples of the region—Israeli, Pales-tinian, and their Arab neighbors—is the best option to securing a just, last-ing, and durable peace. I have always voted in support of eco-nomic and military aid for Israel, but this does not mean that I always agree with the policies of a particular gov-ernment in Tel Aviv. Sometimes I have been critical of the Israeli Government just as I am often critical of my own government and of other governments in the region. For the past four decades or more, the United States, under Republican and Democratic Presidents alike, has strongly opposed the expansion of set-tlements and the demolition of Pales-tinian homes. This has been a bipar-tisan consensus. We oppose the settle-ments as a violation of basic human rights; we oppose them as creating ob-stacles to a lasting two-state solution; and we oppose their rapid expansion as potentially creating a reality on the ground that, therefore, closes any pos-sibility of a two-state solution. Since 1967, under Presidents Johnson, Nixon, Ford, Carter, Reagan, George H. W. Bush, Clinton, George W. Bush, and Obama, the United States has voted in favor or has abstained on more than 50 U.N. Security Council resolutions that are critical of Israel, including resolu-tions on settlements or the demolition of Palestinian homes. Of the more than 30 abstentions that have been cast by the U.S. over nearly five decades, only one was cast by the Obama administra-tion—just one. H. Res. 11 does not precisely express that fact accurately. It implies that the U.S. always opposes or vetoes such regulations when that is hardly the case, nor does U.N. Security Council Resolution 2334 impose a solution on Israel outside of direct bilateral nego-tiations to end the conflict. Some of us who are strong supporters of Israel have difficulties with some of the wording in H. Res. 11 on a straight-forward factual basis. Yesterday, in the Rules Committee, I offered an amendment to allow this House to debate a substitute offered by our colleagues, Congressman D
AVID P
RICE, Congressman E LIOT ENGEL , who is a cosponsor of H. Res. 11, and Con-gressman G
ERRY CONNOLLY . The Price- Engel-Connolly amendment expresses the House’s strong support for Israel, a two-state solution, and direct negotia-tions between the parties to the con-flict. It is reasonable and balanced and is very much deserving of debate and this House’s attention. Regrettably, the Republican major-ity on the House Rules Committee re-jected allowing that amendment to be brought before the House and debated. Instead, it decided to begin this new year and this new Congress with yet another closed rule—in fact, the second closed rule this week with no debate, with no thoughtful alternatives, and with no ability of the Members of this body to deliberate such serious issues and choose between alternative pro-posals—just politics, politics, politics, politics as usual. I urge my colleagues to reject this rule and to please send a clear message to House leaders that we would like to be able to debate reasonable alter-natives and amendments to bills, like the Price-Engel-Connolly amendment. If we don’t start out the year demand-ing fairness and openness in our de-bates of important issues then I don’t want to even speculate as to what the rest of the year will look like. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I do appreciate my colleague’s con-cerns. I think it is interesting to note, though, that, if he were concerned about a closed rule, there were many of us who were very concerned about a closed voice from America at the U.N. Security Council in not defending Israel. Also, on the other subject here, when we look at this going forward, there was a substitute that was actually of-fered in support of a resolution that does take a stand against what hap-pened. It was not even mentioned in the substitute resolution. Mr. Speaker, I yield 21⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ), a fellow member of the Rules Committee. b1300 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to share my strong support for this rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, there is no greater friend to the United States than Israel. Israel is a beacon of hope in a very dan-gerous part of the world. They are an important economic and military part-ner of the United States, and they play a critical role when it comes to fight-ing radical Islamic terrorism. Given the importance of the U.S.- Israel relationship, I was deeply dis-appointed to see the United States re-cently passed a flawed anti-Israel reso-lution that will only make it more dif-ficult to achieve peace in the Middle East. Even more disappointing was the fact that the United States just stood by and did nothing as it happened. In-stead of vetoing the resolution, the United States Ambassador abstained from voting at all. In other words, the United States turned its back and looked the other way as the U.N. passed a flawed resolu-tion attacking Israel. This represents a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.025 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH116 January 5, 2017 
dangerous break in a longstanding and bipartisan policy to protect our sole democratic ally in the region from one- sided resolutions at the U.N. Let’s be clear, this resolution does absolutely nothing to make peace more likely in the region. Instead, it mud-dies the water and only further com-plicates what is already a very complex issue. No solution to the ongoing problems with Israel and the Palestinian Author-ity is going to come from an inter-national body like the United Nations telling them what to do. Any real solu-tion must come through negotiations between the involved parties. Honestly, given the many blunders of the Obama administration on the world stage, I guess this most recent action shouldn’t be all that surprising. But this action is one of the most irrespon-sible acts ever by an outgoing Presi-dent. It will be a dark stain on an al-ready disastrous legacy. By abstaining and allowing this reso-lution to pass, the Obama administra-tion has upset decades of bipartisan policy as it relates to Israel and put a pathway to peace even further out of reach. Now is the time to be standing up for Israel, not turning away from them. It is my hope and my belief that under President-elect Trump the United States will once again stand arm in arm with Israel, and this resolu-tion is an important step in that direc-tion. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I hope that my colleague from Ala-bama uses some of that passion to con-vince the President-elect to stop cozying up to Vladimir Putin, who is no friend of democracy, no friend of Israel, and no friend of human rights. All we are trying to do here, Mr. Speaker, is to have a little democracy on the House floor. People can vote whichever way they want to vote. But the Rules Committee last night, stay-ing true to form, actually denied us the ability to bring to the floor and debate an alternative, which we think is, quite frankly, more appropriate. Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge that we defeat the previous question. If we do, I will offer an amendment to the rule that will make in order H. Res. 23, the David Price-Eliot Engel-Gerry Con-nolly resolution, to provide an alter-native viewpoint. Mr. Speaker, this resolution again was blocked by the Rules Committee, right along party line. Republicans said ‘‘no’’ to an open debate, even though it complies with all the rules of the House. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to dis-cuss the proposal, I yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the distinguished gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this closed rule and the underlying res-olution. Mr. Speaker, there is a legitimate de-bate to be had concerning U.N. Secu-rity Council Resolution 2334 and the United States’ decision to abstain, but H. Res. 11 does not engage on those issues. Instead, it misrepresents the motives of the Obama administration as it made the tough decision to ab-stain, and it distorts the content of the U.N. Security Council resolution, ap-parently for political purposes. In fact, H. Res. 11 runs a real risk of under-mining the credibility of the United States Congress as a proactive force working toward a two-state solution. As we enter a period of great geo-political uncertainty, that principle has never been more important. In the face of new threats to democracy and stability, we must join together to re-affirm the most fundamental tenets of our foreign policy, including our strong and unwavering support for Israel. But we must also demonstrate to the world that we are still committed to diplo-macy that defends human rights and promotes peace. In an effort to make that unifying af-firmation, I, Mr. E
NGEL , and Mr. C ON-
NOLLY offered an amendment in the Rules Committee yesterday in the na-ture of a substitute for H. Res. 11. Our substitute was intended to put forward clear, consensus language that omitted the flaws of the underlying legislation and reaffirmed America’s longstanding commitment to Israel and to peace in the region. Our alternative didn’t attempt to solve all the region’s problems. We didn’t pass judgment on recent events at the United Nations. In fact, those of us working on this resolution have varying views on that question. Nor did our resolution include politically charged attacks on the foreign policy priorities of the other party. Instead, our resolution is carefully designed to allow a broad, bipartisan consensus to speak in one voice in sup-port of a two-state solution as the most credible pathway to peace. Unfortunately, this substitute amendment was not made in order by the Rules Committee, which instead moved forward with the closed rule we have before us. The alternative resolu-tion has now been introduced sepa-rately as H. Res. 23, and it is available for cosponsorship. Today, however, we don’t have that before us because of this rule. Members don’t have the opportunity to vote on this or any other resolution that accurately affirms both our vital relationship with Israel and the long-standing bipartisan consensus that supports a viable two-state solution. Instead, we are presented with an ex-treme resolution that badly distorts the history—and we have heard that again here this morning—and that recklessly maligns U.S. diplomacy, all to embarrass the Obama administra-tion for political gain. It is not worthy of this body. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question, ‘‘no’’ on the rule, and ‘‘no’’ on the underlying resolution. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ), the distin-guished chairman of the Rules Com-mittee. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OL-
LINS), a bright young member of the Rules Committee who today is offering the rule on two very important issues that face this great Nation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule. I rise in support of the work that the Rules Committee did for the right reason and I will yield the right re-sults. The American people spoke on No-vember 8, and they asked for change, a change from business as usual. Mr. Speaker, that does mean you can look at geopolitical facts and draw a conclu-sion as opposed to geopolitical facts and ignore things that happen in the world, and that is exactly what we are doing here today. The American people no longer want unelected bureaucrats promulgating rules. They no longer want Washington to be so important in their lives. They want and need to be able to have an op-portunity to make their own decisions and to work well within the law. They have spoken; and they want what I be-lieve the Republican House, the Repub-lican Senate, and a Republican Presi-dent will bring to the country. It is called accountability. The REINS Act, sponsored by Mr. C
OLLINS today, addresses many of the issues that I just discussed. The legis-lation requires that a joint resolution must be approved and must be passed by both Chambers of Congress and signed by the President before any major new rule or regulation is pro-mulgated by the executive branch be-fore it can take place. These are rules written by the Congress, rules then as-sociated and determined by the execu-tive, but with the intent of Congress to make sure that the American people are not further harmed. Now, Mr. Speaker, we have just heard an opportunity to discuss what was— this discussion that we are having about Israel and the administration. The bottom line is that the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Rep-resentative E
DROYCE , came before the committee yesterday and said he really did not take issue with what they were doing. He would not support it because it did not address the problem that oc-curred when the Obama administra-tion, for political purposes, hung the people of Israel and the State of Israel out for the world to condemn and take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.027 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H117 January 5, 2017 
advantage of. It bypassed years and years of American foreign policy. It stunned not only Members of Congress, but it also stunned people who recog-nize that Israel is in a fight for their life. Mr. Speaker, we did not, based upon the determination of the Rules Com-mittee, make in order the bill that they had asked for. They can bring it to the floor today, and we are not going to make it available because it does not even discuss the basic facts. That is, the President of the United States unilaterally allowed the State of Israel, who is a dear friend of the United States, to be hung out in the political and the economic world and the world of foreign affairs to be tar-nished and taken advantage of. Mr. Speaker, we are here to say that we were appalled by what our govern-ment did and we are going to stand up and call it for what it is. America should always be a trusted friend to Israel, and we are doing exactly that here today. Mr. Speaker, I predict an over-whelming vote that will take place today to enunciate what we believe is correct and also what was wrong. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The distinguished chairman of the Rules Committee said that the Amer-ican people don’t want business as usual. Yet, here we are on this opening week and what we see is business as usual, more Putin-like, closed rules coming to the floor. The 113th and the 114th Congresses were the two most closed Congresses in the history of the United States. Here we are beginning the new session with, again, this closed process. The Speaker, on opening day, made a promise to uphold the rights of the mi-nority. Well, you know what? That means that the minority ought to be able to be heard on the House floor, that we ought to be able to bring amendments and substitutes to the floor. Yet, we get rejected time and time again. This is not the way the most delib-erative body in the world should be run. This is not the way Congress should be run. By closing down this process the way the majority does, it does a great disservice to the American people Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I stand in opposition to this rule, which was pushed through the Rules Committee as a closed rule and did not make in order an amendment, which I support, offered by my colleagues, Mr. P
RICE, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , and Mr. E NGEL . Their amendment, like H. Res. 11, ob-jects to the U.N. Security Council Res-olution 2334, which I believe was an un-fair and one-sided resolution that placed undue blame upon the State of Israel for the impasse on peace negotia-tions. Like the Obama administration, I am frustrated by the lack of progress in re-cent years toward achieving a two- state solution to the Israeli-Pales-tinian crisis. However, I do not believe that the resolution passed by the Secu-rity Council contributes in any way to positively moving this process along. Let’s not mistake the fact that the Palestinian Government, which cur-rently includes the terrorist faction Hamas, has done little to support peace negotiations. By refusing to publicly recognize Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state, condoning terrorist ac-tivity and pursuing unilateral actions at international institutions in viola-tion of the Oslo Accords, the Palestin-ians have continuously placed road-blocks to achieving peace. Let me be clear, the ongoing settle-ment activity sanctioned by the Israeli Government is also counterproductive to the peace process. If the Israeli Gov-ernment wants to remain a beacon of freedom and democracy in the Middle East, they must recommit themselves to achieving a peaceful two-state solu-tion where a Jewish Israel exists peace-fully with the Palestinian state. With the events of recent years, I am extremely fearful that the two-state solution is, if not dead, in critical con-dition. There are those within both the Israeli and Palestinian Governments who are actively working to ensure its demise. I think, as Members of Con-gress who strongly support Israel, we should be doing everything we can to convey to both the Israelis and the Pal-estinians that we will not stand by and watch them torpedo the hope of a peaceful solution to this crisis. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the rule governing these pieces of legislation and, in par-ticular, the underlying legislation, the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny, or REINS Act, H.R. 26. Mr. Speaker, during the first two terms that I have served in this Con-gress, the most common question posed to me by my constituents in central and eastern Kentucky is: What is the biggest surprise that you have con-fronted as a Member of Congress? Regrettably, Mr. Speaker, the big-gest surprise that I have discovered as a Member of Congress is that Congress is no longer in charge. Regrettably, unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats in the executive branch run the coun-try. b1315 Most of the laws that are enacted in this country at the Federal level come out of unelected bureaucrats in admin-istrative agencies in the executive branch. Members of Congress, even though we are elected by the American people to be the lawmaking branch under Article I of the Constitution, we can’t stop it. We can’t stop these rules and regulations. So I am proud to have consistently supported the REINS Act because it re-asserts the powers of this body and this Congress under Article I of the Con-stitution, which provides: ‘‘All legisla-tive powers herein granted shall be in-vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and a House of Representatives.’’ What does this mean? The most important word in Article I of the Constitution is that first sub-stantive word, ‘‘all,’’ implying that none of the legislative powers should be in any other branch of the Federal Government, and it certainly shouldn’t be exercised by the executive branch. We know this as the nondelegation doc-trine, the principle that Congress may not and should not delegate its admin-istrative power to administrative agen-cies. The nondelegation doctrine forces a politically accountable Congress to make policy choices rather than leave this to unelected administrative offi-cials. Yet what we have seen over the last several decades, and especially over the last 8 years, has been the rise of an unaccountable, out-of-control ad-ministrative state. Over time, legisla-tive powers that are vested exclusively in Congress by the Constitution have been increasingly and unconstitution-ally claimed, assumed, and exercised by the executive branch. Now unaccountable, unelected bu-reaucrats decide how you work, what goods and services you can buy and sell, and what you can do with your own property, all without account-ability at the ballot box. So this state of affairs is fundamentally in conflict with the foundational, constitutional principle that Congress alone possesses the Federal legislative power. Look, this has enormous economic consequences. It is costly to our econ-omy, and I don’t have to go into that. The estimates are $1.8 trillion in costs to the American economy. But the big-ger issue is that none of these rules from these agencies have been ap-proved—let alone, even considered—by Congress, even though they have a pro-found impact on the economy. So the measure we are considering today would simply require those regulations with the greatest economic impact to be approved by both Houses of Congress prior to their implementation. This has two positive outcomes. First, obviously, it has the effect of blocking costly rules. Secondly, and more importantly, it will no longer allow Members of Congress to delegate their constitutional responsibility to the executive branch. I will conclude, I heard my friend, the gentleman from Massachusetts, make the argument that Congress is not even interested in these regula-tions and we are not capable of seri-ously reviewing these rules. This is about making sure that experts with specialized expertise in the executive branch review and promulgate these rules. But what are we doing here if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.028 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH118 January 5, 2017 
that is true? We should turn out the lights, lock the door and leave, and give the keys of the government to the executive branch. We had a Democratic administration over the last 8 years. We have a Repub-lican administration coming. This is not about Republicans and Democrats. This is not a partisan issue. This is about the integrity of the institution of Congress. Let’s stand up for the Con-gress and pass the REINS Act. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding and for his steadfast commitment to ensur-ing global peace and security. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule and H. Res. 11, which is a flawed and misguided effort as cur-rently written. Let me be clear: H. Res. 11 would undermine longstanding and bipartisan U.S. policy on a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian con-flict. This resolution is deeply flawed because it does not accurately portray U.S. policy on Israeli settlements. What is worse, this resolution com-pletely mischaracterizes the United Nations Security Council resolution and the United States’ abstention vote. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the Rules Committee shamefully rejected an al-ternative introduced by Congressman P
RICE, Congressman C ONNOLLY , and Congressman E
NGEL , which reflects current U.S. policy that would have re-affirmed our commitment to a nego-tiated and peaceful two-state solution. This is the only pathway to peace and security. It is appalling—but really, it is not surprising—that Republicans pushed through a closed rule and hur-ried this to the floor. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, the lack of a debate is a disgrace. But you know what? There are some of us here who are not going to be gagged. There are some of here who are going to speak our mind, and there are some of us here who are going to put forth our views. That is our constitutional responsi-bility. We have the right to debate, whether you agree or disagree. It is really, really a very sad day for our de-mocracy when bills like this come to the floor with rules like this which don’t allow debate. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am so glad that the gentlewoman just got a chance to debate herself on the floor and to use that freedom of speech. That is what this floor is for. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS). Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Georgia for yielding. I rise today to support this rule and to express my strong disapproval of President Obama and his administra-tion’s refusal to veto the anti-Israel resolution adopted by the United Na-tions Security Council on December 23, 2016. Since its establishment, Israel has worked tirelessly to forge peace with its neighbors. They have sought nei-ther violence nor conflict. In fact, the territories discussed in the misguided U.N. resolution were areas Israel gained in self-defense during the 1967 Six-Day War. These areas include the Old City, with the Temple Mount and Western Wall, areas that, thousands of years ago, were the origin of the Israeli culture, heritage, and religion. Israel did not seek to take this land. Rather, when threatened by their Arab neighbors in 1967, they were forced to act in self-defense and repel these at-tacks. Since that time, Israel has suc-cessfully reached peaceful agreements with many of the Arab countries who, at that time, sought to wipe them off the map. Israel is the only thriving democracy in the Middle East who practices and protects human rights regardless of ethnicity, gender, religion, or citizen-ship. Additionally, the State of Israel has been committed to implementing initiatives to promote economic growth in the region, including cre-ating opportunities for Palestinians and others. Israel is a shining example of taking care of those who are around them, even as they face constant threat of violence and terrorist at-tacks. I have been appalled over what has taken place under the direction of President Obama and Secretary Kerry and others within the administration. In response, I also introduced a resolu-tion condemning these intolerable ac-tions. By failing to direct the United States to veto the one-sided, anti- Israel U.N. Security Council resolu-tion, the President turned his back on Israel and, as a result, turned his back on America. The anti-Israel resolution adopted by the U.N. Security Council threatens peace and stability in the Middle East. It will most likely incentivize further violence and radical boycotts. While President Obama and Sec-retary Kerry’s long list of foreign pol-icy failures has been well-documented over the years, none to date have been this deliberate and calculated. That is why I have come to the floor to support Chairman ROYCE ’s bipartisan resolu-tion. As Republicans and Democrats alike have expressed their contempt for the President’s lack of action, I look for-ward to working with my colleagues and President-elect Trump in cor-recting President Obama’s anti-Israeli tactics as we work to form a stronger bond with Israel and as we work to pro-mote peace in the Middle East. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to say to Mr. R
OSS, my friend, I agree with just about every single thing you say about the great State of Israel, but I disagree with you about this resolution. Let me explain why. Israel is a Jewish democratic state. It has been our strong ally. We have supported it through thick and thin, most recently with a $38 billion appro-priation for their security over the next 10 years. I supported that. But this question that we face fundamen-tally comes down to whether we are going to support a two-state solution or move toward a one-state solution. The bottom line here is that settle-ment activity, every settlement that is made—600,000 settlers living in the West Bank and Jerusalem—makes it ever-more difficult to achieve that two-state solution. President Obama, in his abstention on that veto, was acknowledging what has been the policy of this country. Ronald Reagan was opposed to settle-ments. You know, you get a family that settles anywhere, but in the West Bank, they put down roots. They are good people. They have a belief that the West Bank belongs Biblically to Israel. That is their view. Many politi-cians, including Netanyahu, appear to be embracing that. That is not the international position. It is not the unified position in Israel. Many folks in Israel think the settlements are a threat to the possibility of achieving the secure borders and the security of Israel and the maintenance of it as a democratic Jewish state. Mr. Speaker, there is another issue. With 600,000 settlers, with 4.5 million Palestinians in the West Bank and also living in the State of Israel and 6.5 mil-lion Jewish members of the State of Israel, the demographics, long term, are going to reach a tipping point where there could be more Arab voters than there are Jewish voters, and then the State of Israel will have to make the decision Jewish or democratic. I want the State of Israel to continue to be that Jewish and democratic state that it is, and that is why I oppose this resolution. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am privileged to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ). Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, nothing unites Indiana’s Sixth Congressional District quite like the simple phrase, ‘‘we must stand with Israel.’’ Through-out most of my rural district that has far more Christian churches than syna-gogues, Hoosiers are united in their support of the Jewish state. Hoosiers, myself included, were deep-ly distressed when the Obama adminis-tration stood silent as our great ally was demonized by the U.N. Israel is our most important friend in the region, and among America’s best partners in the world. President Obama’s silence and defection from Israel was uncon-scionable, and he has made our ally less safe and peace less likely. I am eager to vote today to send a strong signal to the world that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.030 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H119 January 5, 2017 
American people reject the U.N.’s one- sided, shortsighted U.N. Security Coun-cil resolution, and the American people stand united with Israel. I urge my col-leagues to support the rule and the un-derlying bill. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, Israel is a special place in a troubled and storied landscape, sacred ground for three of the world’s major regions. Israel’s security is important to me and the people I represent. The Jewish homeland is the only democracy in this broader region of continuing conflict. I abhor the terrorist acts. Israel’s secu-rity merits our support, which is why the Obama administration, with Con-gress’ approval, just awarded an un-precedented amount of military aid over the next 10 years. But, unfortunately, Israel’s future is being threatened by its own actions as well as by its adversaries. For years, reckless settlement expansion has been opposed by the United States and the rest of the world. They are confiscating Palestinian land in a way that is not just contrary to longstanding Amer-ican policy, but is often illegal under Israeli law. It looks like the incoming Trump ad-ministration is reconsidering 50 years of bipartisan policy, urged on by the extremist views of his proposed Ambas-sador whose position on settlement ex-pansion is on the fringe of even Israeli politics. H. Res. 11 sends the wrong signal to the incoming President, to Israeli poli-ticians, and especially to the Israeli people. It drives a wedge between Israel and the majority of Americans, includ-ing the majority of Jewish Americans. It weakens that special relationship and furthers the isolation of Israel, in evidence as the resolution was ap-proved unanimously by the other 14 countries. Israel will become more vul-nerable and, candidly, it will likely embolden forces that are hostile to the Jewish state. Instead of this resolution, we should reject the rule and support the resolu-tion I cosponsored with Mr. P
RICE that reaffirms our commitment to the long-standing American policy in support of a two-state solution and to help secure Israel’s future as a stable, democratic, peaceful state. b1330 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I support the REINS Act and the rule that brings it to us, but I want to underscore the point made earlier by Mr. B
ARR. The REINS Act says that any regula-tion—that is, an act with the force of law—adopted by the executive branch and costs more than $100 million must then be approved by Congress to take effect. As necessary as this bill is in the cur-rent environment, I am afraid it has got it completely backwards. Under the Constitution read on this floor today, it is not the role of the executive branch to make law and for the legisla-tive branch then to approve or veto it. Quite the contrary, making law is the singular prerogative of the legislative branch; the executive then approves or vetoes that law. The REINS Act is necessary solely because for years Congress has improp-erly ceded its lawmaking powers to the executive, and it is time we restored the proper role of the legislative branch to make law and for the execu-tive branch to faithfully execute it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Mr. M
CGOVERN , for his leadership and for managing this rule. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in opposi-tion to the closed rule for H. Res. 11. Ranking Member E
NGEL , Mr. P RICE, and I have submitted an amendment to H. Res. 11 when it came before the Rules Committee. Our amendment of-fered a balanced approach and strongly reaffirmed longstanding, bipartisan principles that undergird U.S. policy on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. We introduced that amendment as a rea-sonable alternative that would allow all of us to convene the broadest pos-sible bipartisan coalition here in the House. Personally, I believe the U.S. should have vetoed the U.N. Security Council resolution, and, notably, our resolution supported the U.S. veto of any one- sided or anti-Israel U.N. Security Council resolution or any resolution that seeks to impose a resolution to the conflict. Our resolution also condemned boy-cott and divestment campaigns and sanctions that target Israel, and it re-iterated support for a negotiated set-tlement leading to a sustainable two- state solution that reaffirms Israel’s right to exist as a democratic, Jewish state. We all agree that there can be no substitute for direct bilateral negotia-tions between Israel and the Palestin-ians. As we transition into a new ad-ministration and begin this new Con-gress, we should resist temptations to rewrite U.S. policy on the peace proc-ess in a misguided attempt to further drive a wedge where none should exist. The point of H. Res. 11 seems to be to bash Obama on the way out, and the fact that there are distortions on his-tory and fact seem not to bother us. On this point, I would note that H. Res. 11 mentions settlements but makes no at-tempt to reaffirm longstanding U.S. opposition to those very settlements. It is more important now than ever that Congress maintain its consistent, bipartisan policy toward the conflict. We believe the carefully constructed language in our resolution did just that, but we were not allowed the op-portunity by the Rules Committee to bring it before the floor for a vote. So I urge my colleagues, especially my Democratic colleagues, to vote ‘‘no’’ on H. Res. 11 and the rule and to support and cosponsor H. Res. 23, a much more bipartisan and balanced ap-proach. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST), who is a great new Member. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Georgia for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because the current administration has literally undermined peace with their shameful failure to veto U.N. Resolution 2334. Condemning Israel is condemning the most peaceful country in the Middle East, and it is done simply to appease Palestinians—a group that has been historically defined by their responsi-bility for terror—and this does not bring us one step closer to peace. I can tell you that after defending freedom in the U.S., I chose to volun-teer alongside the Israeli Defense Forces because our countries do share the uncommon ideals of freedom, de-mocracy, and mutual respect for all people. During my time with the IDF, I did learn at the tables of Israeli fami-lies just how much each one of them truly desire peace. By failing to veto this hateful U.N. resolution, the administration has sent a terrible message. We must counter this underhanded condemnation of Israel with a unanimous show of sup-port today for H. Res. 11. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, this House contains many friends of Israel, Republican and Democratic. Indeed, as long as I’ve been here, I have never found an enemy of Israel in this House. Certainly that friendship was very ap-parent when only a few weeks ago President Obama approved giving Israel $38 billion of American tax money in military assistance. But like the Knesset in Jerusalem, we some-times do disagree about what the best way is to ensure peace and security, and lively debate is important to that. Unfortunately, this rule is about sti-fling Knesset-style debate. It restricts and denies any amendment and any al-ternative. This strict limitation on de-bate and this surprise presentation of today’s measure with no public hearing and little warning show how fearful our Republican colleagues are of a legiti-mate discussion of this troubling issue. This is a horrible way to make critical foreign policy. It is only a step above doing it by tweets, which seems to be the approach of the day. Today’s resolution, which purports to support Israeli security, actually un-dermines that security. It favors going it alone with the current Israeli Gov-ernment in defiance of our other allies and the 14 countries that unanimously voted for this Security Council meas-ure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.031 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH120 January 5, 2017 
Isolation—more and more isolation— is not the way to protect Israel. Those who demonstrate their friendship with Israel by following Mr. Netanyahu on one right turn after another are boxing in America and Israel. He is moving us further and further to the extremes so that we eventually go off a cliff into chaos. As Tom Friedman noted in urg-ing a negotiated two-state settlement: ‘‘A West Bank on fire would become a recruitment tool for ISIS and Iran.’’ Vote for peace. Reject this resolu-tion. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH ), who is another freshman that we wel-come to the floor. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule and the underlying REINS Act because I was sent to Congress to help hard-working Hoosiers create jobs, keep jobs, and raise wages. As a small-busi-ness owner myself, I understand how difficult it is to build a business in to-day’s economy, and I want the Hoosiers of Indiana’s Ninth Congressional Dis-trict to have control over their futures without fear of unaccountable govern-ment bureaucrats with political agen-das creating regulations to restrict their pursuit of success. I believe the REINS Act will ensure the constituents in Indiana’s Ninth District will not only have a voice, but also a choice in the laws that govern this great Nation. Hardworking Hoo-siers are shining examples of what Americans can do with the freedom to make their own economic decisions, and I don’t want unelected bureaucrats in Washington impeding the job-cre-ating growth of Indiana’s and Amer-ica’s businesses. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the rule and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bill. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ), who is an-other new face that is looking forward to making a difference here. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I support this rule and the underlying legislation. Today the Federal Government’s rules exceed 97,000 pages—the most in American his-tory. So we ask ourselves: Do we really need 20 pages of rules governing vend-ing machines? Could we cover fuel standards in less than 578 pages? Would the Union crumble if we didn’t have 61 pages of regulations on residential de-humidifiers? Each of these rules has compliance costs that exceed $100 million. In my home State of Florida, we passed a version of the REINS Act. The result has been repeal or replacement of over 4,000 job-killing regulations. We can only make America great again if we make Americans free again—free from the tyranny of unelected Wash-ington bureaucrats huddled in windowless cubicles dictating to Amer-icans how they should live their lives, build their businesses, and protect their own property. Voters sent us here to drain the swamp, but with so many regulations, we would be lucky to get permission to mop up a puddle. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to address you and my privi-lege to be recognized by the gentleman from Georgia. I wanted to address this rule, and I share some of the sentiment that came from the gentleman from Massachu-setts. I like to have open rules. I like to have open debates. I would like to have more than one debate on what we might do with this resolution that is before us. I would like to have a debate on the one-state solution versus the two-state solution because I believe that the two-state solution has run its course and we need to pack up our tools, ship those off to the side, and start all over again with a new look. I believe we needed to have a resolu-tion that refreshes this in such a way that it completely rejected Resolution 2334, that vote that took place in the United Nations and said to the Trump administration: Let’s start this fresh with a new look rather than a direction of being bound by implication to a two- state solution. But that is not what we have ahead of us. What we have ahead of us is a resolution that has come to the floor under a closed rule that sends a lot of a good and right message to the rest of the world that America and the United States Congress reject what happened in the United Nations the other day and that decision to abstain from that vote. On the other hand, we really don’t have the focus here to take on the rest of this issue. I am hopeful that we will. I will be introducing a resolution later today that addresses the two- state resolution in a way I would like to have done it with a resolution here. As I said to the gentleman from Cali-fornia, it is not my intent to blow up his bill or his initiative. I want to see the best success we can on what is going on here today. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ), who is the distinguished chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, the problem with this U.N. resolu-tion is not simply that it criticizes Israeli actions; it is that it is fun-damentally one-sided. It is anti-Israel, and that is a departure from long-standing, bipartisan U.S. policy. U.N. Security Council Resolution 2334 does not address the Palestinian Authority’s failure to end incitement of hatred. Frankly, they encourage it. The violence that we see against Israeli civilians comes from the encourage-ment of PA officials. It doesn’t address the Palestinian Authority’s continued payments. An incentive payment in their budget—over $300 million a year— is paid to those who would carry out attacks against Israeli civilians. The more mayhem you create, the longer the term you have in prison, the larger the stipend. That comes right out of the budget of the Palestinian Author-ity. The U.N. resolution did not call upon Palestinian leadership to fulfill their obligations towards negotiations. The Middle East Summit is planned next month. So, first, the administration abstains on this, and next month in France there is real concern that an-other damaging Security Council reso-lution should follow. That is why this dangerous policy must be rejected, hopefully unani-mously, by this House. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this rule. It is not fair. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so that Mr. P
RICE, Mr. E
NGEL , and Mr. C ONNOLLY can bring up their alternative to H. Res. 11. Mr. Speaker, let me say, finally, that I am deeply concerned that the institu-tion of Congress has been undermined time and time again by this tendency to be overly restrictive and outright closed. We are supposed to be the greatest deliberative body in the world, but the problem is we don’t deliberate very much. Everything that is brought to this floor tends to be a press release substituting for legislation. b1345 There is no bipartisanship. There is none. There is no working together. There is none. And that is unfortunate. I think one of the messages of this last election for the American people was they want to see things happen here. Not just whatever the Republicans want or whatever the Democrats want, they want us to see us working to-gether. I served here as a staffer during a time when there was collegiality, when Republicans and Democrats came to-gether and passed appropriations bills and authorization bills and passed major reform bills. That doesn’t hap-pen anymore. On the issue of regulatory reform, I think you can actually get a consensus on regulatory reform. There is nobody in this House that thinks the regu-latory process is perfect. The problem is, when you bring a bill to the floor that is so one-sided, that is poorly written, that is impractical, we can’t support it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.050 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H121 January 5, 2017 
On the issue of Israel, we could have come to a consensus, I think, and spo-ken with one voice to show our unwav-ering support for the State of Israel. But instead, we have a bill that comes to the floor that is politically charged—I think that is very clear, based on the tone of some of the speeches here today—but also has fac-tual errors in it. The frustration level has grown to the point where some of us in the mi-nority have taken to protesting. We had a sit-in in response to the fact that we couldn’t get legislation to the floor that said if you are on a terrorist list, you can’t fly, then you can’t buy a gun, and a bill that called for universal background checks. We thought we had a promise to be able to bring some of this to the floor. My friends could have voted against it. But we were told, no, you don’t even have the right to debate these bills. I am going to say to my colleagues sincerely that, unless things change, you are going to see the discord, the anger, and the frustration build on this side of the aisle, and you are going to see it build throughout the country. There is a reason why people hold Congress in such disdain. It is because they see this place not as an institu-tion where we can solve problems but as a place where it is all about obstruc-tion or ‘‘my way or the highway.’’ This is a lousy way to start the new year. Please vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question and vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. It is amazing to me some of the stuff that I have just heard, Mr. Speaker, just in the last few minutes. And I ap-preciate my friend across the aisle, but the debate that we have been having here is amazing. So that is something I want to talk about, but also something that came up, just to take a few steps down the road. It had been mentioned many times here on the floor today that a unani-mous vote by the Security Council in some way implies that it was right or that it was proper. I am sorry, the groupthink of the United Nations Secu-rity Council on this issue was wrong. The one that was left silent was the beacon of freedom to the world, the United States, and instead of engaging, instead of working as we have in the past abstained or voted against, there have been times when we actually, as my friend said a moment ago, Mr. Speaker, worked together. When that did happen in the past, there were times in which Israel and the U.S. worked together to soften or change, and we had, at that point in time, something that—not liked, but some-thing that could be lived with. In this case, it was nothing Israel said. This is bad. America turned its back. Where was the voice? It was silent. Where was the voice? We voted absent. That is not what the leader of the free world should do. That is not what the leader of the free world should do to his closest ally in the Middle East. That is why we are talking about this. There are other things we can discuss today. There are other discussions on two-state solutions on another case on the settlement, but the bottom line here is that it goes deeper than the other issues. The deeper part here is that we simply sat silent while the world mocked and criticized our strongest ally, Mr. Speaker. So don’t talk to me about working together. I get it. But where was the working together on this? It was ab-sent. A unanimous vote, especially of the United Nations Security Council, using that as your justification, I think we need to talk. But also, Mr. Speaker, when we come to the end, regulatory environment, the REINS Act is simply saying: Con-gress, do what Congress is supposed to do. Congress, work as the voice of the American people. Work for the voice of helping companies start and create jobs. Work with the American people to relegate them forward instead of moving backward. The REINS Act simply says: let’s do our job here. Not the ones who are closed off from input but the folks who are elected to come to this place, to come to these hallowed halls and de-bate what we are talking about today: debate the regulatory environment, de-bate the environment. When we do that, then that is what we need to do. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the rule and the under-lying bill. I oppose this rule because it makes in order H.R. 26, the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny (REINS) Act, which is a rad-ical measure that could make it impossible to promulgate safety regulations to protect the public. I oppose this rule because it would effec-tively shut down the entire U.S. regulatory sys-tem, amending in one fell swoop every bed-rock existing regulatory statute. The legislation is clearly designed to stop all regulation dead in its tracks—no matter the threat to health, safety or the economy. It would neuter the current system’s reliance on science, expertise, and public participation in developing regulations. H.R. 26 would reshape the regulatory sys-tem to work as it did in the 19th Century, be-fore the abuses of the robber barons led Con-gress to create a modern and more efficient system to protect public health and safety. The REINS Act would require both houses of Congress to approve any major rule within a limited period of time in order for it to take effect. Effectively, this would allow either house of Congress to block rules simply through inac-tion, even when an existing statute required action. The legislation would disempower every fed-eral agency, effectively rendering their rule-making activities advisory opinions with no force of law. Under REINS, even rules to handle emer-gencies could be in effect for only 90 days ab-sent Congressional approval. H.R. 26 is so grossly slanted against regula-tion that it will allow lawsuits to proceed against any regulation Congress could actually manage to approve. And the latest version of the bill delays its effective date for a year so that any Trump Administration efforts to repeal existing regula-tions would not get caught up in the REINS Act trap—another indication that the REINS Act would be expected to stop any regulatory action from moving forward (because repeal-ing regulations must be done through regula-tion, so repeals would in fact trigger REINS.) In addition to representing an overwhelming threat to the public, H.R. 26 is also bad for business. The legislation would require businesses to have to lobby Congress for each and every significant regulatory change they wanted—no matter whether those were new regulations, changes in regulation or repeal; no matter whether the regulatory issues involved dis-putes between different industries; no matter how technical the issues involved. H.R. 26 would, in fact, make the regulatory system less predictable for industry and would disadvantage any industry that did not have a large political presence. It is difficult to exaggerate how fundamen-tally this alarming piece of legislation would change American government and how hard it would make it to protect the public. This legislative effort is the ultimate give-away to special interests. Under H.R. 26, any special interest could simply use its political clout in one chamber of Congress to sideline such vital public protec-tions as limiting the amount of lead in chil-dren’s products, preventing salmonella con-tamination in eggs, reducing emissions of toxic air pollutants or banning predatory banking practices. The REINS Act constitutes the ultimate overreach as well, not only because of the im-pact it would have, but because Congress al-ready has ample tools to control the regulatory system. Congress is already vested with the author-ity to vote to block a specific regulation at any time. And regulation is permitted only pursuant to statutes that Congress has passed and can amend or repeal. Under current law, agencies must keep a record of their interactions with industry and other entities interested in the regulatory proc-ess and provide a clear record of their deci-sion-making (which often must be able to hold up in court). Because agencies often take years to re-view the scientific and technical evidence rel-evant to a decision, throwing every final deci-sion to Congress would undermine this entire process. In addition, courts can review regulations and an elaborate public process that can stretch out for years must be followed to issue a regulation. Instead, under this legislation, Congress would have to make relatively rapid decisions, often behind closed doors, and it would not be legally held to any standard of technical re-view. Businesses would no longer have an incen-tive to cooperate with agencies and provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.036 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH122 January 5, 2017 
arguments and evidence because they could just take their chances with the political proc-ess, which they would no doubt try to influ-ence with campaign contributions. Ultimately, decisions on regulations would be determined solely by political horse-trading among Members of Congress. Agencies issue 50 to 100 major rules a year dealing with everything from Medicare reim-bursement to railroad safety to environmental protection. But, under H.R. 26, Congress would have 70 legislative days to second-guess each and every decision covered by the Act. Because failure to take action would kill any safeguard, Congress would be forced to hold hearings in a short time on technical issues— or worse, forgo hearings and race the 70-day clock with even less information and debate. This body has already allowed backlog to clog the channels of its current docket, and this legislation would require that as many as 100 additional measures come to the floor. This is not an effort to drain the swamp; this is a divisive and manipulative tactic employed to clog the drain. Mr. Speaker, make no mistake about it, this merry-go-round legislative scheme and the ir-responsibility of the House majority in wasting time trying to shut down the entire regulatory system (because it cannot win through time- honored, Constitutional legislative processes) entirely disregard the administrative public support efforts in place to protect food safety, air and water quality and to limit the manipula-tion of our economic system by special inter-ests. The REINS Act is tantamount to a coup—a right-wing takeover to block future agency ac-tions regardless of public desires. The exceptional Americans we serve de-serve a Congress that does its job and keeps our time-honored institutions functioning. For these reasons and more, I oppose this rule and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 22 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN OF MASSACHUSETTS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon the adoption of this resolution the House shall proceed to the consideration, without intervention of any point of order, in the House of the reso-lution (H. Res. 23) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives and reaffirming long-standing United States policy in sup-port of a negotiated two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. The resolu-tion shall be considered as read. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the resolution and preamble to adoption without intervening motion or demand for division of the question except one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of House Resolu-tion 23. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 235, nays 188, not voting 10, as follows: [Roll No. 9] YEAS—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—188 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.016 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H123 January 5, 2017 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Becerra Collins (NY) Davis, Danny Gallego Lawson (FL) Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rush Zinke 
b1412 Messrs. NADLER and AL GREEN of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. GRAVES of Missouri changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 9. (By unanimous consent, Mr. M
CCAR-THY was allowed to speak out of order.) 
RECOGNIZING TIM BERRY  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, when we as Members of Congress are first elected, before we are sworn in, before we introduce our first bit of legisla-tion, the first thing we do is begin to hire, to form a team, and much of the success that happens on this floor is a lot of work that is done behind the scenes by our staff. They do a tremen-dous job for this country in the public service they provide. I personally count myself blessed to have had Tim Berry as my chief of staff for the whole time I have been in lead-ership. Today is his last day on our floor. Tim has had 18 years of service in this institution. He has been in other leadership offices. He went into the pri-vate sector, but when I got elected ma-jority whip, I asked him if he was will-ing to come back. Tim has always demonstrated polit-ical wisdom, personal resolve, dedica-tion, but, most importantly, distinct moral clarity. He has been here in some of the most difficult times in this institution. He was in the office when people were ac-tually shot when an intruder came and took lives in this institution. He has worked on legislation, he has worked on friendships, and he has worked across the aisle. But if there were one thing I would define this man as, it is a family man. Today, we are lucky to have his wife, Lisa, and daughter, Maeve, in the gal-lery with us. And to his other children, Ella and Chris, I want to thank you for your sacrifice on loaning your father. For every dinner he has missed, or every phone call he had to take, or maybe that one or two lacrosse games he couldn’t coach, I want to thank you. But to Tim, I want to thank you for your dedication, I want to thank you for your friendship, and I want to wish you the very best on behalf of a very grateful nation and institution. Thank you. Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. MCCARTHY. I yield to the gen-tleman from Maryland, my colleague, the minority whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the majority leader, Mr. M
CCARTHY , for yielding. I rise to thank and to pay tribute to Tim Berry. Mr. Speaker, the American public sees us so often when we are con-fronting one another—disagreeing strenuously sometimes and disagreeing sometimes disagreeably. What they don’t see is the staff working with staffs across the aisle in a constructive effort to reach consensus and to move democracy forward. What they don’t see is the collegiality that is engen-dered through the years between staff who have the responsibility of ensuring not only that their Members have full knowledge of what is being considered and their advice and counsel, but also of assuring that there is positive com-munication across the aisle even when we disagree. Tim Berry has been one of the most adept, most cordial, most positive, and most effective staffers in effecting that end. We Members sometimes mask how effective our staffs are. I am sure they will lament that from time to time. Tim Berry, I want you to know—we are very proud—is from Silver Spring, Maryland. He grew up in Silver Spring and grew up in our State. Tim Berry is a proud son of our State. Yes, he is a Republican; yes, he has been on staff on the other side of the aisle; but he is an American first, who has cared about his country, who has cared about this institution, and who has cared about showing respect and concern for staffs on both sides of the aisle. I have had a number of chiefs of staff, one of whom is Cory Alexander, now the vice president of UnitedHealth. Cory Alexander and Tim are good friends. They worked together very constructively when Tim was with Tom DeLay. Mr. MCCARTHY is in that office, and I had the privilege of using that office for 4 years. There was never a time when we walked down that hall-way that we didn’t think of Detective Gibson losing his life and Officer Chest-nut losing his life outside that door. Tim Berry was there to serve. Tim Berry served, notwithstanding the dan-gers that were self-evident. Lisa is in the gallery and his children who have been mentioned by Leader M
CCARTHY . Young people, you can be extraordinarily proud of your dad. I know, Lisa, you are as well. He has made this institution a better institu-tion. He has made the relationship be-tween the parties more positive in times when it was greatly strained. Tim, thank you. Thank you for your service to the Congress, thank you for your service to the country, and thank you for your service to each and every one of us. God bless you and Godspeed. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). Without objection, 5- minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 231, noes 187, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 10] AYES—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.003 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH124 January 5, 2017 
Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Becerra Buchanan Butterfield Collins (NY) Gallego Meeks Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rice (SC) Richmond Rush Vela´zquez Walberg Zinke 
b1430 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECU-TIVE IN NEED OF SCRUTINY ACT OF 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 26. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 22 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 26. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1433 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 26) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, with Mr. H
ULTGREN in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, regulatory reform plays a critical role in ensuring that our Nation finally achieves a full eco-nomic recovery and retains its com-petitive edge in the global market-place. Congress must advance pro- growth policies that create jobs and re-store economic prosperity for families and businesses across the Nation and make sure that any administration and its regulatory apparatus is held ac-countable to the American people. America’s small-business owners are suffocating under mountains of end-lessly growing, bureaucratic red tape; and the uncertainty about the cost of upcoming regulations discourages em-ployers from hiring new employees and expanding their businesses. Excessive regulation means higher prices, lower wages, fewer jobs, less economic growth, and a less competitive Amer-ica. Today, Americans face a burden of over $3 trillion per year from Federal taxation and regulation. In fact, our Federal regulatory burden is larger than the 2014 gross domestic product of all but the top eight countries in the world. That burden adds up to about $15,000 per American household—nearly 30 percent of average household income in 2015. Everyone knows it has been this way for far too long; but the Obama admin-istration, instead of fixing the problem, has known only one response: increase taxes, increase spending, and increase regulation. The results have painfully demonstrated a simple truth: America cannot tax, spend, and regulate its way to economic recovery, economic growth, and durable prosperity for the American people. Consider just a few facts that reveal the economic weakness the Obama ad-ministration has produced. In the De-cember 2016 jobs report, the number of unemployed workers, workers who can only find part-time jobs, and workers who are now only marginally attached to the labor force stood at 9.3 percent. They number 15 million Americans. America’s labor force participation rate remains at lows not seen since the Carter administration, and median household income is still below the level achieved before the financial cri-sis, which is after the entirety of the Obama administration. The contrast between America’s cur-rent condition and the recovery Ronald Reagan achieved as President is par-ticularly stark in that, 41⁄2years after a recession began in 1981, the Reagan administration, through policies oppo-site to those of the Obama administra-tion’s, had achieved a recovery that created 7.8 million more jobs than when the recession began. Real per cap-ita gross domestic product rose by $3,091, and real median household in-come rose by 7.7 percent. To truly fix America’s problems, the REINS Act is one of the simplest, clearest, and most powerful measures we can adopt. The level of new major regulation from the Obama administra-tion is without modern precedent. Tes-timony before the Judiciary Com-mittee during recent Congresses has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.005 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H125 January 5, 2017 
plainly shown the connection between skyrocketing levels of regulation and declining levels of jobs and growth. The REINS Act responds by requiring an up-or-down vote by the people’s rep-resentatives in Congress before any new major regulation, which is defined in the bill generally as a rule that has an effect on the economy of at least $100 million, can be imposed on our economy. It does not prohibit new major regulation. It simply establishes the principle: ‘‘no major regulation without representation.’’ The REINS Act provides Congress and, ultimately, the people with a much-needed tool to check the one-way cost ratchet that Washington’s regu-latory bureaucrats too often turn. Dur-ing the 114th, 113th, and 112th Con-gresses, the REINS Act was passed multiple times by the full House of Representatives, each time with bipar-tisan support. I thank Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia for reintroducing this legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote for the REINS Act. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I listened intently to my colleague’s opening remarks, and he seemed to try to justify the passage of the REINS Act, which I rise in opposition to, by the way, by saying that it has been the Obama administration’s job-killing regulations that have put our economy in its position, which is one that is not good. Despite trying to convince the Amer-ican people of that allegation, the American people are aware of the facts. They are aware of the fact that, 8 years ago, when President Obama came into office and under a Republican steward-ship that used trickle-down economics as its model, this economy neared that of the Great Depression’s. In fact, we call it the period of the Great Reces-sion. This country almost went into a depression, and it went into a Great Recession because of George Bush’s and the Republicans’ policies of trickle- down economics, which Daddy Bush— George Herbert Walker Bush—once re-ferred to as ‘‘voodoo economics,’’ and he was right about that. Let’s look at where we were then and look at where we are now and ask our-selves: Are we not better off now than we were then? There are not many voices that could say, No, we are not better off now than we were then, because they know, since then, there have been 81 straight months of positive private sector job growth. They know that over 15.6 million new jobs have been added to our economy by President Obama. They also know that 30 million more people have health insurance and access to the healthcare system now than they did back then. They know that regulations had to ensue from the passage of the Affordable Care Act in order to enable those 30 million people to have cov-erage now. That is why they want to introduce this legislation to cut regu-lations. They want to try to hurt the Affordable Care Act. They also know that regulations had to spring forth from the Dodd-Frank, Wall Street reg-ulation, legislation that was passed in this body. They know that those regu-lations have protected the finances and the financial security of Americans who are doing far better now than they were 8 years ago when President Obama took office. The American people know that they are much better off now. They know that bankruptcies have gone down. They know that foreclosures have gone down. They know that they have better jobs. They know that things are better now than they were back then. You will remember and the American people will remember that on the very day of President Obama’s first inau-guration, M
ITCH MCCONNELL and a cabal of Republicans met from both the House and Senate, crying in their beers at a Capitol Hill bar. They embarked on a strategy to—what?—make sure that President Obama would be a first- term President. So they resolved to op-pose everything that he proposed, and they certainly did. Despite unprece-dented opposition from the Repub-licans’ just saying ‘‘no’’ to everything, the American people know that they are in a better position today than they were at this time 8 years ago when coming into the Obama adminis-tration. The Republicans want to introduce legislation to do away with the rules and the regulations concerning the Af-fordable Care Act and the Dodd-Frank legislation, which has protected the fi-nancial security of Americans over the last 8 years. That is why they come for-ward with this so-called jobs bill. This regulatory reform bill called the REINS Act is not going to produce or create one single job. What it will do is cut measures to protect the health, safety, and well-being of Americans. b1445 This misguided legislation would amend the Congressional Review Act to require that both Houses of Congress pass and the President sign a joint res-olution of approval within 70 legisla-tive days before any major rule issued by an agency can take effect. In other words, this bill would subject new major rules to nullification by Con-gress through an unconstitutional leg-islative veto by one Chamber of Con-gress. Following Republican attempts ear-lier this week to gut ethics and over-sight rules that are necessary to police corruption, it is telling that the REINS Act is the next bill that the House would consider in the 115th Congress. Americans should understand what the game plan is of the Republicans. They want the fox to guard the henhouse. That is why the very first act that they tried to get passed was reform of the House ethics regime. They wanted to neuter it, place it under the control of the Republican-controlled House Eth-ics Committee, where it would then languish and die like a prune on a vine that was unwatered. That is the first thing they came up with, and the American people called them on it and wouldn’t let them pass it. So they have postponed it. America needs to keep their eyes on this Con-gress to make sure that they don’t fol-low through with that measure that would install the foxes over the hen-house. What they want to do is install the corporate foxes over America’s henhouse with this REINS Act. The REINS Act is central to the Speaker’s so-called Better Way agenda, which is really only a better way for rich, corporate elites to further insu-late themselves from public account-ability and is emblematic of the same tired and crony-capitalist proposals that have been kicked around by oppo-nents of environmental and public health protections since the 1980s. In fact, in 1983, Chief Justice John Rob-erts, who was then a counsel to Presi-dent Reagan, criticized a similar pro-posal as unwise because it would hob-ble agency rulemaking by requiring af-firmative congressional assent to all major rules and would seem to impose excessive burdens on the regulatory agencies. In addition to being an unmitigated disaster for public health and safety, proposals like the REINS Act will ac-tually do major harm to regulatory re-form attempts, as the late Justice Antonin Scalia wrote in 1981. Then a professor at the University of Chicago Law School, Justice Scalia cautioned: ‘‘Those in the Congress seem per-versely unaware that the accursed ‘unelected officials’ downtown are now their unelected officials, presumably seeking to move things in their desired direction; and that every curtailment of desirable agency discretion ob-structs (principally) departure from Democrat-produced, pro-regulatory status quo.’’ Now, it is not often that I quote Jus-tice Scalia, but, ironically, I do so today. The REINS Act also imposes dead-lines for the enactment of a joint reso-lution approving a major rule that could charitably be referred to as Byz-antine. So as not to use too lofty lan-guage, I will just declare that this thing is like throwing a monkey wrench in a well-oiled machine. Under new section 802, the House may only consider a major rule on the second or fourth Thursday of each month. In 2014, for example, there were only 13 such days on the legislative cal-endar. I think on the legislative cal-endar for 2017, there are only about 13, maybe 14 or 15, such days where we could consider these major rules on this legislative calendar. I would point out that there are approximately 80 such rules of importance that come through in a typical year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.043 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH126 January 5, 2017 
Furthermore, under new section 801, Congress may only consider such reso-lutions within 70 legislative days of re-ceiving a major rule. This creates a lot of red tape that threatens to end rule-making as we know it, and that is the exact, precise intent of this Congress. Even if agencies reduce the number of major rules in contemplation of a bill’s onerous requirements, Congress would still lack the expertise and policy jus-tifications for refusing to adopt a major rule. As over 80 of the Nation’s leading professors on environmental and ad-ministrative law noted in a letter in opposition to a substantively identical version of this bill, without this exper-tise, any ‘‘disapproval is therefore more likely to reflect the political power of special interests, a potential that would be magnified in light of the fast-track process.’’ Lastly, by flipping the process of agency rulemaking so that Congress can simply void implementation by not acting on a major rule, the REINS Act likely violates the presentment and bi-cameralism requirements of Article I of the Constitution. It is my pleasure to oppose this bill. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do the same. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ), the chair-man of the Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Anti-trust Law. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of the REINS Act. I would like to thank my col-league from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) for taking charge of this bill in the 115th Congress and Judiciary Chairman G
OODLATTE for quickly bringing it to the floor. This week and next, the primary focus of debate here in the House is the stranglehold of regulation on the econ-omy and its intrusion into the every-day lives of Americans. These onerous burdens are well-known to Members of Congress on both sides. Over the past several years, I have spent countless hours traveling across the nearly 6,600 square miles of my dis-trict. I have met with my constituents in their homes, in their workplaces and social halls. They have pleaded with me for release from the regulations that limit their ability to prosper, in-novate, and grow. Unlike the nameless, faceless, ever- growing bureaucracy here in Wash-ington, we have listened to the people’s concerns. We have made regulatory re-form a priority and the focal point for jump-starting our economy. By placing final approval of major regulations in the hands of Congress, the REINS Act is an important launch point in our ef-forts to dismantle the administrative state and make government more ac-countable to the American people. Our Founders vested in Congress— and Congress alone—the power to write the laws. Unfortunately, over our his-tory, we have delegated much of that power away. The Founders could not have imagined our current scenario where the complaints of many fall on the deaf ears of an unelected few in Washington. Thinking over the past 8 years, the REINS Act could have prevented nu-merous regulations that the American people knew were threats to their very way of life. Perhaps a trillion dollars in costs could have been avoided. I cannot even imagine how many jobs might have been saved or created if we avoid-ed the regulatory barrage brought on by the Obama administration. For example, we could have pre-vented the waters of the United States regulation that impacts the farmers near my home in rural Pennsylvania. The FCC’s net neutrality rule might have been overturned, a classic rule-making bait and switch where the FCC ignored the mountains of public com-ment to achieve its own political ends. An unaccountable sum of environ-mental regulations might have been avoided before destroying large swaths of our industry and imposing huge costs on taxpayers. Our prime takeaway from these in-stances and others is that the runaway regulators issued wide-ranging and economy-destroying regulations with complete disregard for the hard-working American citizens whose live-lihoods were at stake. Today we take an important step to reassert the voice of the American peo-ple in our government. The REINS Act reestablishes the Congress as the final judge of whether or not any particular regulation actually does what the Con-gress meant it to do. Returning this responsibility to the branch of government most attentive and accountable to the people adheres to the principles of our Nation’s found-ing. It is an effort that all elected to Congress should support. I urge my colleagues to support the REINS Act. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 5 minutes to the eloquence of the gentleman from the great State of Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ), my friend out of the great city of Memphis. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I don’t know if I can live up to those words, but I certainly appreciate them. I was the ranking member on this committee, and I was chair at one point. We have had this bill over the years. It is indeed a monkey wrench or a monkey in the wrench, as J
OHN M
CCAINmight have said. It will mess up the entire system that we have of Congress passing laws, delegating, giv-ing the executive the ability to enact them in ways that make them func-tional and appropriate and come up with the details that the Congress does not have enough expertise to do. The other side refers constantly to people that prepare these rules—which take many, many years and have much, much input—as bureaucrats, as if it is some type of pejorative. Bureau-crats are government employees who have expertise in certain areas and who study an area and become so much more expert than we are on the subject that they can come up with fine-tuned laws that are checked and balanced to make sure that the laws are imple-mented in the way that Congress in-tends. If Congress doesn’t like it, Con-gress can pass a bill by both House and Senate to repeal it. We have already got that possibility. Under this unique approach, either one of the houses of Congress can stop a regulation, a rule from going into ef-fect because both Houses would have to approve a rule and the President would have to sign it before it could go into effect. That gives one House the ability to veto, basically, an executive action. It is the executive in our system that has the power to veto acts of the legis-lature and not vice versa. We can pass laws in a bicameral spirit, which is what our Constitution has, when the House and the Senate agree. But nei-ther House, independently, is given any power to veto laws or legislation. This would break that and, I believe, be un-constitutional. That is why I oppose H.R. 26, the Regulations from the Exec-utive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2017. Indeed, the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act is most appropriate this year as we start, because in 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020, we are, indeed, going to have an executive in need of scrutiny. So I thank the Republicans for naming this bill appropriately because we are, indeed, in the times of an Executive in need of scrutiny. We need scrutiny over income tax re-turns that have been hidden from the public that might disclose conflicts of interest or loans from characters that might be considered oligarchs and have some type of an influence over our for-eign policy and our domestic. We need an Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act that deals with these con-flicts, with income taxes that haven’t been released, with businesses in the District where people could go to ho-tels and curry favor with the Execu-tive. Indeed, we do have an Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act, so I appreciate the well-named bill that the Repub-licans have brought us and the aware-ness that, through this bill, they have seen that we need some concern about the Executive coming because he cer-tainly needs scrutiny. b1500 This bill, though, is the worst of cor-porate special interest because it will give corporate special interests the op-portunity to override rules that take effect unless both Houses pass them. It is difficult enough for this House and the Senate to get legislation passed in the days that we often give to legisla-tion, but to have both Houses have to agree, in which case if you can’t, it is, in essence, a pocket veto, and it doesn’t even have to be scheduled for a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.045 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H127 January 5, 2017 
vote because the House would have to positively pass and the Senate posi-tively pass. So if the Speaker doesn’t want to do it, the Speaker can pocket veto the regulation. It doesn’t even have to be scheduled. This is not draining the swamp. It will heighten the influence of cor-porate lobbyists in Congress where they can come to the Speaker and ask that agency rules they don’t like that might protect the lives of children be-cause they are regulations dealing with toys that seem to possibly be defective, or automobiles where they need safety devices, or other consumer protections that interfere with business interests— business is good and important, but sometimes businesses do things that are injurious to the public. To give this opportunity to stop rules and regulations from going into effect that protect the public is wrong. It was suggested maybe it will help the econ-omy, but at what cost? What is one life worth—or several lives—if lives are lost because safety regulations are not approved by this House and the Senate, or one or the other, and then don’t go into effect? As I mentioned, this is seri-ously constitutionally defective. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield the gentleman an addi-tional 1 minute. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, the rank-ing member mentioned Justice Scalia. I will mention Chief Justice John Rob-erts who criticized nearly identical leg-islation in the 1980s when he was a White House lawyer because it would ‘‘hobble agency rulemaking by requir-ing affirmative congressional assent to all major rules’’ such that it would ‘‘seem to impose excessive burdens on regulatory agencies.’’ That was John Roberts. Some of the underlying facts given were about the economy. No matter what you say, President Obama has been effective on the economy. We saved the housing market. We saved this country from the Great Recession. We brought about recovery. That is not something we should disparage but we should praise. The stock market has gone up to record highs. Unemploy-ment is down. Jobs are up. The auto-mobile industry has been saved. I ask Members to reject this bill be-cause it is unconstitutional. It will cost lives of American citizens because safety regulations won’t be passed. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ), a member of the Judici-ary Committee. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, our Founding Fathers intended for us to have a limited government. If they saw what we have today, they would be appalled. Our government has gotten huge. It is out of control, and an alpha-bet soup of government agencies and unelected bureaucrats are writing the laws. They call them regulations, but they have the effect of laws. I am going to disagree with my friend and colleague from Tennessee, any power these agencies have to write reg-ulations was delegated to Congress. We are pulling some of that power back, back to Congress, back to people elect-ed by the people; in fact, to where the Founding Fathers put it in Article I of the Constitution. That is why I am here today, to sup-port the REINS Act. It says that if an agency enacts a regulation that has an economic impact of more than $100 million, that has to come back before Congress for a positive vote before it takes effect. Now, quite frankly, because the Con-stitution vests all of the legislative power in Congress, I think every single regulation that one of these agencies does should have to come back before Congress, but the REINS Act is a great start. Throughout President Obama’s ad-ministration, a flood of regulations has put extreme pressure and burdens on American job creators and American families. Take, for example, the EPA’s waters of the U.S. rule. It is a power grab by the EPA attempting to regu-late any body of water on a private land basically that is any bigger than a bathtub. It goes way beyond what the Clean Water Act says they can do. Using its new interpretation of WOTUS, the EPA has full authority to bully land-owning American citizens like Wyoming rancher Andy Johnson who got a permit from the State and local government to build a stock pond so his cattle could have something to drink. Well, guess what, the EPA said, nope. They came in after the fact and said: if you don’t take that out, we are going to hit you with $37,500 a day in fines. Finally, after drawn-out litiga-tion, the EPA was slapped back and Johnson’s $16 million in fines was erased. This is just one of the many exam-ples of the huge power grab these Fed-eral agencies are doing. We need people who are elected and answerable to the American people writing the laws, not unelected bureau-crats. That is why we need the REINS Act, and that is why we need to restore the constitutional power granted to this body in Article I. The REINS Act is a great start, and I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, my friend from Texas cites Article I giving the legislative branch authority to make the laws, and no one can argue with that. How-ever, I would point out that Article II, section 3 imposes upon the President, the executive, the obligation to take care that the laws are faithfully exe-cuted, and so rulemaking comes up under that authority, that constitu-tional authority. So what we have is a move by the legislative branch to in-trude upon and to indeed regulate. And certainly we have that power to do so. But is it wise? Is it prudent? Or does it simply positively impact our campaign contributors, the people who put money into our campaigns? Is that the sole reason why we are doing this? We need to give care and thought into what we are doing here in Con-gress in this House of Representatives even though one party has all of the power now. They have the majority in the House, they have the majority in the Senate, and they have an incoming President. It doesn’t mean they should go off the rails with a philosophy that is not in keeping with where the Amer-ican people are. I would point out to them that there is no mandate that they have, even though they do have control of the leg-islative branch and the executive branch of government and they have held up, what some say actually stolen an appointment for the U.S. Supreme Court that President Obama was placed in a position to make last February upon the untimely demise of Justice Scalia. So since February, the U.S. Su-preme Court has had to suffer through politics being played by the legislative branch in not confirming a presidential appointee, and now they have the op-portunity to make that appointment under these conditions. Even though they have played loose and fancy with the protections of the Constitution and with the well-being of the American people and indeed our Republic by playing these political games, I would ask my friends on the other side of the aisle to stop and think about what they are doing and the ramifications of it. Even though you want to get at the EPA to make it easier for oil companies to pollute our environment without regulations to prevent it from happening, is that good for our Nation? Is it good for our chil-dren? Is it good for our elderly? How does it leave us with regard to asthma rates which have continued to sky-rocket in this country? Do you want to gut the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform to put us back in the situation where people are losing their homes and banks are being bailed out because they have become too fat to fail? Do we want to put ourselves back in that po-sition again? Well, if we do then we will pass regulations like this one, the so-called REINS Act. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. BISHOP ), a member of the Ju-diciary Committee. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Chair-man, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for all of his leadership on this matter. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 26, the REINS Act, which will restore the constitutional authority of Con-gress and rein in runaway government. Mr. Chairman, as we have seen over the last 8 years, our economy has been strangled by Federal regulations which are burying small businesses and fami-lies. Federal regulations imposed on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.047 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH128 January 5, 2017 
America’s job creators and households created a staggering economic burden of almost $2 trillion in 2014. That is al-most $15,000 per U.S. household, and 11.5 percent of America’s real GDP. But today, the House has an oppor-tunity to cut through the red tape and restore the balance of powers. Eco-nomic growth cannot happen from Washington, D.C., it can only come from Main Street. That is why I ada-mantly oppose unelected and unac-countable bureaucrats issuing their own closed-door regulations in place of congressional regulations. The REINS Act will restore Congress’ Article I powers and give a voice back to the American people. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 26. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, at this time, I am pleased to yield 3 min-utes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. T
ROTT ), currently a member of the Judiciary Committee but soon to move to another committee. Mr. TROTT. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for yielding me the time. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 26, the REINS Act. In a minute, I want to share an experience I had a few months ago which will ex-plain why, aside from the Constitution, I think it is important that we rein in unelected bureaucrats. When we talk about regulatory re-form, it is sometimes hard to under-stand the impact regulations have on our economy. That is for the simple reason that someone who goes in for a job interview never sits there and is told by the employer: I would love to offer you the job, but I can’t because of the crushing regulatory burden coming out of Washington. And that is because the crushing burden of regulations causes the job not to be created in the first place; and, hence, there is no interview for the job. The experience I had a couple of months ago, I was back home, and I met with the Michigan Restaurant As-sociation. There were 8 or 10 folks sit-ting around and telling me about the issues that are important to them. They said they were dying because of the EPA, because of the FDA, because of the EEOC, because of the ACA, be-cause of the overtime rule from DOL, and because of the CFPB. I quickly sur-mised that the restaurant industry is dying, and it is death by acronyms. That is what is happening in this coun-try. That is why we are not creating jobs. If you come in from the airport, you come across the 14th Street bridge and you enter the city, all you see is cranes. There was never a recession in Washington. Today, there are 277,000 people who write and enforce rules in this country in Washington, D.C., and around the country. That is more than the entire employee base of the VA. A few minutes ago, my friend from Tennessee said that all of these great regulations have saved our country. Well, if that had happened, I would have expected a different result on No-vember 8. A few minutes ago, my friend from Georgia, who I was proud to serve on the Judiciary Committee with, talked about all of the problems with our plan. b1515 I say to my colleague, the next time you pull up in front of your favorite Outback Steakhouse restaurant and it is closed, it is not because the cook quit, it is not because of the cost of beef, and it is not because the res-taurant was poorly managed. It is be-cause of death by acronyms. I ask ev-eryone to support H.R. 26. It is time we rein in unelected bureaucrats, follow the Constitution, and create some jobs. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I am sorry to see my friend, Mr. TROTT , leaving the Judiciary Com-mittee. We have appreciated his being there and we hate to see him go, but the gentleman is going on to bigger and better things. I would say to the gentleman that it is surprising to me that the Bloomberg Government reports show that of all of the job cut announcements made by in-dustry during the year of 2016—and that was a year, by the way, which was not unlike previous years. Basically, the Obama administration has created about 1.9 million new private sector jobs per year. I am just startled by this statistic here for the year 2016 as far as the number of job cut announcements by reason. The reason given for govern-ment regulation being responsible for the job cut is 1,580. That is out of 1.9 million new jobs created during the en-tire 2016 year, 1,580 jobs lost due to gov-ernment regulation. That’s almost as many as were lost due to the listeria outbreak, legal trouble, or grain down-turn. Government regulation, 1,580 jobs lost out of 1.9 million created. So this argument that we keep hear-ing from my friends on the other side of the aisle that there is a strangula-tion or a stranglehold on job creation by Obama’s regulations, nothing could be more false than that. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time is remaining on our side? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Vir-ginia has 15 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Georgia has 5 minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for yield-ing. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-port of H.R. 26, the REINS Act. This bill is the beginning of making Amer-ica great again. That is because it puts Americans back in charge of the laws being imposed upon them. How does the legislation do that? Under our Constitution, we have three branches. The executive branch is supposed to enforce the law. The ju-dicial branch is supposed to resolve dis-putes arising under the law. The legis-lature—this House and the Senate, the branch directly elected by the people— is supposed to make the law. Over the last decades, we have seen more and more of the lawmaking in this country migrate to the unelected bureaucrats in the executive branch. Those bureaucrats churn out regula-tion after regulation that have the full force and effect of law. The problem with this setup is that the people of this country are supposed to consent to laws being imposed upon them. They do that through their elected rep-resentatives in Congress. In short, this legislation goes to the heart of what self-rule is all about. Let me be clear: this legislation does not end regulation. It is the beginning of accountability for regulation. If there is a good regulation that a Mem-ber believes makes sense and does not unduly burden jobs and wages, that Member may vote to approve the regu-lation. If the people that Member rep-resents disagree, they get to hold him or her accountable at the ballot box. My colleagues across the aisle should not fear taking responsibility for the laws and regulations coming out of Washington, D.C. Over the last 7 years, Washington regulations have hurt many working families. We have seen coal miners and power plant workers lose good jobs. We have seen small, Main Street community banks and credit unions forced into mergers. We have seen farmers worried about pud-dles on their farms. We have seen peo-ple lose their health insurance and their doctors, and we have seen the Little Sisters of the Poor have their re-ligious freedom threatened—all with-out the consent of the people. It is time for the people, Mr. Chair-man, to put the American people back in charge and not the unelected bu-reaucrats. Let’s take the power away from Washington. Let’s restore self- rule. Let’s pass this bill. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I have just tallied up the number of jobs that would be created by pas-sage of this legislation. I did that by multiplying by eight the figure of 1,580, which is the number of jobs lost due to government regulation in 2016. If I mul-tiply that eight times, I come up with 12,640 jobs. That is how many jobs would be created by this legislation—a paucity. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the REINS Act, legislation that I and many of my col-leagues are proud to have cosponsored to help bring expensive and expansive regulations under control. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.048 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H129 January 5, 2017 
Over the past several years, major regulations have cost small businesses, States, local government, and individ-uals billions of dollars and have cost them jobs. So this is a commonsense bill to enhance transparency and give Americans greater say in their govern-ment, and I thank Representative C
OL-
LINS of Georgia and Chairman G OOD-
LATTE for their leadership on this issue. By requiring Congress to approve any major regulation with an annual eco-nomic impact of $100 million or more on the economy, the bill opens the process so our constituents—the peo-ple—can have their voice heard in the process. I’m also pleased an amendment I of-fered last year, which was accepted by this body, is included in the bill’s base text, section 801. That provision re-quires more transparency by forcing agencies to publish the data and jus-tification they are using to issue the rule. It’s important the American peo-ple have access to the information in which these conclusions are made. Sec-tion 801 directs the regulatory bodies to post publicly the data, studies, and analyses that they use to come up with their rules and conclusions so that we can all be on the same page. Trans-parency. Too often I hear concerns from Iowans about how overreaching regula-tions are hurting their farms and busi-nesses and impacting their daily lives. From how our kids are taught, how we manage our personal finances, or even drain the water in our communities, we have seen how regulations and those who craft them have an enormous im-pact. I hear from constituents how these regulations are out of touch, don’t re-flect the basic, fundamental under-standing of the important sectors driv-ing our economy or the daily lives of Iowans and all Americans. These regu-lations, which have the full force of law, are putting Americans out of work and increasing costs for consumers. The REINS Act is an important, commonsense bill to help address this problem. We must do more. I appre-ciate Chairman G
OODLATTE ’s commit-ment to work with me on my Finger-prints bill to ensure further trans-parency and accountability by naming those who author and write these regu-lations. I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE  and Representative C
OLLINS of Georgia for prioritizing the REINS Act. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, there are approxi-mately 2.8 million civil servants out there. Americans who work for the Federal Government go to work every day. They work hard and play by the rules. They have a good, middle class job. Your jobs are at stake, Federal employees. There are those who say that we have too many Federal employees. Well, the number of Federal employees that we have now is at the same level as they were in 2004, which was when President Bush was in office. Basically we are at a 47-year low, as far as the number of Federal employees, since 2013. The Federal regulatory regime, which is just simply Federal workers— Federal civil servants—is not out of control, but your jobs are going to be lost when these Republicans finish doing what they want to do to these regulations. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for his fine work on this important issue. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of the REINS Act because it fulfills a promise Congress made to American businessowners to get oner-ous regulations off the backs of job cre-ators. It sets a very reasonable standard. If a new regulation has an economic im-pact of $100 million or more, it needs to come to Congress for an up-or-down vote. Congress will then have a say. We will debate the merits, and then we will decide. The Obama administration handed down a record-breaking 600 major new regulations imposing hundreds of bil-lions of dollars in costs on the U.S. economy and millions of hours of com-pliance busywork on the employers and employees across the country. All of that excessive red tape places a huge burden on small- and medium- sized businesses that create jobs in New Jersey, the State I represent, and across the Nation. I have toured quite a few businesses, and the consensus is clear: let American workers innovate, build, and create, and not spend time complying with regulations that are impractical and often a waste of time and money. The REINS Act is constitutional. It does not violate the Chadha doctrine because it does not permit Congress to overturn valid regulations. Also, a joint resolution satisfies the bicamer-alism and presentment requirements of the Constitution. The REINS Act will bring an impor-tant check against out-of-control Fed-eral regulations and foster stronger economic growth. It is an important start to the agenda of the 115th Con-gress, and I urge all of our colleagues to support this important piece of leg-islation. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, how much time do we have re-maining on each side? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Georgia has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Virginia has 9 minutes remaining. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I stand here today with an urgent plea to my colleagues. We were elected by the good men and women of the United States who believe in our vision of America and who believe in our dedica-tion to doing whatever it takes to en-sure the American Dream is alive and achievable. It is for these reasons the REINS Act must pass. Federal regulations imposed on American the job creators and house-holds, an estimated $1.9 trillion burden in 2015. Who pays that? The American citizen does. It costs on an average, as Chairman GOODLATTE  brought up, $15,000 per U.S. household. Could that money be better used to offset the cost of a college education or maybe the staggering cost of health care due to the Affordable Care Act? Let me give you a real-life illustra-tion from my district. A couple of years ago, a constituent, a dairy farm-er, was targeted by an incredibly vague, broad, and costly EPA rule called WOTUS, Waters of the United States. The EPA sued and won this case not due to environmental damage, but due to the vagueness of this rule and the determination in court. It cost my constituent over $200,000 in fines and court costs for a natural depres-sion in his pasture that the EPA deter-mined could qualify as navigable waters. The rule states that any water or any land that becomes seasonably wet is af-fected. I live in Florida. We get 54 inches of rain a year. That is my whole State of Florida. This is downright outrageous. This is just one example of the many times the EPA has overstepped its authority by enforcing vague regulations unfairly on individuals. The REINS Act will pre-vent these costly job-killing regula-tions from going into effect and safe-guard against Federal bureaucrats im-posing the heaviest burdens on the American economy, and this will in-crease the livelihood of the American people. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
ARRETT ). Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the REINS Act, H.R. 26, for any number of reasons. I can’t help but point out that I have heard my esteemed colleagues in oppo-sition to this bill refer on multiple oc-casions to the Federal bureaucracy as a well-oiled machine. Mr. Chairman, there are, indeed, well-oiled machines that undergird this institution, but I would submit the Federal bureaucracy is not one of those. We have heard that the regulatory burden, as it relates to the loss of jobs, is equal to a listeria outbreak. What I would submit is that if we could avoid a listeria outbreak, would we not choose to do just that? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.051 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH130 January 5, 2017 
b1530 While looking at the loss of jobs as related to Federal regulation, we overstep the argument by avoiding the jobs not created as a result of Federal regulations. Should these things also not be amongst the items that we con-sider? A wise man once said that the bu-reaucracy will continue to expand to meet the expanding needs of the bu-reaucracy. In 2017, in the United States, indeed, it seems we find our-selves in that very situation. Arguments that the REINS Act is contrary to the Constitution, I would submit, are actually 180 degrees from the truth. In fact, Article I of the Con-stitution gives the power to make law to this legislative branch of our gov-ernment and gives the power to gen-erate revenue, here, as well as spend. The definition of ‘‘law,’’ according to the Oxford Dictionary, is: ‘‘The system of rules which a particular country or community recognizes as regulating the actions of its members and which it may enforce by the imposition of pen-alties.’’ I will submit that the very regu-latory overreach that we consider here today is, in fact, tantamount to law and extraconstitutional in and of itself. My esteemed colleague from Penn-sylvania suggested, and I agree, that the REINS Act is but a good start. The power to spend is Article I. The power to make laws is Article I. REINS is a rudder on the ship of con-stitutionality that will right that ship and move it only in the correct direc-tion. Regulations that have the power to take liberty or property rights or the wealth of those earned by their own labor are tantamount to law and, indeed, extraordinary constitutionally as it relates to an executive branch en-tity, and they should not be exercised. Mr. Chairman, we hear that the peo-ple’s House is responsible for this and the people’s House is responsible for that. Well, the people’s House is to en-sure that the people have a voice in the matters of spending and lawmaking that our Founders who laid out Article I of the Constitution envisioned, and currently, that is simply not the case. H.R. 26 is simply a step back towards that right direction of constitu-tionality. With that in mind, I strongly support the legislation. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ), my friend. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman just spoke about lib-erty. My friend from Pennsylvania spoke about self-rule. Today we are talking about bureaucrats, but what we really should be talking about is the effect of this bill on our agencies in Homeland Security and our intel-ligence agencies, given the unprece-dented intrusion by the Russians in our elections and other affairs of this Na-tion. If we don’t stay focused on that liberty and the foundation for freedom so that another country doesn’t inter-fere with our affairs, we as Members of Congress are ignoring the oath that we just took 2 days ago. So I would suggest to my friends that I appreciate there can be overregula-tion, but I would suggest you have to look closely at how this bill affects our ability to protect our liberties and our freedom. I am afraid it affects it badly, in the face of interference that we haven’t seen from another country since 1776. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ). Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I come from the private sec-tor; so when I come to the House and I listen to the debate going back and forth, I almost feel like I am somebody not from a different planet, but from a different galaxy. When we talk about overregulation, when we talk about the effects of unelected bureaucrats leveling on the American people $2 trillion and an im-pact to the economy, then somebody ought to sit up and listen. All we are talking about is scrutiny, scrutiny of any piece of legislation, any executive order that comes out that is going to have an impact of $100 million or more on the economy. Around here, $100 million sounds like nothing. From where I am from, it is unbelievable that we would even think that $100 million should be the point that we look at. What could be more common sense than to look at the heavy burden we are putting on everyday Americans and saying that, somehow, unelected bu-reaucrats who have never walked in their shoes, who have never done their job, who have never worried about meeting a payroll, who have never had to worry about regulation and taxation that make it impossible for them to compete, these poor, stupid folks just don’t get it? 705,687 people in your districts are who you represent. Whether they voted for you or not is not the point. The point is we represent them. Why in the world would Congress cede its power to the executive branch and to unelected bureaucrats to determine what the American people are going to be bur-dened with? It is just common sense. Why can’t we not see what is right in front of us right now? I invite you to please go home to your districts, walk in those shops, walk in those little towns, talk to those people and find out the two things that really inhibit them from being successful are overtaxation and overregulation. We can handle both those things right here in the people’s House. This is not a Democratic House. This is not a Republican House. This is America’s House. We should be looking at things that benefit the American people. If we truly want to act in a bipar-tisan way, then let’s stop this back- and-forth debate about what Repub-licans want, what Democrats want, and let’s talk about what is good for the American people. That is who sent us. That is whose responsibility we have on our shoulders. If we can’t do that, we ought to go home. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As far as unelected bureaucrats that we have heard people rail against, speaker after speaker today being con-cerned, those are nothing more than the civil servants that make our gov-ernment work. They protect our water, protect our air. They protect us, as a matter of fact—the FBI, the law en-forcement. These are good people who go to work every day, work hard, like my dad did, for instance. He was a civil servant. I guess you could call him an unelected bureaucrat. He did every-thing during his job that he needed to do, and he retired with dignity. There are so many others who work for the post office. They work for TSA, Homeland Security. They are doing nothing but working a job honestly, and they deserve more than to be re-ferred to derisively. We need them. Mr. Chair, I am in opposition to this legislation. We need real solutions for real problems. In stark contrast, how-ever, the REINS Act attempts to ad-dress a nonexistent problem with a very dangerous solution. We need legislation that creates mid-dle class financial security and oppor-tunity, not legislation that snatches that away. We need sensible regulations that protect American families from eco-nomic ruin and that bring predatory fi-nancial practices to an end. We need workplace safety regulations that ensure hardworking Americans who go to work each day are protected from hazardous environments on the job. We need strong regulations that pro-tect the safety of the food that we eat and the air that we breathe and the water that we drink. Unfortunately, H.R. 26 does nothing to advance those critical goals. This explains why more than 150 organiza-tions strongly oppose this legislation, including Americans for Financial Re-form; the American Lung Association; Consumers Union; The Humane Society of the United States; the League of Conservation Voters; Public Citizen; the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees; Earthjustice; the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards; the American Public Health Association; the Environmental Defense Action Fund; the Center for American Progress; and the Trust for America’s Health. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 26. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. During this debate, my friends on the other side of the aisle have raised quite a few false alarms: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.054 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H131 January 5, 2017 
If this bill passes, all important regu-lation will stop, they say. But that is not true. All regulation that is worthy of Congress’ approval will continue; If this bill passes, expert decision-making will stop because Congress will have the final say on new, major regu-lations, not Washington bureaucrats. That is not true. Congress will have the benefit of the best evidence and arguments expert agencies can offer in support of their new regulations. Congress is capable of determining whether that evidence and those arguments are good or not and deciding what finally will become law. That is the job our Founding Fathers entrusted to us in the Constitution. We should not shirk from it. I will tell you, though, what will stop if this bill becomes law: the endless av-alanche of new, major regulations that impose massive, unjustified costs that crush jobs, crush wages, and crush the spirit of America’s families and small- business owners. Think about what that will mean to real Americans who have suffered the real burdens of over-reaching regulations. Support the American people and lis-ten to the major organizations across the country, which I include in the R
ECORD , who support H.R. 26, the REINS Act. Support the American people. Sup-port the REINS Act. 
SUPPORT FOR H.R. 26, THEREINS A CT American Center for Law and Justice, American Commitment, American Energy Alliance, American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers, Americans for Limited Gov-ernment, Americans for Prosperity—Key Vote, Americans for Tax Reform, Associated Builders and Contractors, Associated Gen-eral Contractors, Club for Growth—Key Vote, Competitive Enterprise Institute, Credit Union National Association, Family Business Coalition, FreedomWorks—Key Vote. Heating Air-conditioning & Refrigeration Distributors International (HARDI), Herit-age Action—Key Vote, Let Freedom Ring, National Association of Electrical Distribu-tors (NAED), National Association of Home Builders, National Center for Policy Anal-ysis, National Roofing Contractors Associa-tion, National Taxpayers Union—Key Vote, R Street, SBE Council, Campaign For Lib-erty. 
SMALL BUSINESS & E
NTREPRENEURSHIP COUNCIL , Vienna, VA, January 3, 2017. Hon. D
OUGCOLLINS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE COLLINS : Serious regulatory reform is needed to revitalize en-trepreneurship, small business growth, our economy, and quality job creation. There-fore, the Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council (SBE Council) strongly supports the Regulations from the Executive In Need of Scrutiny (REINS) Act of 2017. U.S. entrepreneurship and startup activity are in a frail state. While economic uncer-tainty and difficulties accessing capital present barriers to new business formation, excessive government regulation drives un-certainty and creates new obstacles. When the policy ecosystem becomes noxious for startups and small businesses, our entire economy suffers. For existing businesses, overregulation is driving costs higher and undermining confidence, investment and growth. The system is out-of-control, and common sense tools and solutions are needed to rein in the explosive growth of federal red tape. The REINS Act requires that Congress take an up-or-down vote on every new major rule—defined as having an economic impact of $100 million or more—before such a rule could be enforced. This substantive regu-latory reform measure would serve as an im-portant check on the regulatory system, and have a positive effect in terms of how regula-tion affects small businesses, and therefore, consumers, America’s workforce and the economy. The REINS Act will bring needed account-ability to our nation’s regulatory system, and SBE Council thanks you for your leader-ship in spearheading this important legisla-tive effort. Sincerely, KAREN KERRIGAN , President and CEO. 
NATIONAL ROOFING  C
ONTRACTORS ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, January 3, 2017. To All Members of the House of Representa-tives. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE , The National Roof-ing Contractors Association (NRCA) strongly supports the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny (REINS) Act and urges you to support this legislation when it comes to the House floor for a vote. Established in 1886, NRCA is one of the na-tion’s oldest trade associations and the voice of professional roofing contractors world-wide. NRCA has about 3,500 contractors in all 50 states who are typically small, privately held companies with the average member employing 45 people and attaining sales of about $4.5 million per year. The roofing industry has faced an ava-lanche of new regulations from numerous government agencies in recent years. The cu-mulative burden of often counterproductive regulations is highly disruptive to entre-preneurs who seek to start or grow busi-nesses that provide high-quality jobs. Most important, federal agencies have failed to work with industry representatives to pro-vide greater flexibility for employers in achieving regulatory goals and minimizing adverse impacts on economic growth and job creation. NRCA strongly supports regulatory reform to provide small and midsized businesses with much-needed relief from burdensome regulations, and the REINS Act is a key component of regulatory relief. It would re-quire Congress to approve, with an up-or- down vote, any new major regulation issued by a federal agency before the regulation would become effective. Under the REINS Act, a major regulation is defined as any rule that is estimated to have an economic impact of at least $100 million on the private sector; would result in a major increase in costs or prices; and would have significant adverse effects on competition, employment, investment, productivity or U.S. competi-tiveness. NRCA believes the REINS Act, by requir-ing major regulations undergo a vote in Con-gress to become effective, would substan-tially increase accountability among federal agencies seeking to issue new regulations. This legislation would help provide employ-ers in the roofing industry with the cer-tainty they need to invest in their businesses and create more jobs. NRCA supports the REINS Act and urges you to vote for this legislation in the House. If you have any questions or need more in-formation, please contact NRCA’s Wash-ington, D.C., office. DENNIS CONWAY , Commercial Roofers Inc., Las Vegas, NRCA Chairman of the Board. 
ASSOCIATED BUILDERS  
ANDCONTRACTORS , INC., Washington, DC, January 4, 2017. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Asso-ciated Builders and Contractors (ABC), a na-tional construction industry trade associa-tion with 70 chapters representing nearly 21,000 chapter members, I am writing in re-gard to the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny (REINS) Act of 2017 (H.R. 26) introduced by Rep. Doug Collins (R– GA) as well as the Midnight Rules Relief Act of 2017 (H.R. 21) introduced by Rep. Darrell Issa (R–CA). From 2009 to present, the federal govern-ment imposed nearly $900 billion in regu-latory costs on the American people which requires billions of hours of paperwork. Many of these regulations have been or will be imposed on the construction industry. ABC is committed to reforming the broken federal regulatory process and ensuring in-dustry stakeholders’ voices are heard and rights are protected. ABC supports increased transparency and opportunities for regu-latory oversight by Congress and ultimately, the American people. The Obama administration issued numer-ous rulemakings that detrimentally impact the construction industry. In some cases, these regulations are based on conjecture and speculation, lacking foundation in sound scientific analysis. For the construction in-dustry, unjustified and unnecessary regula-tions translate to higher costs, which are then passed along to the consumer or lead to construction projects being priced out of the market. This chain reaction ultimately re-sults in fewer projects, and hinders busi-nesses’ ability to hire and expand. ABC members understand the value of standards and regulations when they are based on solid evidence, with appropriate consideration paid to implementation costs and input from the business community. Federal agencies must be held accountable for full compliance with existing rulemaking statutes and requirements when promul-gating regulations to ensure they are nec-essary, current and cost-effective for busi-nesses to implement. ABC opposes unnecessary, burdensome and costly regulations resulting from the efforts of Washington bureaucrats who have little accountability for their actions. H.R. 26 will help to bring greater accountability to the rulemaking process as it would require any executive branch rule or regulation with an annual economic impact of $100 million or more to come before Congress for an up-or- down vote before being enacted. Moreover, H.R. 21 will further enhance congressional oversight of the overreaching regulations often issued during the final months of a president’s term and help to revive the divi-sion of powers. Thank you for your attention on this im-portant matter and we urge the House to pass the Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny (REINS) Act of 2017 and Midnight Rules Relief Act of 2017 when they come to the floor for a vote. Sincerely, K
RISTEN SWEARINGEN , Vice President of Legislative & Political Affairs. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chair, H.R. 26, the ‘‘Regulations from the Executive in Need of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.055 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH132 January 5, 2017 
Scrutiny Act of 2017,’’ otherwise known as the REINS Act, would amend the Congressional Review Act to require that both Houses of Congress pass and the President sign a joint resolution of approval within 70 legislative days before any major rule issued by an agen-cy can take effect. Simply put, H.R. 26 would impose unwork-able deadlines for the enactment of a major rule under procedures that could charitably be referred to as convoluted. Under this bill, the House may only consider a resolution for a major rule on the second and fourth Thursday of each month. Keep in mind that typically 80 major rules are promul-gated annually. Yet, there may be as little as just 15 days available to consider such meas-ures based on the majority’s legislative cal-endar for the current year. Furthermore, Congress may only consider such resolutions within 70 legislative days of receiving a major rule. This process would constructively end rulemaking as we know it. Now, Mr. Chair, the reason why my friends on the other side of the aisle say we need this kind of gumming-the-works legislation—is be-cause they claim regulations stifle economic growth. For example, they point to the outgoing ad-ministration and say that regulations promul-gated during its tenure have hurt our Nation’s economy. What they fail to tell the American people is that it was the Republican George Bush’s ad-ministration’s economic policies that caused the Great Recession. Without question, it was the lack of regu-latory controls that facilitated rampant preda-tory lending, which nearly destroyed our Na-tion’s economy. It led to millions of home foreclosures and devastated neighborhoods across America. In fact, it nearly caused a global economic melt-down. Nevertheless, as a consequence of strong regulatory policies implemented by President Obama through such measures as the Dodd- Frank Act, our Nation has recovered to a point where the unemployment has been cut nearly in half to less than 5 percent. Yet, the REINS Act would reverse these gains by empowering Congress to control and override the rulemaking process, even in the absence of any substantive expertise. More than 80 of the Nation’s leading profes-sors on environmental and administrative law have warned in connection with substantively identical legislation considered in the last Con-gress, that without this expertise, any congres-sional disapproval is more likely to reflect the political power of special interests. Lastly, by upending the process for agency rulemaking so that Congress can simply void major rules through inaction, the REINS Act likely violates the presentment and bicamer-alism requirements of Article I of the Constitu-tion. As a leading expert on administrative law states: ‘‘The reality is that the act is intended to enable a single House of Congress to con-trol the implementation of the laws through the rulemaking process. Such a scheme trans-gresses the very idea of separation of powers, under which the Constitution entrusts the writ-ing of the laws to the legislative branch and the implementation of the laws to the execu-tive branch.’’ The REINS Act will further encourage cor-porate giants to hold our country hostage through a deregulatory, profits-first agenda and facilitate a political influence process rival-ing the destructive industrial monopolies from the past century. In sum, H.R. 26, like the ‘‘Midnight Rules Relief Act’’ we considered yesterday on the House floor, is yet another blatant gift to big business to weaken the critical regulatory pro-tections that ensure the safety of the air we breathe, the cars we drive, the toys we give our children, and the food we eat. Accordingly, I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this ill-conceived bill. The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 26 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to increase ac-countability for and transparency in the Federal regulatory process. Section 1 of arti-cle I of the United States Constitution grants all legislative powers to Congress. Over time, Congress has excessively dele-gated its constitutional charge while failing to conduct appropriate oversight and retain accountability for the content of the laws it passes. By requiring a vote in Congress, the REINS Act will result in more carefully drafted and detailed legislation, an improved regulatory process, and a legislative branch that is truly accountable to the American people for the laws imposed upon them. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF AGENCY RULEMAKING. 
Chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘CHAPTER 8—CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF AGENCY RULEMAKING ‘‘Sec. ‘‘801. Congressional review. ‘‘802. Congressional approval procedure for major rules. ‘‘803. Congressional disapproval procedure for nonmajor rules. ‘‘804. Definitions. ‘‘805. Judicial review. ‘‘806. Exemption for monetary policy. ‘‘807. Effective date of certain rules. ‘‘§ 801. Congressional review ‘‘(a)(1)(A) Before a rule may take effect, the Federal agency promulgating such rule shall publish in the Federal Register a list of information on which the rule is based, in-cluding data, scientific and economic stud-ies, and cost-benefit analyses, and identify how the public can access such information online, and shall submit to each House of the Congress and to the Comptroller General a report containing— ‘‘(i) a copy of the rule; ‘‘(ii) a concise general statement relating to the rule; ‘‘(iii) a classification of the rule as a major or nonmajor rule, including an explanation of the classification specifically addressing each criteria for a major rule contained within sections 804(2)(A), 804(2)(B), and 804(2)(C); ‘‘(iv) a list of any other related regulatory actions intended to implement the same statutory provision or regulatory objective as well as the individual and aggregate eco-nomic effects of those actions; and ‘‘(v) the proposed effective date of the rule. ‘‘(B) On the date of the submission of the report under subparagraph (A), the Federal agency promulgating the rule shall submit to the Comptroller General and make avail-able to each House of Congress— ‘‘(i) a complete copy of the cost-benefit analysis of the rule, if any, including an analysis of any jobs added or lost, differen-tiating between public and private sector jobs; ‘‘(ii) the agency’s actions pursuant to sec-tions 603, 604, 605, 607, and 609 of this title; ‘‘(iii) the agency’s actions pursuant to sec-tions 202, 203, 204, and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995; and ‘‘(iv) any other relevant information or re-quirements under any other Act and any rel-evant Executive orders. ‘‘(C) Upon receipt of a report submitted under subparagraph (A), each House shall provide copies of the report to the chairman and ranking member of each standing com-mittee with jurisdiction under the rules of the House of Representatives or the Senate to report a bill to amend the provision of law under which the rule is issued. ‘‘(2)(A) The Comptroller General shall pro-vide a report on each major rule to the com-mittees of jurisdiction by the end of 15 cal-endar days after the submission or publica-tion date. The report of the Comptroller General shall include an assessment of the agency’s compliance with procedural steps required by paragraph (1)(B) and an assess-ment of whether the major rule imposes any new limits or mandates on private-sector ac-tivity. ‘‘(B) Federal agencies shall cooperate with the Comptroller General by providing infor-mation relevant to the Comptroller Gen-eral’s report under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) A major rule relating to a report sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall take effect upon enactment of a joint resolution of ap-proval described in section 802 or as provided for in the rule following enactment of a joint resolution of approval described in section 802, whichever is later. ‘‘(4) A nonmajor rule shall take effect as provided by section 803 after submission to Congress under paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) If a joint resolution of approval relat-ing to a major rule is not enacted within the period provided in subsection (b)(2), then a joint resolution of approval relating to the same rule may not be considered under this chapter in the same Congress by either the House of Representatives or the Senate. ‘‘(b)(1) A major rule shall not take effect unless the Congress enacts a joint resolution of approval described under section 802. ‘‘(2) If a joint resolution described in sub-section (a) is not enacted into law by the end of 70 session days or legislative days, as ap-plicable, beginning on the date on which the report referred to in section 801(a)(1)(A) is re-ceived by Congress (excluding days either House of Congress is adjourned for more than 3 days during a session of Congress), then the rule described in that resolution shall be deemed not to be approved and such rule shall not take effect. ‘‘(c)(1) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this section (except subject to para-graph (3)), a major rule may take effect for one 90-calendar-day period if the President makes a determination under paragraph (2) and submits written notice of such deter-mination to the Congress. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) applies to a determina-tion made by the President by Executive order that the major rule should take effect because such rule is— ‘‘(A) necessary because of an imminent threat to health or safety or other emer-gency; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.017 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H133 January 5, 2017 
‘‘(B) necessary for the enforcement of criminal laws; ‘‘(C) necessary for national security; or ‘‘(D) issued pursuant to any statute imple-menting an international trade agreement. ‘‘(3) An exercise by the President of the au-thority under this subsection shall have no effect on the procedures under section 802. ‘‘(d)(1) In addition to the opportunity for review otherwise provided under this chap-ter, in the case of any rule for which a report was submitted in accordance with subsection (a)(1)(A) during the period beginning on the date occurring— ‘‘(A) in the case of the Senate, 60 session days; or ‘‘(B) in the case of the House of Represent-atives, 60 legislative days, before the date the Congress is scheduled to adjourn a session of Congress through the date on which the same or succeeding Con-gress first convenes its next session, sections 802 and 803 shall apply to such rule in the succeeding session of Congress. ‘‘(2)(A) In applying sections 802 and 803 for purposes of such additional review, a rule de-scribed under paragraph (1) shall be treated as though— ‘‘(i) such rule were published in the Federal Register on— ‘‘(I) in the case of the Senate, the 15th ses-sion day; or ‘‘(II) in the case of the House of Represent-atives, the 15th legislative day, after the succeeding session of Congress first convenes; and ‘‘(ii) a report on such rule were submitted to Congress under subsection (a)(1) on such date. ‘‘(B) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to affect the requirement under subsection (a)(1) that a report shall be sub-mitted to Congress before a rule can take ef-fect. ‘‘(3) A rule described under paragraph (1) shall take effect as otherwise provided by law (including other subsections of this sec-tion). ‘‘§ 802. Congressional approval procedure for major rules ‘‘(a)(1) For purposes of this section, the term ‘joint resolution’ means only a joint resolution addressing a report classifying a rule as major pursuant to section 801(a)(1)(A)(iii) that— ‘‘(A) bears no preamble; ‘‘(B) bears the following title (with blanks filled as appropriate): ‘Approving the rule submitted by lll relating to lll.’; ‘‘(C) includes after its resolving clause only the following (with blanks filled as appro-priate): ‘That Congress approves the rule submitted by lll relating to lll.’; and ‘‘(D) is introduced pursuant to paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) After a House of Congress receives a report classifying a rule as major pursuant to section 801(a)(1)(A)(iii), the majority lead-er of that House (or his or her respective des-ignee) shall introduce (by request, if appro-priate) a joint resolution described in para-graph (1)— ‘‘(A) in the case of the House of Represent-atives, within 3 legislative days; and ‘‘(B) in the case of the Senate, within 3 ses-sion days. ‘‘(3) A joint resolution described in para-graph (1) shall not be subject to amendment at any stage of proceeding. ‘‘(b) A joint resolution described in sub-section (a) shall be referred in each House of Congress to the committees having jurisdic-tion over the provision of law under which the rule is issued. ‘‘(c) In the Senate, if the committee or committees to which a joint resolution de-scribed in subsection (a) has been referred have not reported it at the end of 15 session days after its introduction, such committee or committees shall be automatically dis-charged from further consideration of the resolution and it shall be placed on the cal-endar. A vote on final passage of the resolu-tion shall be taken on or before the close of the 15th session day after the resolution is reported by the committee or committees to which it was referred, or after such com-mittee or committees have been discharged from further consideration of the resolution. ‘‘(d)(1) In the Senate, when the committee or committees to which a joint resolution is referred have reported, or when a committee or committees are discharged (under sub-section (c)) from further consideration of a joint resolution described in subsection (a), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for a motion to pro-ceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-tion, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amendment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consider-ation of the joint resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the Senate until disposed of. ‘‘(2) In the Senate, debate on the joint res-olution, and on all debatable motions and ap-peals in connection therewith, shall be lim-ited to not more than 2 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those opposing the joint resolution. A mo-tion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a mo-tion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a mo-tion to recommit the joint resolution is not in order. ‘‘(3) In the Senate, immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a joint reso-lution described in subsection (a), and a sin-gle quorum call at the conclusion of the de-bate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. ‘‘(4) Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate to the procedure relating to a joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be decided without debate. ‘‘(e) In the House of Representatives, if any committee to which a joint resolution de-scribed in subsection (a) has been referred has not reported it to the House at the end of 15 legislative days after its introduction, such committee shall be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the joint resolution, and it shall be placed on the appropriate cal-endar. On the second and fourth Thursdays of each month it shall be in order at any time for the Speaker to recognize a Member who favors passage of a joint resolution that has appeared on the calendar for at least 5 legislative days to call up that joint resolu-tion for immediate consideration in the House without intervention of any point of order. When so called up a joint resolution shall be considered as read and shall be de-batable for 1 hour equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, and the previous question shall be considered as ordered to its passage without intervening motion. It shall not be in order to reconsider the vote on passage. If a vote on final pas-sage of the joint resolution has not been taken by the third Thursday on which the Speaker may recognize a Member under this subsection, such vote shall be taken on that day. ‘‘(f)(1) If, before passing a joint resolution described in subsection (a), one House re-ceives from the other a joint resolution hav-ing the same text, then— ‘‘(A) the joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee; and ‘‘(B) the procedure in the receiving House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House until the vote on passage, when the joint resolu-tion received from the other House shall sup-plant the joint resolution of the receiving House. ‘‘(2) This subsection shall not apply to the House of Representatives if the joint resolu-tion received from the Senate is a revenue measure. ‘‘(g) If either House has not taken a vote on final passage of the joint resolution by the last day of the period described in sec-tion 801(b)(2), then such vote shall be taken on that day. ‘‘(h) This section and section 803 are en-acted by Congress— ‘‘(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and House of Representatives, respectively, and as such is deemed to be part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the pro-cedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution described in sub-section (a) and superseding other rules only where explicitly so; and ‘‘(2) with full recognition of the Constitu-tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as they relate to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. ‘‘§ 803. Congressional disapproval procedure for nonmajor rules ‘‘(a) For purposes of this section, the term ‘joint resolution’ means only a joint resolu-tion introduced in the period beginning on the date on which the report referred to in section 801(a)(1)(A) is received by Congress and ending 60 days thereafter (excluding days either House of Congress is adjourned for more than 3 days during a session of Con-gress), the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘That Congress dis-approves the nonmajor rule submitted by the lll relating to lll, and such rule shall have no force or effect.’ (The blank spaces being appropriately filled in). ‘‘(b) A joint resolution described in sub-section (a) shall be referred to the commit-
tees in each House of Congress with jurisdic-tion. ‘‘(c) In the Senate, if the committee to which is referred a joint resolution described in subsection (a) has not reported such joint resolution (or an identical joint resolution) at the end of 15 session days after the date of introduction of the joint resolution, such committee may be discharged from further consideration of such joint resolution upon a petition supported in writing by 30 Members of the Senate, and such joint resolution shall be placed on the calendar. ‘‘(d)(1) In the Senate, when the committee to which a joint resolution is referred has re-ported, or when a committee is discharged (under subsection (c)) from further consider-ation of a joint resolution described in sub-section (a), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for a mo-tion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amend-ment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or dis-agreed to shall not be in order. If a motion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.006 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH134 January 5, 2017 
to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the Senate until disposed of. ‘‘(2) In the Senate, debate on the joint res-olution, and on all debatable motions and ap-peals in connection therewith, shall be lim-ited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those opposing the joint resolution. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint resolution is not in order. ‘‘(3) In the Senate, immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a joint reso-lution described in subsection (a), and a sin-gle quorum call at the conclusion of the de-bate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. ‘‘(4) Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate to the procedure relating to a joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be decided without debate. ‘‘(e) In the Senate, the procedure specified in subsection (c) or (d) shall not apply to the consideration of a joint resolution respecting a nonmajor rule— ‘‘(1) after the expiration of the 60 session days beginning with the applicable submis-sion or publication date; or ‘‘(2) if the report under section 801(a)(1)(A) was submitted during the period referred to in section 801(d)(1), after the expiration of the 60 session days beginning on the 15th ses-sion day after the succeeding session of Con-gress first convenes. ‘‘(f) If, before the passage by one House of a joint resolution of that House described in subsection (a), that House receives from the other House a joint resolution described in subsection (a), then the following procedures shall apply: ‘‘(1) The joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee. ‘‘(2) With respect to a joint resolution de-scribed in subsection (a) of the House receiv-ing the joint resolution— ‘‘(A) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House; but ‘‘(B) the vote on final passage shall be on the joint resolution of the other House. ‘‘§ 804. Definitions ‘‘For purposes of this chapter: ‘‘(1) The term ‘Federal agency’ means any agency as that term is defined in section 551(1). ‘‘(2) The term ‘major rule’ means any rule, including an interim final rule, that the Ad-ministrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget finds has resulted in or is likely to result in— ‘‘(A) an annual effect on the economy of $100,000,000 or more; ‘‘(B) a major increase in costs or prices for consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, or local government agencies, or geo-graphic regions; or ‘‘(C) significant adverse effects on competi-tion, employment, investment, productivity, innovation, or on the ability of United States-based enterprises to compete with foreign-based enterprises in domestic and ex-port markets. ‘‘(3) The term ‘nonmajor rule’ means any rule that is not a major rule. ‘‘(4) The term ‘rule’ has the meaning given such term in section 551, except that such term does not include— ‘‘(A) any rule of particular applicability, including a rule that approves or prescribes for the future rates, wages, prices, services, or allowances therefore, corporate or finan-cial structures, reorganizations, mergers, or acquisitions thereof, or accounting practices or disclosures bearing on any of the fore-going; ‘‘(B) any rule relating to agency manage-ment or personnel; or ‘‘(C) any rule of agency organization, pro-cedure, or practice that does not substan-tially affect the rights or obligations of non- agency parties. ‘‘(5) The term ‘submission date or publica-tion date’, except as otherwise provided in this chapter, means— ‘‘(A) in the case of a major rule, the date on which the Congress receives the report submitted under section 801(a)(1); and ‘‘(B) in the case of a nonmajor rule, the later of— ‘‘(i) the date on which the Congress re-ceives the report submitted under section 801(a)(1); and ‘‘(ii) the date on which the nonmajor rule is published in the Federal Register, if so published. ‘‘§ 805. Judicial review ‘‘(a) No determination, finding, action, or omission under this chapter shall be subject to judicial review. ‘‘(b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), a court may determine whether a Federal agency has completed the necessary require-ments under this chapter for a rule to take effect. ‘‘(c) The enactment of a joint resolution of approval under section 802 shall not be inter-preted to serve as a grant or modification of statutory authority by Congress for the pro-mulgation of a rule, shall not extinguish or affect any claim, whether substantive or pro-cedural, against any alleged defect in a rule, and shall not form part of the record before the court in any judicial proceeding con-cerning a rule except for purposes of deter-mining whether or not the rule is in effect. ‘‘§ 806. Exemption for monetary policy ‘‘Nothing in this chapter shall apply to rules that concern monetary policy proposed or implemented by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Open Market Committee. ‘‘§ 807. Effective date of certain rules ‘‘Notwithstanding section 801— ‘‘(1) any rule that establishes, modifies, opens, closes, or conducts a regulatory pro-gram for a commercial, recreational, or sub-sistence activity related to hunting, fishing, or camping; or ‘‘(2) any rule other than a major rule which an agency for good cause finds (and incor-porates the finding and a brief statement of reasons therefore in the rule issued) that no-tice and public procedure thereon are im-practicable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest, shall take effect at such time as the Federal agency promulgating the rule determines.’’. 
SEC. 4. BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF RULES SUB-JECT TO SECTION 802 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 257(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS OF RULES SUBJECT  
TO SECTION 802 OF TITLE 5 , UNITED STATES  
CODE .—Any rules subject to the congres-sional approval procedure set forth in sec-tion 802 of chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, affecting budget authority, outlays, or receipts shall be assumed to be effective un-less it is not approved in accordance with such section.’’. SEC. 5. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE STUDY OF RULES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to determine, as of the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) how many rules (as such term is defined in section 804 of title 5, United States Code) were in effect; (2) how many major rules (as such term is defined in section 804 of title 5, United States Code) were in effect; and (3) the total estimated economic cost im-posed by all such rules. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress that con-tains the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 6. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Sections 3 and 4, and the amendments made by such sections, shall take effect be-ginning on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–1. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–1. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Subparagraph (A) of section 804(2) of title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended to read by section 3 of the bill, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) an annual cost on the economy of $100,000,000 or more, adjusted annually for in-flation;’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 22, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I offer this manager’s amendment to assure that, just as the REINS Act strengthens Congress’ check on rules that impose major new costs on the economy, it does not unduly delay the effectiveness of major new deregula-tory actions, those that alleviate regu-latory burdens of $100 million or more. When first introduced in the 112th Congress, the REINS Act incorporated the definition of major rule in the un-derlying Congressional Review Act— generally, a rule that has ‘‘an annual effect on the economy of $100,000,000 or more.’’ This was done in the interest of con-sistency with prior terminology, and it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.006 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H135 January 5, 2017 
swept in both actions that imposed costs and actions that lifted costs. But, especially after the regulatory on-slaught we have witnessed during the Obama administration, it is time to re-vise that definition. We should assure that the REINS Act focuses Congress’ highest attention on the rules that hurt the economy the most: those that impose $100 million or more in costs per year. We should like-wise make sure that the REINS Act does not impose additional hurdles in the way of the most important and des-perately needed deregulatory actions: those that free the economy of $100 million or more in annual regulatory burdens. A deregulatory action with that level of economic effect is one that Congress should be encouraging, not slowing down. This refinement of the REINS Act’s major rule definition is also needed to assure consistency with the major Ad-ministrative Procedure Act reform leg-islation the House is due to consider next week, the Regulatory Account-ability Act of 2017. That measure al-ready modernizes the major rule stand-ard for APA purposes to $100 million or more in annual costs imposed on the economy. The REINS Act should mir-ror it. I urge my colleagues to support this manager’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b1545 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, the Goodlatte amendment clarifies that a major rule is any rule with an annual cost on the economy of $100 million or more adjusted for inflation. This amendment revises the bill’s defi-nition for a major rule to include any rule with an annual cost of $100 million or more as determined by the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, also known as OIRA. I oppose this amendment because it focuses only on the cost of regulatory protections while completely over-looking the monetary benefits of these critical rules. It also strips OIRA’s ability to consider the benefits of a rule in connection with a rule’s cost. I don’t understand the logic of that. In 2015, The Washington Post’s Fact Checker blog criticized cost-only regu-latory estimates as misleading, unbal-anced, and having serious methodo-logical problems. Robert Weissman, president of Public Citizen, likewise observed in 2015 that ignoring the bene-fits of regulation is akin to grocery shoppers deciding to buy no groceries simply because groceries cost money. That doesn’t make any sense to me. Even Thomas Donohue, president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, has stated that ‘‘many of these rules we need, they’re important for the econ-omy, and we support them,’’ conceding that the benefits of regulatory protec-tions must be considered hand in hand with their costs. Indeed, under both Democratic and Republican administrations, the Office of Management and Budget regularly has reported to Congress that the bene-fits of regulations far exceed their costs. During the three hearings on the REINS Act in previous Congresses, we heard from three distinguished wit-nesses that the benefits of regulation routinely outweigh their costs, accord-ing to cost-benefit analysis done by the Office of Management and Budget under administrations of both parties. For example, in the 112th Congress, Sally Katzen, a former administrator of the OMB’s Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, testified that ‘‘the numbers are striking: according to OMB, the benefits from the regulations issued during the ten-year period’’— from fiscal year 1999 through 2009— ‘‘ranged from $128 billion to $616 bil-lion.’’ I will repeat. Benefits from regula-tions ranged from $128 billion to $616 billion. ‘‘Therefore, even if one uses OMB’s highest estimate of costs and its lowest estimate of benefits, the regulations issued over the past ten years have pro-duced net benefits of $73 billion to our society.’’ Those are the words of Sally Katzen. That 10-year timeframe encompasses the Clinton, Bush, and Obama adminis-trations. We also heard in the 112th Congress from David Goldston, a former Repub-lican House committee chief of staff, who testified that ‘‘administrations under both parties have reviewed the aggregate impact of regulations and found their benefits to have exceeded their costs (and not all benefits are quantifiable).’’ Their testimony is bolstered by the Office of Management and Budget’s 2016 Draft Report to Congress, which notes that estimated annual benefits of major Federal regulations reviewed by OMB over the past decade estimated annual benefits of regulatory protec-tions are between $269 billion and $872 billion, while regulatory costs are be-tween $74 billion and $110 billion. Mr. Chair, I oppose this amendment, once again, because it focuses only on the cost of regulatory protections while completely overlooking the mon-etary benefits of these critical rules, and for that reason I oppose my col-league’s amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time only to urge my colleagues to support this important amendment and not lose the opportunity to benefit from deregulatory reforms that will grow our economy and save America’s econ-omy hundreds of millions of dollars. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . MESSER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–1. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Section 801(a)(1)(A) of title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, is amended by inserting after ‘‘the Federal agency promulgating such rule’’ the following: ‘‘shall satisfy the re-quirements of section 808 and’’. Chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing (and amending the table of sections accordingly): ‘‘§ 808. Regulatory cut-go requirement ‘‘In making any new rule, the agency mak-ing the rule shall identify a rule or rules that may be amended or repealed to com-pletely offset any annual costs of the new rule to the United States economy. Before the new rule may take effect, the agency shall make each such repeal or amendment. In making such an amendment or repeal, the agency shall comply with the requirements of subchapter II of chapter 5, but the agency may consolidate proceedings under sub-chapter with proceedings on the new rule.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 22, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for his help on this amendment as well. It is an amendment designed to take an al-ready very good bill and make it just a little better. A good friend of mine, former Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels, used to say ‘‘you’d be amazed how much govern-ment you’ll never miss’’ when talking about reducing the size of government bureaucracy. So much of government’s excess is created by unelected officials who wield enormous influence over our ev-eryday lives. Last year, Federal agen-cies issued 18 rules and regulations for every one law that passed Congress. That is a grand total of 3,853 regula-tions in 2016 alone. In 2015, Federal reg-ulations cost the American economy nearly $1.9 trillion—T, trillion dol-lars—in lost growth and productivity. Think about that for a second. A $1.9 trillion tax, a government burden on the American people. That means lost jobs, stagnant wages, and decreasing benefits for workers. My amendment looks to help change all that. Very simply, my amendment requires every agency issuing a new rule to first identify, then repeal or amend at least one existing rule to off-set any annual costs the new rule would have on the U.S. economy. This isn’t some new radical idea. President- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.059 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH136 January 5, 2017 
elect Trump announced his administra-tion will implement a new practice that for every new regulation, two would have to be repealed. Governments in Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, and the Nether-lands have all implemented similar versions of one-in/one-out when ad-dressing new rules and regulations. In fact, in Canada, bureaucrats used the new direction to find and cut more red tape than was even required by the law. My amendment gives the new ad-ministration that same flexibility. Mr. Chair, it is past time we stop bu-reaucratic abuse and shift the balance of power from government back to the people, where it belongs. That can start today by passing the REINS Act and putting our government on a path to reduce the amount of red tape that our businesses and the American peo-ple deal with every day. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment and the underlying bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I oppose the gentleman’s amendment, which would require that agencies off-set the cost of new rules, no matter how critical or mundane these protec-tions may be, prior to promulgating new rules. This proposal, also referred to as ‘‘regulatory cut-go,’’ appears as title 2 of H.R. 1155, the Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Un-necessarily Burdensome Act, or the SCRUB Act, that was introduced in the previous Congress. In the context of a veto threat of that bill, the Obama administration cautioned that this requirement would make the process of retrospective regu-latory review less productive and, in the process, create needless regulatory and legal uncertainty, and that it would increase costs for businesses and for States, local and tribal govern-ments, and it would also impede com-monsense protections for the American public. By enacting Federal statutes, tasking agencies with responsibilities, Congress authorizes agencies to carry out matters that are too complex, rou-tine, or technical for Congress itself to administrate. We must ensure that agencies have the proper flexibility to issue new protections without encum-bering other regulations with political obstructions. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), my good friend and the chairman of the House Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Indiana for offer-ing this amendment, and I rise in sup-port of it. The cumulative burden of Federal regulation will surely be reduced by the REINS Act, but that burden has two elements: the burden being added by new regulations and the burden al-ready there. This amendment adds a useful provi-sion to the REINS Act to address the elimination of unnecessary burdens al-ready in the Code of Federal Regula-tions. It does so, moreover, in a man-ner that parallels President-elect Trump’s promise to pursue a policy of one-in/two-out when it comes to new regulatory actions by his administra-tion. Mr. Chair, I support the amendment. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Chairman, I think it is long past time to stop the run-away train of the Federal regulatory bureaucracy. I urge support for the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 115–1. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
In section 801(a)(1)(A)(iv), title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. In section 801(a)(1)(A)(v), title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, strike the period at the end and insert a semicolon. Insert after section 801(a)(1)(A)(v), title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, the fol-lowing: (vi) recognizing that climate change is real and caused by human activity, an account-ing of the greenhouse gas emission impacts associated with the rule; and (vii) an analysis of the impacts of the rule on low-income communities and on rural communities. In section 804(2)(B), title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. In section 804(2)(C), title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, strike the period at the end and insert a semicolon. Insert after section 804(2)(C), title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, the following: ‘‘(D) an increase of 25,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions per year or more; or ‘‘(E) a potential increased risk to low in-come or rural communities for— ‘‘(i) cancer; ‘‘(ii) birth defects; ‘‘(iii) kidney disease; ‘‘(iv) respiratory illness; or ‘‘(v) cardiovascular illness.’’. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 22, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, for years my Republican friends have been trying to convince everyone that Fed-eral agencies are scary and unpopular. In reality, Americans support Federal rules that protect them from injuries, diseases, and death. They always have and they always will. The people we represent don’t want those rules to go away. They want stronger rules to pro-tect their jobs, their pay, their health, and their fair treatment in the work-place. Let’s remember that it takes years to finalize most rules. Before an agency makes a rule, it considers science, costs, benefits, public stakeholder input, and public comments. Repub-licans have invented stories about sur-prise regulations that appear out of no-where. These stories sound interesting until you realize they were invented to help their corporate friends get where they want. We know where this will lead us. Big banks got away with rob-bing us and creating a major recession because they weren’t regulated strong-ly enough. Republicans think the an-swer is making it harder to regulate them. If this bill passes, it won’t be the nameless, faceless, unelected corporate CEOs who feel the pain. It will be the Americans from big cities and small towns who need Federal standards to keep their environment clean, to keep their workplace safe, and to make sure the products they buy won’t hurt their families. My Democratic colleagues are offer-ing amendments today that exempt certain kinds of rules from the unreal-istic burdens this bill creates. I support these amendments. My amendment is a little different. It is not nearly enough to save this ter-rible bill, but it takes a big step in the right direction. It acknowledges that doing nothing carries a major cost. b1600 It acknowledges human-caused cli-mate change and requires agencies that propose regulations to report on how a rule impacts greenhouse gas emissions. If we require reporting a rule’s costs, we should also report its impacts to our planet and to our way of life. It also requires an analysis of a rule’s impacts on low-income and rural com-munities. My Republican friends are deeply concerned about whether new regulations make big business and Wall Street investors happy. I think it is time we assess the impacts of regula-tions on the urban poor, the rural poor, or on coastal Native American tribes already fleeing the impacts of climate change, or the farmers in the West and South struggling to cope with drought, flooding, and extreme weather. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.062 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H137 January 5, 2017 
Finally, my amendment requires con-gressional approval of any regulation that would increase carbon pollution by 25,000 metric tons or more, or could increase cancer, birth defects, kidney disease, or cardiovascular or res-piratory illness. If House Republicans are so eager to rewrite the regulatory process, they should be willing to cast recorded votes allowing the release of tens of thou-sands of metric tons of pollution into our air. They should publicly vote to increase the rates of these terrible dis-eases among their constituents. Passing this amendment is the very least we can do to make sure the bill doesn’t put Americans at risk of injury and death. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amend-ment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B
YRNE ). The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, this amendment renders congressional find-ings on climate change and requires that agencies report to Congress on greenhouse gas impacts associated with a rule. It also requires agencies to report on a rule’s effect on low-income and rural communities. Further, the amendment expands the definition of major rule to include rules that allow increases of carbon emissions by more than 25,000 metric tons per year or that might increase the risk of certain diseases in rural or low-income communities. I oppose this amendment. The REINS Act is not designed to ad-dress one or two subjects of regulation with heightened scrutiny but not oth-ers. It is to restore accountability to the people’s elected representatives in Congress for the largest regulatory de-cisions, whatever subject is involved. Further, and consistent with that, the addition of congressional findings in one policy area—climate change— but no other, has no place in the REINS Act. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, it should be noted that the REINS Act is one sweeping piece of legislation that does not take into account public health, does not take into account clean air, clean water, and the effects of constituents and the American peo-ple, the environment, or the cost at-tended with increased illnesses. With that sweeping deregulation process that is being proposed by the majority, we have an exposure on issues of public health, clean air, clean water, and the regulations that are in place to protect the public health and the well-being of the American people. My amendment just requires that, if these sweeping changes are to occur, Members of this body take the votes that would release additional metric tons into the atmosphere that would promote and increase the levels of dis-ease in this country that is harmful to the American people. It is one of dis-closure and accountability if the Mem-bers, indeed, are the ones that want to make the final decision. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 115–1. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
In paragraph (2) of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, insert after ‘‘means any rule’’ the following: ‘‘(other than a special rule)’’. In paragraph (3) of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, insert be-fore the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and includes any special rule’’. Add, at the end of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) The term ‘special rule’ means any rule that will result in reduced incidence of can-cer, premature mortality, asthma attacks, or respiratory disease in children.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 22, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, my amendment makes an impor-tant exemption to the REINS Act to ensure that policies that protect chil-dren from cancer, premature death, asthma attacks, or respiratory disease are not delayed or denied. For example, the Clean Air Act, which has been in place for over 40 years, and has improved our health and protected all Americans from harmful toxic air pollution, such as ozone, ni-trogen dioxide, sulfur dioxide, and par-ticle pollution, often requires updates based upon the best science, especially when it comes to our kids. Toxic pollutants, such as ozone, which is a major component of smog, are linked to asthma, lung, and heart disease and result in thousands of deaths every year and up to 1 million missed days of school. Our kids are par-ticularly susceptible to this type of pollution because their lungs are still developing. On average, they take deeper breaths and are more likely to spend long periods outdoors, placing them at higher risk. The American Lung Association states that inhaling smog pollution is like getting a sunburn on your lungs, and often results in immediate breath-ing trouble. I remember very well back in the early seventies, when I was a little girl, what the air was like in my hometown in Tampa. We had a lot of industrial users at the port of Tampa, a lot of in-dustrial plants. I have seen the progress over time that the Clean Air Act has brought to this country. We are not like other countries in the world. We are stronger, and we are bet-ter, and we are healthier because of the Clean Air Act. So let’s not go backwards. Let’s not throw a roadblock like the REINS Act into the mix here. But we do have to be careful because there still are many communities in America that continue to suffer, and they are often the under-served, economically distressed com-munities. Studies have shown that working class communities often bear the brunt of environmental pollution because the only homes they can afford are often located near industrial sites. According to the NAACP, 78 percent of African Americans live within 30 miles of an in-dustrial power plant, and 71 percent of African Americans live in counties that violate Federal air pollution standards. In addition to that, a study by the Environmental Defense Fund found that our Latino neighbors are three times more likely to die from asthma, often for those same reasons. Let’s not go backwards. Because here, what the REINS Act does is it really complicates the American sys-tem of checks and balances. Let’s not go backwards. Because it is not only our families and neighbors that would suffer. It is also our economy that would suffer as well. This type of regulatory scheme of mirrors and false promises would cre-ate great uncertainty for many of our businesses. The Clean Air Act is one example. These clean air protections in the United States have a great track record. We have grown as a country. The economic growth has tripled. Our economic base has more than tripled. Clean air protections and environ-mental protections go hand-in-hand with economic growth. Since 1970, we have cut harmful air pollution by 70 percent, while our econ-omy has grown like gang busters. I know many of you are probably going to have your eyes on the Tampa Bay area Monday night when we have the college football championship in Tampa with Alabama versus Clemson. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.065 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH138 January 5, 2017 
want you to take a look at our clean skies, the clean air. I wish we could all be there, but I think we are going to be back here in Washington, D.C. But just know, it hasn’t always been that way. When you see the beautiful sunset across Tampa Bay with clear skies, that has been because of the Clean Air Act. But if you bring a regulatory scheme, like the REINS Act, that says you have to come back to Congress for every sin-gle little new policy that is based on updates and new science, that is going to complicate everyone’s lives. I worry at the outset of this new Congress, be-cause the first bill passed yesterday was one that short-circuited public participation, and now this bill today appears to be a late Christmas gift to corporate polluters who put profits over people. We are better than that. You can prove me wrong, though, by supporting this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, this amendment exempts from the bill any rule reducing the incidence of cancer, premature mortality, asthma attacks, and respiratory diseases in children. But do not be fooled. This amendment is not about reducing these maladies. It is about transferring the power to decide how best to do so from elected representatives to unaccountable bu-reaucrats. For example, government could sub-stantially reduce teenage mortality by barring teenage drivers off the road. Of course, there would be a substantial cost to that policy, and there are sure-ly less burdensome ways to achieve the same reductions in mortality. The right decision requires a delicate bal-ancing of interest. Agencies can pro-vide valuable expertise, but, when there is a lot at stake, the ultimate de-cision on how best to strike that bal-ance is properly made by elected offi-cials accountable to the people. That is the intuition behind the REINS Act and the fundamental point that is lost on those who oppose it. Reducing the incidence of mortality and serious disease is a goal that all Members share. This bill does not frus-trate that goal. It merely ensures that elected representatives decide how best to achieve that policy so that our Re-public remains a government by the people as the Constitution designed. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, of course, this legislative body has all the power to go back to policy-making after an administrative agency makes a determination, but we are not micromanagers. We are legislators. And I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Castor amendment to protect children’s health. If you won’t create an exception for children’s health, I wonder, you are not willing to really recognize the funda-mental constitutional basis of this gov-ernment. It is one that relies on checks and balances as the basis of our govern-ment. I urge my colleagues then to also support the Castor amendment but op-pose the REINS Act in the end. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 115–1. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
In paragraph (2) of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended to read by section 3 of the bill, in-sert after ‘‘means any rule’’ the following: ‘‘(other than a special rule)’’. In paragraph (3) of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended to read by section 3 of the bill, in-sert before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘, and includes any special rule’’. Add, at the end of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended to read by section 3 of the bill, the following: ‘‘(6) The term ‘special rule’ means any rule relating to the protection of the public health or safety.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 22, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment to H.R. 26 would exempt rules concerning public health or safe-ty from the burdensome requirements of this legislation. Simply put, when a rule is necessary to protect the health and safety of the public, it is critical that the rule be put into effect without unnecessary delay. If this legislation is enacted without this amendment, it will create an un-tenable regulatory environment that will make it nearly impossible for agencies to safeguard the public wel-fare. This legislation could bring to a grinding halt critical rulemaking such as rules relating to the transportation of hazardous materials by the Depart-ment of Transportation, clean air regu-lations by the EPA, and worker-protec-tion standards by OSHA. For example, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration imple-mented an economically significant rule that, by May 2018, all new vehicles must have rearview cameras. This reg-ulation will help drivers have better visibility behind their car, greatly re-ducing the likelihood of backover crashes which largely involves small children. But under the REINS Act, this rule would require a joint congressional res-olution with an unrealistic timeline for implementation. For every year this rule would be delayed, the Traffic Safe-ty Administration estimates that there would be, on average, 15,000 injuries and 267 fatalities resulting from backover crashes. Proponents of this legislation may argue that H.R. 26 contains an emer-gency exemption which allows a major rule to temporarily take effect fol-lowing an executive order stating that there is an imminent threat to public health and safety. Even when the threat is not imminent, the danger to the public health and welfare may be great and the fundamental responsi-bility to protect the public remains. b1615 This legislation would substantially hinder the ability of agencies to fulfill this obligation, placing Americans at greater risk for the benefit of powerful corporate interests. In its present form, the Coalition for Sensible Safe-guards and the alliance of more than 150 consumer, labor, faith, and other public interest groups predict that, by allowing Congress to even veto uncontroversial rules that protect pub-lic health and safety, the REINS Act ‘‘would make the dysfunction and ob-structionism that plague our political process even worse.’’ In echoing this sentiment, the Amer-ican Sustainable Business Council, which represents over 200,000 busi-nesses, opposes H.R. 26 because it would recklessly place the burden of proof on the taxpayers in order to pro-tect themselves on environmental, health, and safety issues and would shift responsibility away from powerful corporate interests. While my amendment will not cure all that ails this legislation—and there is a lot—it will address one of its most glaring flaws and preserve the ability of agencies to protect public health and safety. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, this amendment exempts from the bill any rule pertaining to health or public safe-ty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.067 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H139 January 5, 2017 
Health and public safety regulations done properly serve important goals, and the bill does nothing to frustrate the effective achievement of those goals; but Federal health and public safety regulations constitute an im-mense part of total Federal regulation and have been the source of many of the most abusive, unnecessarily expen-sive, and job- and wage-destroying reg-ulations. To remove these areas of reg-ulation from the bill would severely weaken the bill’s important reforms to lower cumulative regulatory costs and increase the accountability of our reg-ulatory system and the Congress to the people, so I urge my colleagues to op-pose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman just made an assertion that, in fact, nothing in this legislation does anything to frustrate the goals of pro-tecting health and safety; but, of course, it does. It prevents the imple-mentation of rules which, in fact, pro-tect public health and safety. If my amendment were to pass, that statement would be true—it would do nothing to frustrate it—but without this amendment, it prevents the imple-mentation of a rule that would, in fact, protect public health and safety. It is a reasonable exemption that will ensure that we protect the well-being and the health of our constituents. I urge all of my colleagues to support the amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CONYERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 115–1. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
In paragraph (2) of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, insert after ‘‘means any rule’’ the following: ‘‘(other than a special rule)’’. In paragraph (3) of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, insert be-fore the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and includes any special rule’’. Add, at the end of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) The term ‘special rule’ means any rule that would provide for a reduction in the amount of lead in public drinking water.’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 22, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would exempt from H.R. 26, the REINS Act, rules issued to re-duce the amount of lead in public drinking water. The ingestion of lead, of course, causes serious harmful effects on human health, even at low exposure levels. That is why the Environmental Protection Agency has set the max-imum contaminant level for this toxic metal in drinking water at zero. According to the EPA, young chil-dren, infants, and fetuses are particu-larly vulnerable to lead because the physical and behavioral effects of lead occur at lower exposure levels in chil-dren than in adults. The Agency re-ports that, in children, low levels of ex-posure have been linked to damage to the central and peripheral nervous sys-tems, learning disabilities, shorter stature, impaired hearing, and the im-paired formation and function of blood cells. Take, for example, the Flint water crisis, which I have a little experience with, which was a preventable public health disaster. While much blame for the Flint water crisis lies with unelected officials who prioritize sav-ing money over saving lives, the pres-ence of lead in drinking water is, unfor-tunately, not unique to Flint. In fact, the drinking water of, potentially, mil-lions of Americans may be contami-nated by lead. My amendment highlights one of the most problematic aspects of H.R. 26: that it could slow down or completely block urgent rulemakings that protect health and safety. This is because Members simply lack the requisite sci-entific or technical knowledge to inde-pendently assess the bona fides of most regulations, which are often the prod-uct of extensive research and analysis by agencies as well as input from effec-tive entities and the public. As a result, Members would have to make their own determinations based on their own—usually inexpert—views and limited information. Worse yet, some may be persuaded to disapprove of a rule in response to a wide-ranging influence exerted by outside special in-terests that favor profits over safety. My amendment simply preserves cur-rent law with respect to regulations that are designed to prevent the con-tamination of drinking water by lead. Accordingly, I sincerely urge my col-leagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, the amendment seeks to carve out from the REINS Act’s reforms regulations that would reduce the amount of lead in public drinking water. But, like other amendments, this amendment is not so much about achieving a particular health or safety result. It is about taking the decision on how best to do that away from elected Representatives and handing it down to unaccountable bureaucrats. Agencies can provide valuable exper-tise, but when there is a lot at stake, the ultimate decision on how best to strike that balance is properly made by elected officials who are accountable to the people. This is the intuition behind the REINS Act, and the fundamental point is lost on its opponents. Preventing dangerous levels of lead in our drinking water is a goal all Members share. This bill does not frus-trate that goal. It merely ensures that elected Representatives decide how best to achieve that policy so that our Republic remains a government by the people, as the Constitution designed. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim my time. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. Protecting the health and safety of our citizens is one of the core respon-sibilities of our government and Con-gress, and we trust much of its author-ity to Federal agencies to implement this obligation. This amendment sim-ply preserves current law with respect to regulations that are designed to pre-vent the contamination of drinking water by lead. As the Obama administration has ob-served, in the context of a veto threat to a substantively identical version of this bill in the last Congress, the REINS Act would delay and, in most cases, thwart the implementation of statutory mandates and the execution of duly enacted laws, create business uncertainty, undermine much-needed protections of the American public, and cause unnecessary confusion. Un-fortunately, as I noted in my opening statement, the REINS Act would delay and, worse yet, possibly stop major rules from going into effect that are needed to protect the public’s health, safety, and well-being, including those that require us to keep lead from drinking water. Safety regulations are typically the product of a transparent and account-able process that includes extensive in-vestigation, analysis, and input from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.070 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH140 January 5, 2017 
the public and private sectors. It is no answer to say that H.R. 26 contains a limited emergency exception. That provision is insufficient. It merely al-lows a major rule to temporarily take effect for 90 days without its having congressional approval. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. CONYERS. I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, just to reiterate what our position is, it is about time that we in D.C.—in Con-gress—take our responsibility back from unelected bureaucrats and make these decisions. We have seen, over the past 8 years, what overburdensome reg-ulation has done to this country as far as crushing jobs. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 115–1. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise as the designee of the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) to present her amendment in her absence. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
In paragraph (2) of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended to read by section 3 of the bill, in-sert after ‘‘means any rule’’ the following: ‘‘(other than a special rule)’’. In paragraph (3) of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended to read by section 3 of the bill, in-sert before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘, and includes any special rule’’. Add, at the end of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended to read by section 3 of the bill, the following: ‘‘(6) The term ‘special rule’ means any rule that pertains to the safety of any products specifically designed to be used or consumed by a child under the age of 2 years (including cribs, car seats, and infant formula).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 22, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, the Jackson Lee amendment ex-empts from this bill’s onerous require-ments the congressional approval re-quirement of any proposed rule that is made to ensure the safety of products that are used or consumed by children under the age of 2. This amendment should pass for ob-vious reasons. If protecting public health and safety means anything, it surely must include the protection of our children. Because of the special vulnerability of young children, any regulation affecting their health and safety must not be delayed. Unfortu-nately, if this bill passes as written without this amendment, that is ex-actly what will happen. The young children will be vulnerable to products that are unsafe and that could hurt them. For this reason, SHEILA JACKSON  L
EEhas offered this amendment, which I support. An example is a regulation that is meant to protect a child from death or injury from contaminated formula. Such a rule would be impeded—or the promulgation of such a rule and the en-actment of that rule would be im-peded—by this administration. This amendment would declare that, in that case, the rule would not apply. It would be exempted from this legisla-tion. Toxic chemicals, dangerous toys, or deadly falls from unsafe products could be avoided. Therefore, this amendment would protect children under those circumstances. Those kinds of rules need to be implemented promptly to save lives. For that reason, the Jackson Lee amendment deserves your support. I hope that you can support it out of your heart. I reserve the balance of my time. b1630 Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, the amend-ment seeks to carve out from the REINS Act’s reforms regulations in-tended to protect young children and infants from harm. Child safety is a goal all Members share, but to shield bureaucrats who write child safety regulations from ac-countability to Congress is no way to guarantee a child’s safety. The only thing that would guarantee is less careful decisionmaking and more insu-lation of faceless bureaucrats from the public. The Constitution entrusts to Con-gress the authority to protect chil-dren—and all citizens—from harmful products flowing in interstate com-merce. The public should be able to trust Congress—and we should trust ourselves—to make sure that Wash-ington bureaucrats make the right de-cisions to protect child safety when we delegate legislative authority to regu-latory agencies. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, the faceless, nameless, deadly bu-reaucrats out here who mean the pub-lic harm, those are our relatives. Those are our mothers, our fathers, who work for the Federal Government. They are the civil servants that serve us. They are not nameless and faceless people of bad will and bad intent. They are good people who go to work every day and try to protect us and protect our chil-dren. All we are asking for with this amendment is for there to be a carve- out to protect the most vulnerable among us, our children. This legislation is based on the faulty premise that the cost of regula-tions outweigh the benefits. What is the cost of a benefit when it comes to the health, safety, and well-being of a child? The people who promulgate these rules mean to protect these children, and this amendment goes to that abil-ity of the regulators to do that. Some-times regulation is good. Even though a couple of jobs might go away because of the regulation, isn’t it worth the health, safety, and well-being of our children that a couple of jobs could not reach fruition? Every-thing is not a cost-benefit analysis. Sometimes there is some humanity in the mix that we have to consider. I urge my colleagues to think about it one more time and be in favor of the very reasonable Jackson Lee amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, the REINS Act doesn’t prevent the bu-reaucracy, the agencies, from making recommendations and suggestions to Congress. It simply says Congress will have the last word and not a handful of bureaucrats, and many of them don’t even have experience in these areas. I urge my colleagues to not support this amendment but to support the REINS Act. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 115–1. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I offer an amendment to H.R. 26. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
In paragraph (2) of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, insert after ‘‘means any rule’’ the following: ‘‘(other than a special rule)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.072 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H141 January 5, 2017 
In paragraph (3) of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, insert be-fore the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and includes any special rule’’. Add, at the end of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) The term ‘special rule’ means any rule that pertains to improving employment, re-tention, and earnings of workforce partici-pants, especially those participants with sig-nificant barriers to employment.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 22, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 26, which would exempt from the bill rules that improve the employ-ment retention and wages of workforce participants, especially those with sig-nificant barriers to employment. Since one of the justifications, or the main justification, for this underlying legis-lation is to promote job growth from corporate titans at the expense, by the way, of health and safety of Americans, at least, we could exempt from the bill rules that improve the employment, re-tention, and wages of workforce par-ticipants, especially those with signifi-cant barriers to employment. When President Obama took office in 2009, he inherited the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. This economic quagmire was created by misguided Republican policies that put profits ahead of people, resulting in reckless decisions on Wall Street that cost millions of Americans their homes and jobs. In other words, the Great Re-cession was caused by the collapse of the financial markets due to an unreliability and instability of the predatory lending market, which had taken hold. There was so much paper out there on Wall Street that was worthless because it was based on these homes that people couldn’t pay the notes for, and all of that was caused by deregulation, lack of regulation. Now we have a period with Dodd- Frank coming into play and the finan-cial markets improving, the protection and economic security of American families increasing, being strength-ened. Now, at the beginning of this Con-gress, we get legislation to gut the Dodd-Frank regulation and other regu-lations that would protect people from excesses of the corporate community. I am just asking, in this amendment, that we don’t let it apply in the case of situations where the bill improves em-ployment retention or wages or work-force participants, especially those with barriers to employment. So, according to leading economic in-dicators, private-sector businesses have created more than 15.6 million new jobs. The unemployment rate has dropped to well below 5 percent to the lowest point in nearly a decade, and in-comes are rising faster, while the pov-erty rate has dropped to the lowest point since 1968. This has all occurred during an administration that is proenvironment, proclean energy, and proworkplace safety. In fact, during this time, our Nation has doubled our production of clean en-ergy and reduced our carbon emissions faster than any other advanced nation. And the price of gas is down to roughly $2 a barrel, despite all of these cum-bersome and oppressive regulations by the Obama administration that the other side complains about. Notwithstanding this progress that has been made, there is still much work to be done for the millions of Americans who remain out of work, underemployed, or have not seen sig-nificant wage growth postrecession. Congress should be working tirelessly across party lines to find solutions to persistent unemployment and stagnant wages, such as a public investment agenda that will increase productivity and domestic output while turning the page on our historic underinvestment in our Nation’s roads, bridges, and edu-cational institutions. Unfortunately, Mr. Chair, this bill, the REINS Act, is not a jobs bill. It is a legislative hacksaw to the critical public health and safety protections that ensure our Nation’s air is clean, our water is pure, and our workplace vehicles, homes, and consumer prod-ucts are safe. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, the amend-ment carves out of the REINS Act’s congressional approval procedures reg-ulations that attempt to improve em-ployment, retention, and earnings, par-ticularly for those with significant bar-riers to employment. The danger in the amendment is the strong incentive it gives agencies to manipulate their analysis of a major regulation’s jobs and wages impacts. Far too often, agencies will be tempted to shade the analysis to skirt the bill’s congressional approval requirement. In addition, regulations alleged to create new job prospects often do so by destroying real, existing jobs and cre-ating new, hoped-for jobs associated with regulatory compliance. For exam-ple, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Clean Air Act rules have shut down existing power plants all over the country, throwing myriads of workers out of work. EPA and OMB at-tempt to justify that with claims that more new green jobs have been created as a result. In the end, this is just another way in which government picks the jobs win-ners and the jobs losers, and there is no guarantee that all of the new green jobs will ever actually exist. The REINS Act is not intended to force any particular outcome. It does not choose between clean air and dirty air. It does not choose between new jobs and old jobs. Instead, the REINS Act chooses be-tween two ways of making laws. It chooses the way the Framers intended in which accountability for laws with major economic impact rests with Con-gress. It rejects the way Washington has operated for too long in which there is no accountability because de-cisions are made by unelected agency officials. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 115–1. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
In paragraph (2) of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended to read by section 3 of the bill, in-sert after ‘‘means any rule’’ the following: ‘‘(other than a special rule)’’. In paragraph (3) of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended to read by section 3 of the bill, in-sert before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘, and includes any special rule’’. Add, at the end of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended to read by section 3 of the bill, the following: ‘‘(6) The term ‘special rule’ means any rule pertaining to nuclear reactor safety stand-ards.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 22, the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would exempt from the bill any regulations that pertain to nuclear reactor safety. In other words, my amendment would allow the Nuclear Regulatory Commission or the NRC to continue to issue rules under the cur-rent system, thereby making it easier to protect Americans from potential nuclear disaster. The underlying legislation, the REINS Act, would grind the gears of rulemaking to a halt by requiring all major rules to be affirmatively ap-proved in advance by Congress. A regu-lation would be blocked from being im-plemented if even one Chamber de-clines to pass an approval resolution. The goal of this legislation, quite sim-ply, is to stop the regulatory process in its tracks, regardless of the impact on public health and safety. One example that highlights the risks and dangers of this legislation is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.018 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH142 January 5, 2017 
the subject of this amendment: Nuclear power. The world watched in horror when an earthquake and resulting tsunami dev-astated the area around Fukushima, Japan, a few years ago. That disaster then caused its own disaster—the melt-down of three reactors at the Fukushima nuclear power plant. The meltdown led to the release of radio-active isotopes, the creation of a 20-kil-ometer exclusion zone around the power plant, and the displacement, consequently, of 156,000 people. Just last month, seaborne radiation from Fukushima was even detected on the West Coast of the United States. The same year as the Fukushima meltdown, Virginia was struck by a relatively rare but strong earthquake, felt up and down the eastern seaboard. While the region was spared a similar disaster, the earthquake required a nu-clear power plant near the epicenter to go offline as a precaution and served as a wake-up call that our nuclear reac-tors needed additional safety protocols. For me, this concern hits close to home. A nuclear power plant, Indian Point, which has suffered numerous malfunctions in recent years, lies just less than 40 miles away from my New York City district, about 30 miles away from the city. Twenty million people live within a 50-mile radius around the plant, the same radius used by the NRC as the basis for the evacuation zone recommended after the Fukushima dis-aster. b1645 Indian Point also sits near two earth-quake fault lines and, according to the NRC, is the most likely nuclear power plant in the country to experience core damage because of an earthquake. Because of the catastrophes that can result from disasters, be they natural or manmade at nuclear power plants, prevention of meltdowns is absolutely vital. Since Fukushima, the NRC has issued new rules designed to upgrade power plants to withstand severe events like earthquakes, and to have enough backup power so as to avoid a meltdown for a significant length of time. The NRC must retain the ability to issue new regulations to safeguard the health and well-being of all Americans. However, this bill is intentionally de-signed so that new and important regu-lations, including those to prevent a nuclear power plant meltdown which could affect millions of American, will likely never be put in place, thwarted by either chamber of Congress. Congress delegates authority to exec-utive agencies because we do not have the expertise or time to craft all tech-nical regulations ourselves. We should defer to the engineers and scientists at the NRC who determine, after careful study, that a particular regulation is critical to our safety and to the safe operation of a nuclear power plant. This bill, however, would all too easily allow Members of Congress to sub-stitute their own judgment or, most likely, the wishes of a narrow group of special interests. This week we began a new Congress. Later this month we will have a new administration, all controlled by Re-publicans. Between this bill and the Midnight Rules bill we passed yester-day, they have chosen to make their first order of business the dismantling and destruction of the regulatory proc-ess, regardless of the impact on public health and safety. This gives us a good idea of the priorities we should expect to see in the next 2 years. The least we can do is to try to en-sure that the antiregulatory agenda of the Republicans does not have dev-astating consequences such as a nu-clear meltdown. I urge my colleagues to support the Nadler amendment to exempt nuclear safety regulations from the onerous requirements of the under-lying bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, the amendment carves out of the REINS Act’s congressional approval proce-dures all regulations that pertain to nuclear reactor safety standards. REINS Act supporters believe in nu-clear safety. We want to guarantee that regulatory decisions that pertain to nuclear reactor safety are the best decisions that can be made. That is precisely why I oppose the amendment. By its terms, the amend-ment shields from the REINS Act’s congressional approval procedures not only major regulations that would raise nuclear reactor safety standards, but also regulations that would lower them. All major regulations pertaining to nuclear reactor safety standards, whether they raise or lower standards, should fall within the REINS Act. That way agencies with authority over nu-clear reactor safety would know that Congress must approve their major reg-ulations before they go into effect. That provides a powerful incentive for the agencies to write the best pos-sible regulations, ones that Congress can easily approve. It is a solution that everyone should support because it makes Congress more accountable and ensures agencies will write better rules. All Americans will be safer for it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, nuclear meltdowns are a tremendous danger to the life and safety of millions of Amer-icans. The Congressional Review Act provides if the NRC makes such a regu-lation, Congress can say no. That is ap-propriate. But to say Congress has to approve any regulation in advance, when there may be thousands of regu-lations or hundreds of regulations from different agencies, they may not get to it. We may not have time to study it, and lives are at stake. It does not make sense. That is why this amendment at least cuts out nuclear meltdown regu-lations, nuclear safety regulations, to say Congress can veto them if they don’t agree. But the agency should be able to promulgate it in the absence of congressional veto. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, once again, this administration has proven how thousands of regulations have crushed jobs for the middle class people in this country. The REINS Act does designate and allows and wants agen-cies to make decisions as far as what they think the law should be and send it to Congress. We do have the time. We have the re-sources and the knowledge. That is why we have full committees. That is why we have subcommittees and we have experts come in and testify. Yet, we still need to get back—that the 535 Members of Congress, the House and the Senate, make the final decision and not a handful of unelected bureau-crats. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 115–1. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer amendment No. 10 as the designee of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ). The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
In paragraph (2) of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, insert after ‘‘means any rule’’ the following: ‘‘(other than a special rule)’’. In paragraph (3) of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, insert be-fore the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and includes any special rule’’. Add, at the end of section 804, title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) The term ‘special rule’ means any rule intended to ensure the safety of natural gas or hazardous materials pipelines or prevent, mitigate, or reduce the impact of spills from such pipeline.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 22, the gentleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.080 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H143 January 5, 2017 
from California (Mr. M CNERNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, re-cent pipeline incidents have raised se-rious concerns about the condition of the Nation’s pipelines that threaten the safety and health of American citi-zens. This amendment will ensure that any rule intended to guarantee the safety of natural gas or hazardous ma-terial pipelines is not considered a major rule under this bill and would, therefore, be easier to create. Pipeline safety is a bipartisan issue. Congress has shown that issuing regu-lations related to pipelines is a pri-ority, as evident with the enactment of the PIPES Act last year. However, the bill before us today, H.R. 26, contradicts this historic prece-dent and would have the effect of de-laying or preventing any rule on pipe-line safety from going forward. Pipe-line accidents cause major property damage, serious injuries or deaths, and harms the environment. There are approximately 2.9 million miles of pipeline in the United States. They travel through rural and urban areas, Republican and Democratic dis-tricts, coastlines, inland areas. Every-one is impacted. Quality control meas-ures, new infrastructure, and oversight are paramount. Unfortunately, we have seen the dev-astating impact of pipeline incidents throughout the country, including sev-eral accidents and spills in California in recent years, such as the spill in Santa Barbara that released more than 100,000 gallons of crude oil. We have also seen how liquid spills can devastate the people and econo-mies in places like Michigan, and the irreplaceable natural resources like the Yellowstone River in Montana, or the precious coastline of Santa Barbara. Additionally, these explosions and spills cause shortages and price in-creases that impact Americans far from the site of the accident. A Colonial Pipeline accident this past September in Alabama leaked roughly 8,000 barrels of gasoline and saw prices increase by up to 31 cents a gallon in metropolitan areas in the Southeastern States. I agree with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle that we want ef-fective and efficient government. But, in reality, pipeline safety regulations are already subject to duplicative and time-consuming analyses, including a rigorous risk assessment and cost-ben-efit analysis required by the pipeline safety statute. These already duplica-tive review requirements are among the top reasons why the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Adminis-tration increasingly lags behind the congressional mandate to issue rules that protect Americans from dangerous pipeline incidents. In fact, this was the subject of a great deal of discussion when the En-ergy and Commerce Committee marked up the pipeline safety reau-thorization bill last year. I worked with Chairman UPTON and Ranking Member P
ALLONE to address this issue, as both sides of the aisle agreed that the duplicative reviews currently re-quired are already slowing down these critical safety laws to a degree that is frustrating and dangerous. While we make progress in the PIPES Act, I believe we can and should do more. The last thing we need is one more layer of bureaucracy to further slow down implementation of these critical protections for public health, safety, and the environment. We should work together to prevent spills and work to minimize impacts when spills or other incidents do occur. This in-cludes automatic shut-off valves, leak detection, and technologies to reduce clogging and rupture. A vote for this amendment is a vote for the safety of the public and the en-vironment. It is a vote to protect the land and water that are threatened by oil spills. It is a vote for industry that wants certainty and clarity and doesn’t want to—or benefit from—wait years for rules to be finalized. For these rea-sons, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, the amendment seeks to carve out from the REINS Act’s reform regulations that concern natural gas or hazardous materials pipeline safety or the preven-tion of pipeline spills and their adverse impacts. We all support pipeline safety and the prevention of harm from pipeline spills, but there is no assurance that the amendment would guarantee the achievement of those goals. On the contrary, the amendment would shield from congressional accountability pro-cedures, regulations, that actually threaten to decrease safety. They also would shield from the bill’s congres-sional approval requirements new, ideologically driven regulations in-tended to impede America’s access to new sources of cheap, clean, and plenti-ful natural gas. The legislative body is the legislative body. We are trying to have oversight over the bureaucracy. The House and the Senate is not a bureaucracy. It is a legislative body, according to the Con-stitution that represents the people of the United States. Therefore, the House and the Senate and the Presi-dent should have the last say in wheth-er something becomes law or not. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, my opponent is right. It is the duty of Con-gress to provide rules and to provide guidelines and for the agencies to go into the details in creating these rules. I know that the other side is opposed to the rules. They have been touting about regulations, but poor regulations reduces jobs, too. It creates monopo-lies. It creates pollution. But that is not what we are talking about. What we are talking about is public safety. I think what we need to do is look at what is going to benefit the public safety and what is going to pro-tect people, lives, property, and the en-vironment. That is what this amend-ment does. It is simple. It exempts pipeline safety from H.R. 26. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, what better group, such as the Committee on Energy and Commerce or other com-mittees here, the full committees, the subcommittees, would be looking out and should be looking out for the pub-lic safety and the welfare than the 535 Members of Congress? I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. MCNER-
NEY). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . SCOTT OF  
VIRGINIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 115–1. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Section 804(4) of title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended to read by section 3 of the bill, is amended in subpara-graph (B), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end. Section 804(4) of title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended to read by section 3 of the bill, is amended in subpara-graph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’. Section 804(4) of title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended to read by section 3 of the bill, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) any rule that pertains to workplace health and safety made by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration or the Mine Safety and Health Administration that is necessary to prevent or reduce the inci-dence of traumatic injury, cancer or irre-versible lung disease.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 22, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.083 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH144 January 5, 2017 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, my amendment would exempt from coverage under the REINS Act any rule which pertains to workplace health and safety made by the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Administra-tion, OSHA, or the Mine Safety and Health Administration, MSHA, that is necessary to prevent or reduce the inci-dence of traumatic injury, cancer or ir-reversible lung disease. I am offering the amendment because we should not be creating obstacles to the protection of life and limb. We should be concerned about repealing such workplace rules. Actually, this concern is not theoretical. There was a report from the chairman of the Free-dom Caucus that actually calls for the repeal of multiple safety and health rules. b1700 One OSHA rule, for example, will re-duce slip, trip, and fall hazards, which are actually a leading cause of worker deaths and lost workday injuries. We found that this rule had not been up-dated since 1971, and OSHA has cal-culated that over 10 years the rule will prevent nearly 300 worker deaths and more than 58,000 lost-time injuries. The net benefit, cash benefit, of the rule is projected to be over $3 billion over 10 years. Another rule at risk is the mod-ernization of OSHA’s beryllium expo-sure limit, a 70-year-old standard that was obsolete even before it was issued. Workers who inhaled beryllium can de-velop debilitating, incurable, and fre-quently fatal illnesses. One known as chronic beryllium disease also in-creased lung cancer. In the 1940s, workers at the Atomic Energy Commission plants were con-tracting acute beryllium poisoning. To deal with the problem, two scientists agreed to set the exposure limit at 2 micrograms per cubic meter of air while sitting in the back of a taxicab on their way to a meeting. This dis-credited standard is often called the taxicab standard because there was no data to support it, and there is now sig-nificant scientific evidence that show that it has failed to protect workers. One cost of keeping the so-called taxicab standard is estimated at the loss of nearly 100 lives a year. So we need to make sure that this rule is up-dated. It is in final stages after 18 years of development. The finalized rule is expected to come out soon. Other rules involve mine safety and other safety and health concerns. The REINS Act would make it harder to protect workers’ health and safety. The bill would create more bureauc-racy by requiring that any major rule receive bicameral resolution of support within 70 legislative days prior to the rule taking effect. This bill even provides for a reach back to consider rules issued last spring. Under this bill, a single House of Congress could block a rule. That raises significant constitutional con-cerns. By allowing a one-House veto, the bill violates the presentment clause of the Constitution of the United States. My amendment ensures essential workplace safety protections are not jeopardized by this flawed legislation. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on my amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, this amendment carves out of the REINS Act’s congressional approval proce-dures any workplace safety rules issued by OSHA or the Mine Safety and Health Administration to reduce trau-matic injury, cancer, or lung disease. But please do not be fooled. This amendment is not about reducing these maladies. It is about transferring the power to decide how best to do so from elected Representatives, being House Members and Senators, to unaccount-able bureaucrats. Arriving at the right decision re-quires a delicate balancing of interests. Agencies can provide valuable exper-tise, but when there is a lot at stake, the ultimate decision on how best to strike that balance is properly made by elected officials accountable to the people. That is the intuition behind the REINS Act and the fundamental point that is lost on its opponents. Preventing workplace injury is a goal all Members share. This bill does not frustrate that goal. It merely ensures that elected Representatives make the final call about major decisions so that our Republic remains a government by the people as the Constitution’s Fram-ers designed. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURT -
NEY). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment, which really is a life-or-death question before the Chamber. On February 7, 2010, a bunch of work-ers who were at a natural gas plant construction site early in the morning lost their lives in a horrific explosion because there was a natural gas blow where they intentionally put natural gas through the pipe that was being in-stalled as a way of cleaning it. This is a practice which the pipe suppliers, Siemens, GE, and others have issued serious warning is an unsafe practice. Unfortunately, it wasn’t followed that day, so six men lost their lives. One of them was Ronnie Crabb, who was a dear friend of mine. It never should have happened be-cause, again, in the private sector, the workplace standard was there, but there was no workplace standard in OSHA, which is now, again, trapped in the Chemical Safety Board and the reg-ulatory process. This bill is just going to do nothing but, again, add additional obstacles so that preventive measures that OSHA is really about—it is about compliance, not retribution. There was a $16 mil-lion fine imposed after the fact. The company, the contractor, went out of business and paid just a fraction of it. That is not the way to protect workers’ lives. Let’s allow a healthy regulatory process with private sector input so that people like Ronnie Crabb won’t lose their lives in the future. Mr. Chairman, again, I strongly sup-port the Scott amendment. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 115–1. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made in order under the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, as proposed to be amended by section 3 of the bill, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing (and conforming the table of sections accordingly): ‘‘§ 808. Review of rules currently in effect ‘‘(a) A
NNUAL REVIEW .—Beginning on the date that is 6 months after the date of enact-ment of this section and annually thereafter for the 9 years following, each agency shall designate not less than 10 percent of eligible rules made by that agency for review, and shall submit a report including each such eli-gible rule in the same manner as a report under section 801(a)(1). Section 801, section 802, and section 803 shall apply to each such rule, subject to subsection (c) of this section. No eligible rule previously designated may be designated again. ‘‘(b) S
UNSET FOR ELIGIBLE RULES NOTEX-
TENDED .—Beginning after the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, if Congress has not enacted a joint res-olution of approval for that eligible rule, that eligible rule shall not continue in ef-fect. ‘‘(c) C
ONSOLIDATION ; SEVERABILITY .—In ap- plying sections 801, 802, and 803 to eligible rules under this section, the following shall apply: ‘‘(1) The words ‘take effect’ shall be read as ‘continue in effect’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.085 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H145 January 5, 2017 
‘‘(2) Except as provided in paragraph (3), a single joint resolution of approval shall apply to all eligible rules in a report des-ignated for a year, and the matter after the resolving clause of that joint resolution is as follows: ‘That Congress approves the rules submitted by the ll for the year ll.’ (The blank spaces being appropriately filled in). ‘‘(3) It shall be in order to consider any amendment that provides for specific condi-tions on which the approval of a particular eligible rule included in the joint resolution is contingent. ‘‘(4) A member of either House may move that a separate joint resolution be required for a specified rule. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘eligible rule’ means a rule that is in effect as of the date of enactment of this section.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 22, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, first, I want to say that I have been a long and strong supporter of the REINS Act. I want to compliment Congress-man Geoff Davis of Kentucky for intro-ducing and crafting that legislation. While he was doing that, I was drafting a bill that I named the Sunset Act, and I looked at this from the broad scope of this, that we have a lot of regulations that exist and have existed for decades. Some of them are burdensome and some of them are not. The effect of the REINS Act, which I certainly will support on a final pas-sage, hopefully with the King amend-ment adopted in it, but the REINS Act de facto simply grandfathers in exist-ing regulations. So it is only prospec-tive. It addresses the major regulations going forward, but not those that we are stuck with, such as the Waters of the United States, the Clean Power Plan, the overtime rule, the fiduciary rule, the net neutrality rule, the Dodd- Frank rules, and, heaven forbid, the ObamaCare rules if we should fail to re-peal ObamaCare. So what the King amendment does is it directs and allows the agencies and the executive branch of government to send a minimum of 10 percent of their regulations to the Congress each year for the duration of a decade encom-passing a full 100 percent of all the reg-ulations in place at the time of passage and enactment of the underlying legis-lation. That gives Congress, then, authority and a vote over all of this. It gives us an ability to amend that legislation. We can pass them all en banc, we can amend them accordingly, or we can do what our Founding Fathers envisioned we should do. That is the essence of this. By the way, President-elect Trump has made some strong pledges on dra-matically reducing regulation in the United States. He doesn’t have the tools without the King amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the King amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I oppose this amendment, which estab-lishes an idiosyncratic process estab-lishing an automatic sunset of public health and safety protections. It re-quires that agencies conduct an annual review of current rules to designate 10 percent of its existing rules to be eliminated within 10 years of the bill’s enactment unless Congress enacts a joint resolution of approval for eligible bills. Now, I understand to the listening public that sounds kind of complicated, but the bottom line is they want to do away—my friends on the other side of the aisle—with net neutrality, which is something that a Federal agency re-quires. So if you want the Internet, which we all built and paid for through the Federal Government through our taxes and then we turned it over to the private sector, but we still have a pub-lic interest in the net being neutral so that all traffic flows equally over the Web without some being slower than others according to how much you can afford to pay. That is not fair. So this King amendment is a part of a regulatory scheme proposed by this legislation, the REINS Act, which is going to hurt Americans. It is going to hurt the health, safety, and well-being of the people when you are not able to have clean water, clean food, edible food, safe products, clean air, and clean water. These are the things that the REINS Act gets at. It doesn’t want Americans to be healthy. It doesn’t want the Internet to be neutral. Why? Because corporate America and Wall Street put people in office to do their bidding. That is what the REINS Act is all about. This King amendment will make it worse. Under current law, Federal agencies already conduct an extensive retro-spective review process of existing rules and have already saved taxpayers billions of dollars in cost savings. Since 2011, the Obama administration has made a durable commitment to en-suring retrospective review of existing regulatory protections. Under Execu-tive Orders 13563 and 13610, the admin-istration has required that of agencies. According to Howard Shelanski, the administrator of the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs under the Obama administration, the Obama ad-ministration’s retrospective review ini-tiative has achieved an estimated $37 billion in cost savings, reduced paper-work, and other benefits for Americans over the past 5 years. Furthermore, as the Obama adminis-tration has stated in the context of a veto threat of a similarly draconian antiregulatory proposal in a previous Congress, ‘‘It is important that retro-spective review efforts not unneces-sarily constrain an agency’s ability to provide a timely response to critical public health or safety issues, or con-strain its ability to implement new statutory provisions.’’ That is what the King amendment would do. In fact, because agencies are already committed to a thorough review proc-ess to identify and eliminate regu-latory burdens, it may be impossible for agencies to make additional cuts without severely affecting public health and safety. Lastly, while the majority has re-peatedly noted that H.R. 26 is forward- looking legislation, this amendment would make the bill apply retro-actively to protections and safeguards that exist at the bill’s date of enact-ment, a bald attempt to gut protec-tions adopted by the Obama adminis-tration, including net neutrality. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amend-ment, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I reserve the balance of my time. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 427—REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECUTIVE IN  
NEED OF SCRUTINY ACT OF 2015 —REP. YOUNG , 
R–IN, AND 171 COSPONSORS  The Administration is committed to ensur-ing that regulations are smart and effective, and tailored to further statutory goals in the most cost-effective and efficient manner. Ac-cordingly, the Administration strongly op-poses House passage of H.R. 427, the Regula-tions from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015, which would impose an unprece-dented requirement that a joint resolution of approval be enacted by the Congress before any major rule of an Executive Branch agen-cy could have force or effect. This radical de-parture from the longstanding separation of powers between the Executive and Legisla-tive branches would delay and, in many cases, thwart implementation of statutory mandates and execution of duly-enacted laws, create business uncertainty, undermine much-needed protections of the American public, and cause unnecessary confusion. There is no justification for such an un-precedented requirement. When a Federal agency promulgates a major rule, it must al-ready adhere to the particular requirements of the statute that it is implementing and to the constraints imposed by other Federal statutes and the Constitution. Indeed, in many cases, the Congress has mandated that the agency issue the particular rule. The agency must also comply with the rule-making requirements of the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 551 et seq.). When an agency issues a major rule, it must perform analyses of benefits and costs, analyses that are typically required by one or more stat-utes (such as the Regulatory Flexibility Act, the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, and the Paperwork Reduction Act) as well as by Ex-ecutive Orders 12866 and 13563. In addition, this Administration has al-ready taken numerous steps to reduce regu-latory costs and to ensure that all major reg-ulations are designed to maximize net bene-fits to society. Executive Order 13563 re-quires careful cost-benefit analysis, public participation, harmonization of rulemaking across agencies, flexible regulatory ap-proaches, and a regulatory retrospective re-view. In addition, Executive Order 13610 fur-ther institutionalizes retrospective review by requiring agencies to report regularly on the ways in which they are identifying and reducing the burden of existing regulations. Finally, agency rules are subject to the ju-risdiction of Federal courts. Moreover, for the past 19 years, the Con-gress itself has had the opportunity, under the Congressional Review Act of 1996, to re-view on an individual basis the rules—both major and non-major—that Federal agencies have issued. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.022 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH146 January 5, 2017 
By replacing this well-established frame-work with a blanket requirement of Congres-sional approval, H.R. 427 would throw all major regulations into a months-long limbo, fostering uncertainty and impeding business investment that is vital to economic growth. Maintaining an appropriate allocation of re-sponsibility between the two branches is es-sential to ensuring that the Nation’s regu-latory system effectively protects public health, welfare, safety, and our environment, while also promoting economic growth, inno-vation, competitiveness, and job creation. If the President were presented with H.R. 427, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I would inquire as to how much time may be remaining for each side. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Iowa has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Georgia has half a minute remaining. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ARINO ). Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I fully support Congressman K
ING’s amendment. It improves the viability of the REINS Act and makes sure that the responsibility of legislation is in the hands of we legislators. Let me just ask this simple question. My good friend on the other side says that we should let the agencies and de-partments regulate and make rules. Let me ask this: How has it been going in the last 20 years in this country? We are $20 trillion in debt, and 20 million people are out of work or un-deremployed. Are we going to continue to let bu-reaucrats make these decisions that crush jobs? No, I don’t think so. It is our respon-sibility in the House and it is our re-sponsibility in the Senate. We can hear from those individuals, as I have re-peatedly said here, in those agencies. We need to make the final decision be-cause just look at the track record over the last 20, 30 years of unelected bureaucrats making these rules, laws, and regulations. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, we can’t blame a $20 trillion def-icit or debt on nameless, faceless bu-reaucrats. We can blame a lot of that debt on the George Bush administra-tion and the legislators who voted for tax cuts for the wealthy that were not paid for and funded two wars that were not paid for. That is what we can blame that $20 trillion debt on. b1715 Again, if you are in favor of net neu-trality, you should oppose this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, first, I would say that yes, we can blame a lot of debt and def-icit on a burden of regulations. We can blame it because there is a huge cost to our executive branch of government. That cost, much of it, the unnecessary component, all that goes against our debt and deficit. We saw, as Barack Obama came in as President, we had a $10 trillion debt, which he was very critical of through-out his campaign in 2007 and 2008. Now, as he leaves office here, thankfully, in a couple of weeks, it is a $20 trillion debt, and we can start to ratchet this thing back down. Looking at the Obama administra-tion and their reports on the costs of regulation, they come up with this number reported to the Heritage Foun-dation that the annual cost of regula-tions to the United States, according to the Obama administration, is $108 billion, Mr. Chairman. So that is what we are looking at here for costs. But I want to get at the real meat of this. Article I of the Constitution says Congress shall make all law. Yet, we have the courts making laws across the street, and we have regulations coming at us at a rate of—and I expressed to the gentleman from Georgia—ten-to- one. For every law we passed in the 114th Congress, there were at least 10 regulations that were poured over our head, and we are sitting in a place where we don’t have the tools to undo them. Now we have a President that is ready, and he wants to undo these reg-ulations. If we make him march through the Administrative Procedure Act, it is heavy, it is burdensome, and it is time-consuming. But the King amendment gives the tools for the next President of the United States to work with Congress to trim this regulatory burden down. And the most important part is, it makes all of us in the House and the Senate accountable then for all of the regulations. The APA was allowed to dish off this legislative responsibility to the execu-tive branch. Congress took a pass. They ducked their responsibility of being accountable for all legislation and found a way to be producing less than 10 percent of the legislation that exists even in a given year. The King amendment says that over the period of a decade, 10 percent a year at a minimum, Congress will have to review all the regulations. The peo-ple from across America—we the peo-ple—will weigh in on that regulation. And then an even better part is not only will we be accountable here in Congress—and we should be—but when the nameless, faceless bureaucrats are across the desk from our constituents and they refuse to listen to our con-stituents, there is going to be a little bug in the back of their ear that is going to be saying to them: You know what? This constituent that may be losing their business over this regula-tion, the next stop they make is going to be with their Congressman. These regulations that we promulgated are going to be subject then to being re-pealed by the United States Congress, as they should be. Support the King amendment. It puts the authority back into the hands of Article I, we the people. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. KING). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be post-poned. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) having assumed the chair, Mr. P
OEof Texas, Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 26) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect un-less a joint resolution of approval is en-acted into law, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
OBJECTING TO UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUNCIL RESOLUTION 2334 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, pursuant to House Resolution 22, I call up the resolution (H. Res. 11) ob-jecting to United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 as an obstacle to Israeli-Palestinian peace, and for other purposes, and ask for its imme-diate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 22, the resolu-tion is considered read. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 11 Whereas the United States has long sup-ported a negotiated settlement leading to a sustainable two-state solution with the democratic, Jewish state of Israel and a de-militarized, democratic Palestinian state living side-by-side in peace and security; Whereas since 1993, the United States has facilitated direct, bilateral negotiations be-tween both parties toward achieving a two- state solution and ending all outstanding claims; Whereas it is the long-standing policy of the United States that a peaceful resolution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict will only come through direct, bilateral negotiations between the two parties; Whereas it is the long-standing position of the United States to oppose and, if nec-essary, veto United Nations Security Council resolutions dictating additional binding pa-rameters on the peace process; Whereas it is the long-standing position of the United States to oppose and, if nec-essary, veto one-sided or anti-Israel resolu-tions at the United Nations Security Coun-cil; Whereas the United States has stood in the minority internationally over successive Ad-ministrations in defending Israel in inter-national forums, including vetoing one-sided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.051 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H147 January 5, 2017 
resolutions in 2011, 2006, 2004, 2003, 2002, 2001, 1997, and 1995 before the United Nations Se-curity Council; Whereas the United States recently signed a new Memorandum of Understanding with the Government of Israel regarding security assistance, consistent with longstanding sup-port for Israel among successive Administra-tions and congresses and representing an im-portant United States commitment toward Israel’s qualitative military edge; Whereas on November 29, 2016, the House of Representatives unanimously passed House Concurrent Resolution 165, expressing the sense of Congress and reaffirming long-standing United States policy in support of a direct bilaterally negotiated settlement of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and opposi-tion to United Nations Security Council res-olutions imposing a solution to the conflict; Whereas on December 23, 2016, the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations disregarded House Concur-rent Resolution 165 and departed from long-standing United States policy by abstaining and permitting United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 to be adopted under Chapter VI of the United Nations Charter; Whereas the United States’ abstention on United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 contradicts the Oslo Accords and its as-sociated process that is predicated on resolv-ing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict between the parties through direct negotiations; Whereas United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 claims that ‘‘the establish-ment by Israel of settlements in the Pales-tinian territory occupied since 1967, includ-ing East Jerusalem, has no legal validity and constitutes a flagrant violation under inter-national law and a major obstacle to the achievement of the two-State solution and a just, lasting and comprehensive peace’’; Whereas by referring to the ‘‘4 June 1967 lines’’ as the basis for negotiations, United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 ef-fectively states that the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem and the Western Wall, Judaism’s holiest site, are ‘‘occupied territory’’ thereby equating these sites with outposts in the West Bank that the Israeli government has deemed illegal; Whereas passage of United Nations Secu-rity Council Resolution 2334 effectively lends legitimacy to efforts by the Palestinian Au-thority to impose its own solution through international organizations and through un-justified boycotts or divestment campaigns against Israel by calling ‘‘upon all States, bearing in mind paragraph 1 of this resolu-tion, to distinguish, in their relevant deal-ings, between the territory of the State of Israel and the territories occupied since 1967’’, and will require the United States and Israel to take effective action to counteract the potential harmful impact of United Na-tions Security Council Resolution 2334; Whereas UNSCR 2334 did not directly call upon Palestinian leadership to fulfill their obligations toward negotiations or mention that part of the eventual Palestinian state is currently controlled by Hamas, a designated terrorist organization; and Whereas United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 both sought to impose or un-duly influence solutions to final status issues, and is biased against Israel: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That — (1) it is the sense of the House of Rep-resentatives that— (A) the passage of United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 undermined the long-standing position of the United States to oppose and veto United Nations Security Council resolutions that seek to impose solu-tions to final status issues, or are one-sided and anti-Israel, reversing decades of bipar-tisan agreement; (B) the passage of United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 undermines the pros-pect of Israelis and Palestinians resuming productive, direct negotiations; (C) the passage of United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 contributes to the politically motivated acts of boycott, divest-ment from, and sanctions against Israel and represents a concerted effort to extract con-cessions from Israel outside of direct nego-tiations between the Israelis and Palestin-ians, which must be actively rejected; (D) any future measures taken in inter-national or outside organizations, including the United Nations Security Council or at the Paris conference on the Israeli-Pales-tinian conflict scheduled for January 15, 2017, to impose an agreement, or parameters for an agreement including the recognition of a Palestinian state, will set back the cause of peace, harm the security of Israel, run counter to the enduring bipartisan con-sensus on strengthening the United States- Israel relationship, and weaken support for such organizations; (E) a durable and sustainable peace agree-ment between Israel and the Palestinians will come only through direct bilateral nego-tiations between the parties resulting in a Jewish, democratic state living side-by-side next to a demilitarized Palestinian state in peace and security; (F) the United States should work to facili-tate serious, direct negotiations between the parties without preconditions toward a sus-tainable peace agreement; and (G) the United States Government should oppose and veto future United Nations Secu-rity Council resolutions that seek to impose solutions to final status issues, or are one- sided and anti-Israel; and (2) the House of Representatives opposes United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 and will work to strengthen the United States-Israel relationship, and calls for United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 to be repealed or fundamentally altered so that— (A) it is no longer one-sided and anti- Israel; and (B) it allows all final status issues toward a two-state solution to be resolved through direct bilateral negotiations between the parties. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN), the es-teemed Speaker of the House. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I would like to read you a quote: ‘‘Peace is hard work. Peace will not come through statements and resolu-tions at the United Nations—if it were that easy, it would have been accom-plished by now. Ultimately, it is the Israelis and the Palestinians who must live side by side.’’ That was President Obama in 2011, and he was right. I am stunned at what happened last month. This government—our govern-ment—abandoned our ally, Israel, when she needed us the most. Do not be fooled. This U.N. Security Council res-olution was not about settlements, and it certainly was not about peace. It was about one thing and one thing only: Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish, democratic state. These types of one-sided efforts are designed to isolate and delegitimize Israel. They do not advance peace. They make it more elusive. The cornerstone of our special rela-tionship with Israel has always been right here in Congress. This institu-tion, the heart of our democracy, has stood by the Jewish state through thick and thin. We were there for her when rockets rained down on Tel Aviv. We were there for her by passing his-toric legislation to combat the boy-cott, divestment, and sanctions move-ment. And we have been there for her by ensuring Israel has the tools to de-fend herself against those who seek her destruction. In every one of those instances, Re-publicans and Democrats worked to-gether to get these things done. That is because our historic alliance with Israel transcends party labels and par-tisan bickering. We see that bipartisan-ship right here on the House floor today in condemning this anti-Israel resolution. I want to thank our Chairman ED R
OYCE , Ranking Member E LIOT ENGEL , and all of our Members on both sides of the aisle for speaking out on this issue and for helping assemble this legisla-tion. It sends a powerful message, and it turns a page. It is time to repair the damage done by this misguided hit job at the U.N. It is time to rebuild our partnership with Israel and reaffirm our commitment to her security. It is time to show all of our allies that, regardless of the shameful events of last week, the United States remains a force for good. I ask the whole House to support this resolution on behalf of the American people. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 15 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (D
AVID PRICE), and I ask unanimous consent that he be allowed to control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure, and I thank the Speaker for his words. I want to start by thanking Chair-man E
DROYCE , who authored this reso-lution. I am proud to be the lead Demo-cratic cosponsor and glad to say that more than 30 Democrats representing a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.023 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH148 January 5, 2017 
broad cross-section of our party have signed on as cosponsors of this bipar-tisan legislation. E
DROYCE and I have worked together for the past 4 years, and we believe that foreign policy should be bipartisan and that partisanship should stop at the water’s edge. Frankly, this is what we are doing today. We are condemning what happened because we think it is unfair and unjust. I want to also mention that I join with my friend from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE) in authoring an amend-ment to this resolution that wasn’t ac-cepted which emphasizes a two-state solution. I want to thank Mr. P
RICE for his hard work on that approach, and I support it. We talk in this resolution about a two-state solution as well. Mr. Speaker, throughout its entire history, the State of Israel has never gotten a fair shake from the United Nations. Year after year after year, member states manipulate the U.N. to bully our ally, Israel, to pile on with one-sided resolutions, placing all of the blame for the ongoing conflict on Israel. We saw a resolution like this come before the Security Council a few weeks ago, and today the House of Rep-resentative will go on record saying that that U.N. resolution is wrong, plain and simple. And frankly, we should not have voted for that. The Security Council resolution is highly critical of Israel yet asks noth-ing directly of the Palestinians. That is biased, that is unfair, and that is not balanced. Again, we should have op-posed it. We should have vetoed it. The language about Jerusalem is not new but it remains deeply offensive to Jews, whose holiest site lies on the Temple Mount in East Jerusalem. The Kotel, the Holy Western Wall, is simply nonoccupied territory. And it is offen-sive to hear that. So in the measure the House is con-sidering today, we repudiate this flawed Security Council resolution. And at the same time, we will say once again that we support a two-state solu-tion, that the only way to reach that goal is through direct negotiations be-tween the Israelis and the Palestinians, and that this shameful Security Coun-cil resolution put that goal further out of reach. Mr. Speaker, the international com-munity faces the longest suppressing issues: mass killings in South Sudan, a crisis in Yemen, a humanitarian dis-aster in Syria, Russia’s illegal occupa-tion of the Ukraine, and North Korea’s nuclear weapons program. Yet, rather than deal with those critical problems, the member states of the U.N. have chosen instead to use the international body to embarrass Israel. It is out-rageous. This House Resolution that I am cosponsoring with Mr. R
OYCE right-fully says that it is outrageous. I think it was a mistake for the cur-rent administration to abstain on this vote in the U.N. I have been very clear about that, but I want to be fair. Be-fore anyone turns this into another at-tack on President Obama, we should be aware of the history of this issue. This is the first time in 8 years the Obama administration has allowed a resolution, opposed by Israel, to go for-ward. The George Bush administration allowed it to happen 6 times; the Clin-ton administration, 3 times; the first Bush administration, 6 times; and the Reagan administration, 10 times, in-cluding voting for one strongly con-demning Israel for its ‘‘premeditated and unprecedented attack of aggres-sion’’ when it wisely destroyed Iraq’s nuclear weapons reactor in 1981. But regardless of that history, it doesn’t justify these latest abstentions. My mother used to say that two wrongs don’t make a right. And she was right. It was wrong then, and it is wrong now. I think allowing governments to bully Israel and the U.N. is a mistake, no matter who is in power. Instead, let’s focus on what we should be doing when it comes to advancing the two- state solution. This resolution calls for us to get back to the policy that many of us sup-port: one, standing with Israel and the United Nations; two, stopping one- sided resolutions; and three, supporting direct negotiations as the only way to move toward a two-state solution. This resolution says all that. Every one in this Congress should be voting for it because it is balanced. I am pleased to support this resolution, and I urge all Members to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to begin by thanking the ranking member, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). I thank him for working with me in a bipartisan man-ner not just on this resolution but on the one that we worked on late last year—a unanimous vote by this body directing the administration not to take the steps that the administration has taken. I appreciate the leader and the Speaker as well working with us to en-sure this resolution was brought quick-ly to the floor of this House. Today, we put Congress on record ob-jecting to the recent U.N. Security Council resolution that hurt our ally, that hurt Israel, and I believe that puts an enduring peace further out of reach. b1730 Mr. Speaker, the United States has long recognized that a solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict can only come about through direct bilateral ne-gotiations between these two parties, and that is why it is longstanding U.S. policy to veto the many one-sided, the many anti-Israel resolutions at the United Nations Security Council that violate that principle. But just the other week, the Obama administration broke with this long-standing U.S. policy by failing to veto U.N. Security Council Resolution 2334. This dangerous resolution effectively states that the Jewish quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem and the Western Wall, Judaism’s holiest site, are, in the words of the resolution, ‘‘occupied ter-ritory.’’ Why would we not veto that? It also lends legitimacy to efforts by the Palestinian Authority to put pres-sure on Israel through the U.N. rather than to go through the process of en-gaging in direct negotiations, and it puts wind in the sails of the shameful boycott divestment and sanctions movement. Unquestionably, this U.N. Security Council action damages the prospects for peace. The resolution and the bul-lying and harassment of Israel that it will spur only happened for one reason: the Obama administration let it hap-pen—and that went against the dis-tinct warnings from this body. Mr. ENGEL and I engaged in letters, in conversations with senior adminis-tration officials seeking their assur-ance that the United States would veto one-sided, anti-Israel resolutions. In November, the House unanimously, all of us, passed a resolution which warned the administration against taking such last-minute action. With that resolution, H. Con. Res. 165, the House unanimously stated that the United States Government should continue to oppose and veto United Na-tions Security Council resolutions that seek to impose solutions to final-status issues or are one-sided and anti-Israel. Yet the administration rejected the call from Congress and chose a course that will bring harm for years to come by failing to veto U.N. Security Coun-cil Resolution 2334. If the Palestinians want a lasting peace, they must accept that Israel, not the U.N., is their negotiating part-ner; and that means ending the incite-ment to violence against Israelis that goes on in so many of the mosques, that goes on in the schools, that goes on in the newspapers and on television there. It also means ending—and I think this is the most important fact, because leaving this out of the resolu-tion at the U.N. is beyond me—their pay-to-slay scheme. You talk about a lack of balance. Here we have a situation where, since 2003, it has been Palestinian law to re-ward Palestinian terrorists—terror-ists—to go out, and they are given this incitement, this stipend for life. The more mayhem they create, the more horrific the number of civilians they attack and, therefore, the longer the sentence, the more they know: Well, I can serve my time, and then when I get out, I can get this stipend for the rest of my life—and it is larger and larger, depending upon the amount of may-hem—and if I don’t make it, or if I am a suicide bomber, my family gets the stipend. That, by law, is the way the Pales-tinian Authority has engineered this, costing the lives—and you can read 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.093 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H149 January 5, 2017 
about it every month of those civilians attacked on the streets. It is not just Israelis, of course. Taylor Force, a U.S. Marine, was killed simply because he was in Israel, but it was by someone re-sponding to the incitement. So $300 million per year spent by the Palestinian Authority to do that. No mention of that, of course, by the United Nations. And that is why to-day’s action is so important, to dem-onstrate our united opposition to U.N. Security Council Resolution 2334, call for its repeal, to head off any more moves the Obama administration might have in the next few days with respect to the Paris conference next week as well, and to provide the foun-dation for the next administration to move forcefully to counteract its dan-gerous impact. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, Mr. E
NGEL , for yielding a por-tion of his time to opponents of this resolution. I also appreciate his will-ingness to work with me and other Members on our alternative resolution that is more accurate and less divisive, a resolution, unfortunately, the major-ity has denied a hearing for on the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H. Res. 11. The resolution before us today fails to credibly reaffirm our Na-tion’s support for a two-state solution. It provides an inaccurate accounting of the United States’ longstanding policy toward the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. It includes reckless and divisive charges regarding the recent United Nations Security Council resolution, designed, it would appear, solely to em-barrass the outgoing administration. It falsely claims, for example, that the Security Council resolution ‘‘con-tradicts the Oslo Accords.’’ It goes so far as to link the resolution to the boy-cott and divestiture movement. Mr. Speaker, there is room for honest debate about the U.N. resolution and about the U.S. decision to abstain, but there is not room, there shouldn’t be room, for this kind of disgraceful dis-tortion. H. Res. 11 doesn’t really en-gage the issues; it obscures and dis-torts them. I would suggest that both those who support and oppose recent U.S. actions should oppose this irresponsible and di-visive resolution. It does distort the record. In fact, during the Obama ad-ministration, fewer U.N. Security Council resolutions related to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict have passed than under any other modern Presi-dency. In fact, the December resolution is the only one that has passed under President Obama’s leadership; and if you want a fair and comprehensive ac-count of the thinking that went into that difficult decision, I commend to every Member Samantha Power’s statement at the United Nations, one of the finest statements of its sort that I have ever read. H. Res. 11 also doesn’t take into ac-count the fact that Republican and Democratic administrations alike have allowed Security Council resolutions addressing the Israeli-Palestinian con-flict to pass, many of which were op-posed by Israel. The fact is H. Res. 11 runs a real risk of undermining the credibility of the United States Con-gress as a proactive force working to-ward a two-state solution. In this period of great geopolitical turmoil and uncertainty, we must reaf-firm those fundamental aspects of our foreign policy, including our strong and unwavering support for Israel, while also demonstrating to the world that we are committed to a diplomacy that defends human rights and pro-motes Israeli and Palestinian states that live side by side in peace and secu-rity, a formulation that has character-ized our country’s diplomacy for dec-ades. At best, Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 11 would muddy the waters of our diplo-macy and foreign policy. At worst, it could undermine our decade-long ef-forts to achieve a just and lasting peace between Israelis and Palestin-ians. I can’t, in good faith, support the adoption of this resolution, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, in response briefly, we did have a substitute from Mr. P
RICE, and we looked at that substitute, but it did not once mention the United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334. Mr. E
NGEL and I have worked hard together, in good faith and in a bipar-tisan manner, to develop a measure that rejects and repudiates this dan-gerous U.N. resolution that was passed; and also, ours warns the White House against taking additional measures in the last few weeks of the current ad-ministration. I think it is important to remind the body that this is very con-cerning, given the backdrop of the Paris conference on the 15th of this month and the very real concern that the President could take further steps at the U.N. Again, Mr. P
RICE’s amendment did not include this urgent warning. I want to say that I am happy to work with Mr. P
RICE in a bipartisan manner once the Committee on Foreign Affairs or-ganizes, but time is of the essence. We must act to reject United Nations Se-curity Council Resolution 2334, not re-main silent on it, and we have got to limit the damage that the administra-tion has caused to prospects for a last-ing peace. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ), chairman emeritus of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank our esteemed chairman for the time. This resolution, Mr. Speaker, will not undo the damage that has been done at the Security Council, but it sends an important message to the world that the United States Congress resoundingly and in a strong bipartisan manner disapproves of the vote taken on Resolution 2334, and it sends a warn-ing to the nations that will gather in Paris next week to discuss the peace process that there will be repercussions if there is a move to introduce a pa-rameters resolution before the 20th in an effort to further isolate Israel. Our closest friend and ally, the demo-cratic Jewish State of Israel, has been under constant attack by the United Nations. Abu Mazen and the Palestin-ians have pushed a campaign to delegitimize the Jewish state, to un-dermine the peace process, to achieve unilateral statehood recognition. We have seen it this year at UNESCO, where that sham of an institution voted on several occasions to deny and distance Jewish and Christian histor-ical and cultural ties to Jerusalem. We have seen it at the Human Rights Council, where Israel is constantly de-monized and falsely accused of human rights violations while the real abusers of human rights go unpunished because that body has utterly failed to uphold its mandate. This is a body that allows the worst abusers of human rights— like Cuba, Venezuela, and China—to actually sit in judgment of human rights worldwide. What a pathetic joke. Yet the only thing they can agree on is to attack Israel, the only democracy in the Middle East and the only place in the region where human rights are pro-tected. We have seen this scheme to delegitimize Israel at the General As-sembly, where, in its closing legislative session, the General Assembly passed 20—20—anti-Israel resolutions and only 4, combined, for the entire world. These institutions have no credi-bility, and now we have the unfortu-nate circumstance of the White House deciding to abstain from this anti- Israel, one-sided resolution at the Se-curity Council. Our ally was aban-doned, and credibility and momentum were given to the Palestinian schemes to delegitimize the Jewish state, to un-dermine the peace process. While the damage has been done, Mr. Speaker, by this act of cowardice at the Security Council, we will have an opportunity to reverse that damage. In the coming weeks and months, this Congress and the incoming administra-tion must show unyielding support for our ally Israel and undo the damage done. This resolution by the chairman and the ranking member is an all-impor-tant first step that signals our intent. I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I look forward to working with Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL in further strength-ening our U.S.-Israel bond. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
HERMAN ), my good friend and senior member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.095 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH150 January 5, 2017 
b1745 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, let’s look at the historic timeline. The Reagan administration and other ad-ministrations have failed in the past to veto anti-Israel resolutions, and that failure has not been helpful to the cause of peace. Over the last two dec-ades, Israel has frozen or removed set-tlements in an effort to negotiate peace, all to no avail. On November 29 of last year, this House unanimously urged our U.N. Am-bassador to veto any U.N. resolution that sought to impose peace settlement terms. But a month later, our U.N. Am-bassador ignored the input of this House and allowed the U.N. to adopt a one-sided resolution that sought to im-pose peace terms on the parties. Worse yet, that U.N. resolution equates the Western Wall, Judaism’s holiest site, with outposts deep in the West Bank that are illegal under Israeli law. Today we consider a House resolution that has over 30 Democratic cospon-sors. It is not a pro-settlements resolu-tion. It strongly and repeatedly reaf-firms our support for a two-state solu-tion, achieved through direct negotia-tions, and it objects to a U.N. resolu-tion that set back the cause of peace. Vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), the long-time chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding and for offering this important resolution, along with the ranking member, and I am proud to be a co-sponsor. President Obama’s decision to ab-stain and not veto Security Council Resolution 2334 seriously undermines the peace process, abandons Israel at a critical hour in its life as a nation, and does serious injury to the historical record. The egregiously flawed U.N. text says that all Israeli settlements after the 1949 armistice line including East Jeru-salem and West Bank have no legal va-lidity and constitutes a flagrant viola-tion under international law. The pending House resolution repudi-ates 2334 and makes clear that a dura-ble and sustainable peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians will only come through direct bilateral negotiations, not one-sided, anti-Israel U.N. resolutions. Mr. Speaker, the U.N. resolution could open Israeli leaders and even av-erage Israeli settlers to criminal pros-ecution. Israel’s enemies are likely to exploit 2334 by seeking prosecutions in venues like the International Criminal Court for construction activities, even though the vast majority of this activ-ity takes place legally, pursuant to Israeli law. A few hours ago, the European Jew-ish press reported that ‘‘Leaders of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations called for France to cancel or, at least, post-pone what they called an ‘ill-conceived, poorly timed and damaging’ event—the Paris Mideast conference—scheduled for January 15.’’ I hope that we will also call upon our government not to go to this right be-fore a transition of the White House and the Presidency and mischief that could be forthcoming from that. They pointed out in their statement that ‘‘Israel has long sought direct talks’’ and ‘‘it is time for the Pales-tinian leaders to stop evading their re-sponsibility and seeking to use inter-national fora to avoid the only true path to a lasting peace’’—and that is a negotiated settlement. Nathan Diament of the Union of Or-thodox Jewish Congregations of Amer-ica pointed out that the U.N. has a long-established bias against Israel. As my good friend from Florida said a mo-ment ago, 20 anti-Israel resolutions against just 4 in 2016—a bias and a dis-crimination against Israel. President Obama’s decision to abstain and not veto Security Council Resolution 2334 se-riously undermines the peace process, aban-dons Israel at a critical hour in its life as a na-tion, and does serious injury to the historical record. The egregiously flawed UN text says that all Israeli settlements after the 1949 armistice line including East Jerusalem and the West Bank have no legal validity and constitutes a fla-grant violation under international law. The pending House resolution repudiates 2334 and makes clear that a durable and sus-tainable peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians will only come through direct bilateral negotiations not one-sided anti-Israel UN resolutions. With over three thousand years of Jewish history bound up in East Jerusalem and the West Bank, it is preposterous to assert that Israel has no legitimacy in defending its con-nections to this extraordinary heritage. Sadly, these kinds of prejudiced and revisionist claims are all too common in the United Na-tions where UNESCO voted just a couple months ago on measures that excise any mention of Judaism and Christianity’s ancient ties to East Jerusalem. Mr. Speaker, the UN Resolution could open Israeli leaders and even average Israeli set-tlers to criminal prosecution. Israel’s enemies are likely to exploit 2334 by seeking prosecu-tions in venues like the International Criminal Court (ICC) for construction activities, even though the vast majority of this activity takes place legally, pursuant to Israeli law. By calling on countries to distinguish be-tween the State of Israel and Israeli settle-ments, 2334 enables the narrative of the anti- Semitic boycott, divestment, and sanctions movement, or BDS movement, that is aimed at delegitimizing Israel. And in mere days, the error of 2334 could be further compounded. A few hours ago the European Jewish Press reported that ‘‘Leaders of the Con-ference of Presidents of Major American Jew-ish Organizations called for France to cancel or, at least, postpone what they called an ‘ill- conceived, poorly timed and damaging’ event—the Paris Mideast conference—sched-uled for January 15th.’’ ‘‘The international community should not plunge forward with the ill-conceired and poor-ly timed Paris conference,’’ CPMAJO Chair-man Stephen M. Greenberg and Vice Chair-man and CEO Malcolm Hoenlein said in a statement . . . According to the Conference of Presidents, there are a number of compelling reasons to postpone the Paris event, including the impending transition to the Trump adminis-tration, just five days later. ‘‘It makes no sense that the next administration is precluded from participating in a discussion of an essential component of U.S. foreign policy with which it will be engaged,’’ they explained. ‘‘ ‘Israel has long sought direct talks, it is time for the Palestinian leaders to stop evad-ing their responsibility and seeking to use international fora to avoid the only true path to a lasting peace,’ they added. Hoenlein cau-tioned it was possible the Obama administra-tion could—following the recent passage of the anti-Israeli settlement Security Council res-olution—take a ‘further damaging step against the Jewish state before President-elect Donald Trump takes office.’ ’’ Nathan Diament, Executive Director of the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America, wrote me a letter today and said, ‘‘On December 23, 2016, the UN Security Council passed Resolution 2334, a blatantly anti-Israel resolution condemning Israel’s building of settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem. It has long been U.S. policy that any progress toward an agreement in the region must be based on direct negotiations between Israeli and Palestinian leaders, not a vote of third-party nations at the UN.’’ ‘‘Unfortunately the UN has a long and es-tablished bias against Israel. In 2016 alone, the UN General Assembly adopted 20 anti- Israel resolutions and just four against other countries: North Korea, Syria, Iran and Russia. The World Health Organization condemned Israel as the world’s only violator of ‘mental, physical and environmental health,’ while the U.N. Women condemned Israel as the world’s only violator of women’s rights. The Inter-national Labor Organization condemned Israel as the world’s only violator of labor rights. These same UN committees were silent on the issue of human rights violations in China, Libya, or the Congo.’’ ‘‘Clearly, the UN has an agenda to under-mine and delegitimize the state of Israel, and in that regard UN support for Resolution 2334 was not surprising. What was surprising—and deeply concerning—was the silence of the United States on this issue. Rather than exer-cising its veto power, the United States chose to abstain from voting, and thereby threatened the trust and support Israel has long placed in its most important ally. Over the course of his presidency, Mr. Obama has repeatedly as-sured American Jews and others concerned about Israel’s security and welfare that his commitment to U.S. support for Israel’s secu-rity was ‘unshakeable.’ By allowing the UN Se-curity Council’s resolution to pass in the final weeks of his Administration, President Obama undermined his legacy and threatened the longstanding alliance between the United States and Israel.’’ ‘‘Whether the abstaining vote was a parting statement from the Obama Administration or the influence of anti-Israeli forces at the UN, the incoming Trump Administration and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.098 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H151 January 5, 2017 
115th Congress must make the United States’ support of Israel and our common goals of peace, democracy, and fighting terrorism—a pillar of its foreign policy. Today’s resolution condemning UN Resolution 2334 will send an important message to the world that the United States stands with Israel and will con-tinue to support our common goals.’’ Mr. Speaker, before concluding, I would like to note that many of us in Congress have been warning about these kinds of reckless gambits for months. Three-hundred and eighty of us in the House signed a letter in April to President Obama specifically calling on him to veto any one-sided resolution like 2443 if it were raised in the Security Council. In late No-vember, the House voted overwhelmingly for H. Con. Res. 165 further stressing the need for the United States to stand by Israel and veto biased Security Council measures. I urge my colleagues to support H. Con. Res. 11 to denounce this dangerous Security Council action. I look forward to working with President-elect Trump to align U.S. policy with the overwhelming consensus in Congress: that we are and remain committed to Israel’s sov-ereignty and security. 
OU A DVOCACY CENTER , Washington, DC, January 5, 2017. Hon. C
HRIS SMITH, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE SMITH: On behalf of the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America (Orthodox Union)—the nation’s largest Orthodox Jewish umbrella organiza-tion—please accept our gratitude for your support of today’s resolution opposing UN Security Council Resolution 2334, and thank you for submitting this letter to the official record of the House of Representatives. On December 23, 2016, the UN Security Council passed Resolution 2334, a blatantly anti-Israel resolution condemning Israel’s building of settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem. It has long been U.S. policy that any progress toward an agreement in the region must be based on direct negotia-tions between Israeli and Palestinian lead-ers, not a vote of third-party nations at the UN. Unfortunately, the UN has a long and es-tablished bias against Israel. In 2016 alone, the UN General Assembly adopted 20 anti- Israel resolutions and just four against other countries: North Korea, Syria, Iran and Rus-sia. The World Health Organization con-demned Israel as the world’s only violator of ‘‘mental, physical and environmental health,’’ while the U.N. Women condemned Israel as the world’s only violator of wom-en’s rights. The International Labor Organi-zation condemned Israel as the world’s only violator of labor rights. These same UN com-mittees were silent on the issue of human rights violations in China, Libya, or the Congo. Clearly, the UN has an agenda to under-mine and delegitimize the state of Israel, and in that regard UN support for Resolution 2334 was not surprising. What was sur-prising—and deeply concerning—was the si-lence of the United States on this issue. Rather than exercising its veto power, the United States chose to abstain from voting, and thereby threatened the trust and support Israel has long placed in its most important ally. Over the course of his presidency, Mr. Obama has repeatedly assured American Jews and others concerned about Israel’s se-curity and welfare that his commitment to U.S. support for Israel’s security was ‘‘unshakeable.’’ By allowing the UN Security Council’s resolution to pass in the final weeks of his Administration, President Obama undermined his legacy and threat-ened the longstanding alliance between the United States and Israel. Whether the abstaining vote was a parting statement from the Obama Administration or the influence of anti-Israeli forces at the UN, the incoming Trump Administration and the 115th Congress must make the United States’ support of Israel and our common goals of peace, democracy, and fighting ter-rorism—a pillar of its foreign policy. Today’s resolution condemning UN Resolution 2334 will send an important message to the world that the United States stands with Israel and will continue to support our common goals. Again, thank you for your support of Israel and today’s resolution. I urge all members of the United States Congress to stand with Israel and vote in favor of the McCarthy- Royce resolution. Best Regards, NATHAN DIAMENT , Executive Director. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I stand here as a proud Jew and someone who, throughout my entire life, has been an advocate for the State of Israel, and I am standing here to op-pose H. Res. 11. As a Member of Congress, I have been committed to maintaining America’s unwavering support for Israel, which has lasted from the very first moments of Israel’s existence. The U.S.-Israel bond is unbreakable, despite the fact that the United States’ administrations have not always agreed with the particular policies of an Israeli Government. Contrary to the assertions of H. Res. 11, the U.S. has often expressed those differences in the context of the United Nations. Presi-dents, from Lyndon Johnson to George W. Bush, have each vetoed and some-times voted for a U.N. resolution con-trary to the wishes of Israel’s Govern-ment at the time. Only the Obama ad-ministration, until 2 weeks ago, never, ever cast a vote against what Israel wanted. But opposition to the building of set-tlements on land belonging to Palestin-ians before the 1967 war—with the ex-ception of the land, of course, that is going to be swapped, agreed to by both parties—has been the official U.S. pol-icy for many decades, contrary, again, to the assertions of H. Res. 11. It has also been the policy of the United States to recognize that the only long-term solution to the Israeli- Palestinian conflict—the violence, the loss of life—is to create two states: one for the Palestinians and one for Israel. A two-state solution is the only way Israel can continue as both a demo-cratic and a Jewish state, living in the peace and security that has eluded her from the very beginning. The building of settlements is an obstacle to achiev-ing that goal. And, of course, settlements aren’t the only obstacle to Israeli-Palestinian peace. The U.S. resolution reiterates the Palestinian Authority security forces must continue to counter ter-rorism and condemn all of the provo-cations. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 sec-onds. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), who has served for years as chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. The recent stunt at the United Na-tions targeting Israel is the latest ef-fort by this administration to cement a legacy of foreign policy that has failed, especially with our trusted ally Israel. It has been U.S. policy to veto any U.N. resolution dictating parameters on the Israeli-Palestinian peace process. The reason is simple. True peace can only be achieved at the negotiating table between the Palestinians and the Israelis, not at the United Nations. The one-sided, anti-Israeli resolution will only make peace harder. The U.N. adopted 20 anti-Israeli reso-lutions last year, while passing just 4 for the rest of the world. The U.N. is not fair and unbiased. While pointing the finger solely at Israel, the recent resolution did nothing to point out the Palestinians’ lack of progress towards peace. The Palestinian Authority has failed to stop violence against Jews. It con-tinues to—get this, Mr. Speaker—make payments to jailed Palestinian terror-ists who have harmed or killed Jews. Over the years, Israel has traded land for promised peace. They have no peace. And soon, if the United Nations gets its way, they will have no land. Despite the administration’s policy of abandoning our trusted ally Israel, the United States Congress must stand with our ally Israel. And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ne-vada (Ms. R
OSEN ), one of our new Mem-bers, who has made support for Israel part of her entire life and is giving her first speech on the House floor in sup-port of this resolution and support of Israel. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle today in support of this resolution and to lend my name as a cosponsor. The United States alliance with Israel is absolutely critical, and this is not the time to sow uncertainty about the state of our relationship. This resolution does a number of im-portant things, but the most important is that it reaffirms Congress’ long-standing support for a bilateral settle-ment of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and objects to the United Nations Se-curity Council Resolution 2334. Para-graph 5 of that resolution is reminis-cent of a recent U.N. Human Rights 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.024 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH152 January 5, 2017 
Council resolution that established a database of companies in the settle-ments, facilitating a boycott. The UNSC resolution does nothing to advance the cause of peace and is, in fact, an obstacle to it. Strongly ensur-ing the security of Israel is the only pathway to a lasting settlement. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of this resolu-tion. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ). Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman E
DROYCE  for yielding. I appreciate your leader-ship for peace. I am in strong support of the House resolution, which is taking a firm stand and clear stand objecting to the United Nations Security Council reso-lution as an obstacle to Israeli-Pales-tinian peace. The United States has stood with Israel against one-sided, biased resolu-tions at the United Nations and in other international forums. Addition-ally, the United States has been ada-mant that a peaceful resolution will only come from direct, bilateral nego-tiations, not addressed by an inter-national forum. The distorted ideology of moral neutrality is suicidal for civ-ilization, encouraging what the chair-man correctly identified as ‘‘pay for slay,’’ as evidenced by the murder of American tourist Taylor Force just last year. On December 23, my constituents were shocked as the Obama adminis-tration betrayed the people of Israel, undermining the peace process by fail-ing to veto the U.N. Security Council resolution. President Obama and Sec-retary Kerry’s actions revealed dan-gerous irresponsibility, putting Israeli and American families at risk of more terrorist attacks. Fortunately, Gov-ernor Nikki Haley, President-elect Donald Trump’s appointee, will soon be making a positive difference as U.N. Ambassador of the United States, pro-moting peace through strength. Today, I am grateful to stand strong with Israel by being an original cospon-sor of H. Res. 11. I appreciate the lead-ership of Majority Leader K
EVIN M
CCARTHY , Chairman E DROYCE , and Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL for sponsoring this resolution. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ). Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, my commitment to the State of Israel is steadfast, but my first loyalty is to peace—peace that is protected by gen-uine self-determination. I know in my heart that the only path to peace is to have two separate, sovereign states that peacefully coex-ist. The two-state solution is at the heart of American foreign policy, and every President and every Congress since I got here in 1993 put the two- state solution at the heart of what America wants for her friend Israel. As I said on the House floor on De-cember 6, if we are ever going to achieve the permanent peace that al-lows Israel to exist without fear and Palestine to exist without occupation, we must continue to fight for the two- state solution. But under the current strongman government in Israel, all pretenses and illusions are being stripped away. From settlements, to water, to restricting the Muslim call to prayer in Jerusalem, it seems that any-thing goes. Today, as America embarks on its own experiment with strongman poli-tics, this Congress is falling in line. This Congress that allowed our Cham-ber to be used for an Israeli campaign rally and TV commercials is bending to pressure from abroad and pressure here at home. Mr. Speaker, I do not doubt the com-mitment to peace of the American peo-ple, so I urge my colleagues to vote with their hearts and minds and defeat this House resolution. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  my remarks on the floor of December 6 in support of a two-state solution. 
TWOSTATE SOLUTION ISSTILL THEPATHTO P
EACE INTHEMIDDLE EAST [Luis V. Gutie´rrez Floor Remarks, Dec. 6, 2016] Mr. Speaker, I am very concerned about what is going on in Israel and I think it has implications both for U.S. foreign policy and for domestic policy and for our great ally, Israel. As the right-wing government of Benjamin Netanyahu consolidates power and becomes in many ways the one-party rulers of Israel, a number of things are changing that should be of concern to all Americans. Specifically, the increasing dominance of the Likud Party as the one-party in Israel jeopardizes the two state solution that I and many others in the United States and Israel feel is the only way to achieve long-term peace in the Middle East. There is a retrenchment of hard line poli-cies—aimed at solidifying alliances with smaller religious and hardline parties that keeps Likud in power—that will make it harder for Israelis and their allies in Amer-ica—and anyone who seeks a lasting peace— to maintain progress towards a two state so-lution. Right now, the Knesset is considering leg-islation to legalize all Israeli settlements in Palestinian territory on the West Bank, even those constructed on private Palestinian land. Boom, 400,000 people in settlements across the West Bank, it’s all legal because they say it is legal. But it’s not. And Israel is destroying Palestinian homes at a pace faster than we have seen before. It is provocative, sweeping, and designed to make it harder to ever reach an agreement with the Palestinians. The plan to restrict the Muslim call to prayer in Jerusalem has been revived, again to placate hardline religious constituents, by Prime Minister Netanyahu. There is no clearer statement to people of the Islamic faith that they do not matter, they do not belong, and they will not be tol-erated than to restrict the Muslim call to prayer in Jerusalem, a city that has heard the Muslim call to prayer for thousands of years. I think what is going on in Israel with Prime Minister Netanyahu presents a cau-tionary tale about the consequences of fol-lowing a political strongman. The strongman has to keep proving that he is a strongman over and over. Like other strongmen who ride fear into leadership—when you base your political ca-reer on injecting fear and resentment into political affairs—when you use the backdrop of terrorism and the understandable fear of the Israeli people as a political tool for years and decades—this is the kind of policy that results. There is an appetite for constant esca-lation of what you are doing to stand up to the enemy you have constructed—an enemy based on, but not the same as the enemies that fight against the state of Israel and tol-erance and peace in real life. Strongmen construct a foil—in this case based on the Palestinians, but sometimes ex-aggerated beyond recognition—and they need to feed the thirst for more and more ac-tion to attack the caricature that has been constructed. But strongman politics in Israel have the impact of making a long-lasting solution that brings peace to the Middle East harder to achieve. The fundamental rights of Palestinians to have their own state, a state alongside the Israeli state where they have the basic rights and dignity to govern themselves and raise their families in peace—that is what many Israelis, many Palestinians, and many around the world have been fighting for. If we are ever going to achieve the perma-nent peace that allows Israel to exist with-out fear and Palestine to exist without occu-pation, we must continue to fight for the two state solution. When I was just a freshman, almost 25 years ago, we celebrated the accomplish-ments of Rabin and Arafat and President Clinton to build towards a peace that recog-nizes the rights and dignity of Israelis and the rights and dignities of the Palestinian people. For decades, the United States—under dif-ferent leaders in different parties from Car-ter to Reagan to Bush and Obama—have rec-ognized that peace will only come with mu-tual respect and tolerance. That is what we have based our foreign policy on and should continue to base our foreign policy on. Having talked with average people and with leaders on both sides of the Palestinian/ Israeli conflict—I am convinced that it is the only path to peace. America has been a catalyst—a construc-tive influence from outside—a nation based on religious freedom and democracy that has served as a model for both Palestinians and Israelis—and we have worked towards help-ing parties continue to move in the direction of two separate but mutually respectful countries, two nations that are not at war with each other or subservient to one an-other. I fear, Mr. Speaker, that Israel herself is moving away from the two state solution as a goal and that we as her closest ally must remind her—and ourselves—of what is at stake if we lose sight of this important goal. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL . Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the nation of Israel, one of our greatest allies in the Middle East. I urge my colleagues to support H. Res. 11, Objecting to United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.100 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H153 January 5, 2017 
U.N. Security Council Resolution 2334 calls for a Palestinian state but not a Jewish state. It does nothing to condemn or stop the Palestinian Authority’s pay to slay, as we have heard talked over and over again, that rewarded over $300 million to terrorists in Israeli jails last year for crimes committed against Israeli citizens and others. It legitimizes additional efforts to isolate and sanction Israel. It de-clares the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem, where the City of David has been excavated, and the Western Wall, Judaism’s holiest site, as occupied territories. b1800 This is absurd. Furthermore, the Obama administration refused to veto it. This shameful move broke with years of bipartisan U.S. efforts to pro-tect Israel from deeply flawed and bi-ased U.S. resolutions. H. Res. 11 reasserts the U.S. position that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict can only be resolved through direct ne-gotiations between the two parties. H. Res. 11 must pass to send a clear mes-sage to the outgoing Obama adminis-tration, to the U.N., and to the world that the United States stands with Israel. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from the great State of New York (Mr. S
UOZZI ), another new Member of Congress who is also making his maiden speech about the security of Israel and the U.S.- Israel partnership. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I rise as a cosponsor of the bipartisan H. Res. 11. In 2002, during the Second Intifada, after the massacre in Hebron, I had the great, good fortune of meeting in Jeru-salem with Shimon Peres, of blessed memory. He explained why a two-state solution is the only path to peace, and I will never abandon his dream of a two-state solution. U.N. Security Council Resolution 2334, however, pushes the hope of a two- state solution farther away for three reasons: One, it discourages direct negotia-tions between Israel and the Palestin-ians. Two, it fails to distinguish between ‘‘long accepted’’ and ‘‘more controver-sial’’ settlements. ‘‘Long accepted’’ settlements, such as the long estab-lished Jewish neighborhoods in East Jerusalem, in the Jewish Quarter, places like the Western Wall, and the ‘‘consensus’’ settlements versus ‘‘more controversial’’ hilltop settlements in the West Bank, such as Amona, settle-ments that even the Israeli Supreme Court has declared illegal. Three, it fails to explicitly condemn the number one impediment to a two- state solution: anti-Israel terrorism. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ). Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I con-demn U.N. Security Council Resolution 2334. This is an outrageous attack against the State of Israel, the world’s only Jewish state and the only democracy in the Middle East. I also condemn the Obama administration’s failure to veto such a resolution, because it betrayed Israel and it harmed our national secu-rity interests. The Obama administra-tion’s actions, or lack of actions, were more than just a sin of omission in that they worked behind the scenes to move this resolution forward so that it could be voted on in the United Na-tions General Assembly. That is a sin of commission. Now, we have to be honest about how the two sides have acted in this in put-ting pressure on Israel and not on the Palestinian Authority. Remember, when you talk about a two-state solu-tion, the Palestinian Arabs rejected a state in 1948. They tried to wipe Israel off the map. They tried to beat them in 1967. It has been a constant state of war, and they have chosen to get rid of the Jewish state as something that is more important to them than the cre-ation of their own state, and we have to be honest about that. I will support this resolution. I view it as a good statement, but as just a first step. We need something in the coming days that has teeth to deal with the United Nations and its out-rageous conduct. It has become a hot-bed of anti-Israeli activity where all of these tin-pot countries get together and rail against the world’s only Jew-ish state. They did 20 resolutions against Israel at the United Nations in 2016 and four against the rest of the world. We need to take our power of the purse and defund the U.N. until U.N. Security Council Resolution 2334 is re-voked. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to my col-league from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. I thank the gen-tleman. Mr. Speaker, for what may or may not be their good intentions, this reso-lution and its authors undermined the security of families here and in Israel. This ‘‘go it alone’’ approach with the current Israeli Government—defying a unanimous vote of 14 countries and ig-noring the concerns of many of our al-lies—is not a path to peace. We will not protect ourselves or our allies in Israel if we pursue the path of isolation. For decades, we have enjoyed a bipar-tisan commitment to two states living in peace and security next door to one another. It has been a difficult goal to achieve, but now is not the time to give up on it. There are, sadly, some in Israel and some among the Palestin-ians who wholly reject this commit-ment. They believe it is all theirs. They believe in a divine entitlement to every piece of land west of the Jordan River. Their idea of a reasonable nego-tiation is that the other side gets next to nothing. Few people who have worked on this difficult issue and have tried to over-come such zealotry and achieve a just resolution have done as much as Sec-retary of State John Kerry. Despite the insults and the intransigence, he has made near Herculean efforts to achieve peace. To be honest, the roadblocks that have been thrown in his path have not come just from one side. In no way do we condone the many, many wrongs of the Palestinians and the Palestinian Authority by saying that some of those roadblocks were initiated by the cur-rent Israeli Government. Then, to talk of one sided, what irony. Indeed, I think it is hypocrisy to talk about a one-sided resolution when this is a one-sided resolution. If there had been the slightest interest in bringing this body together—with all of us supporting Israel, with all of us supporting access to the Western Wall, with all of us supporting the security of our friend that was reflected in $38 billion, which is the most money in military assistance we have ever pro-vided to a single ally by this adminis-tration—instead of attacking the good-will and the good faith of this adminis-tration, we wouldn’t be here today. There is no urgency for us to act today. There is an urgency—just as the new designee for the Ambassador to Israel has slandered some other people—for them to besmirch the efforts of this ad-ministration. The truth is that ever-expanding Israeli settlements—many of them first constructed in total violation of Israeli law—are a significant obstacle, but they are certainly not the only one. The clearer goal of settlers is to have facts on the ground, to be irreversible in moving to split up any potential Palestinian Authority. Protect our families and those of Israel by rejecting this resolution. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I oppose U.N. Security Council Resolution 2334—an anti-Israel, anti-Jewish at-tempt on behalf of pro-Palestinian na-tions to delegitimize Israel and eth-nically cleanse East Jerusalem and Judea and Samaria of the Jewish peo-ple. The Israelis have long been willing to compromise large swaths of land in this region in pursuit of a two-state so-lution. It has been the Palestinians who have, time and again, declined real offers on the table for their own state. Just think about this reality. If the Israelis agreed right now to make all of the concessions this U.N. Security Council resolution calls for, there would still not be peace. A viable two- state solution isn’t just about Israel’s recognizing the Palestinians’ right to exist; it is also about the Palestinians’ recognizing Israel’s right to exist. As for me, I stand for freedom, and America should stand strong—shoulder to shoulder—with Israel. President Obama lit a menorah this year at the White House. He reflected on Hanukkah as a celebration of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.101 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH154 January 5, 2017 
Maccabees’ fight for freedom—the Mac-cabees, who lived, prayed, and fought on the land that this resolution now calls illegally occupied territory. It is an insult this resolution was passed just one day before the start of Hanuk-kah. Israel is one of America’s greatest allies and is a beacon of freedom and liberty in a very dark region of the world. The Obama administration, by allowing this resolution to pass, is at-tempting a dangerous shift in Amer-ican foreign policy that cannot be al-lowed to stand. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this resolution, and I thank Chairman R
OYCE for his leadership. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID SCOTT). Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I rise in great support of the Ross-Engel bill against this most deceitful and shameful U.N. resolution. That is what we are here for. This act was shameful and it was deceitful. When the U.N. voted for this 2334 res-olution, it was like cutting Israel’s legs out from under it and then condemning Israel for being a cripple. Shameful and deceitful because they wanted to put all of the blame on Israel when it is the Palestinians who refuse to even meet to discuss or to even talk about a two- nation state. It is the Palestinians who say Israel doesn’t even have a right to exist. How in the hell are you going to meet with somebody to talk about a combined future when they will not give you decent recognition? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. I thank the gentleman because this part is very important. Mr. Speaker, this Nation is blessed. We have been blessed with divine inter-vention all through our history to be that shining light on the hill, to let all of our great work show for the world. We have an opportunity here tonight for this Congress to stand up and show that light for Israel. Stand up for Israel and show our great works to this world. That is what I say, so let it be written and let it be done. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. T
ROTT ). Mr. TROTT. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 11, which offers a strong ob-jection to U.N. Security Council Reso-lution 2334. President Obama started his foreign policy 8 years ago with an apology tour in the Middle East, and now, not sur-prisingly, he ends it with a slap in the face to our ally and friend, Israel. For over 40 years, the United States Government—Republicans and Demo-crats—stood shoulder to shoulder with our ally, vetoing countless resolutions at the United Nations. However, this past December, President Obama broke that tradition and chose to allow this resolution to come before the Security Council for a vote. As Prime Minister Netanyahu said: ‘‘This was a disgrace-ful anti-Israel maneuver.’’ Not only does this one-sided resolution blatantly target Israel, it seriously impedes the peace process. Unfortunately, while I whole-heartedly reject what happened at the United Nations, I cannot say that I am surprised. The Obama administration has been more concerned with appeas-ing nefarious actors like Iran and Cuba, all the while ignoring friends like Israel. I look forward to a new era of foreign policy in which our enemies fear us and our allies respect us. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the time remaining for each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from North Carolina has 5 min-utes remaining. The gentleman from California has 81⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from New York has 6
1⁄4 minutes remaining. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ). Mr. YARMUTH. I thank my col-league. Mr. Speaker, as a strong supporter of a two-state solution, as a Jewish Mem-ber of Congress and as someone who has been to Israel and has seen the set-tlements firsthand, I rise in strong op-position to this resolution. Settlements are an impediment to peace between Israelis and Palestin-ians. This resolution only provides am-munition to those who oppose a two- state solution—the approach that is our only hope for lasting peace. We all agree that the incitement of violence and terrorism must end, which U.N. Se-curity Council Resolution 2334 dis-cusses. But as Secretary Kerry so elo-quently stated in his speech on Decem-ber 28: 
Some seem to believe that the U.S.’ friend-ship means the U.S. must accept any policy regardless of our own interests, our own po-sitions, our own words, our own principles— even after urging again and again that the policy must change. Friends need to tell each other the hard truths, and friendships require mutual respect. 
b1815 Well, my friends, Israel must end set-tlement expansion, close their out-posts, and get to the negotiating table. Prime Minister Netanyahu has not treated the Obama administration with respect, and this resolution does not offer the American people the honest, true debate we should be having about this critically important issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this measure. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Obama ad-ministration, especially Secretary of State Kerry, for their dedication in trying to find a path forward for a two-state solution. It is my hope that the principles laid out in Secretary Kerry’s December 28, 2016 speech will help guide serious negotiations in the days ahead. To ensure that his remarks are a part of this debate, I will now read his entire statement. Secretary Kerry said: Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very, very much. Thank you. (Coughs.) Excuse me. Thank you for your patience, all of you. For those of you who celebrated Christmas, I hope you had a won-derful Christmas. Happy Chanukah. And to ev-erybody here, I know it’s the middle of a holi-day week. I understand. (Laughter.) But I wish you all a very, very productive and Happy New Year. Today, I want to share candid thoughts about an issue which for decades has ani-mated the foreign policy dialogue here and around the world—the Israeli-Palestinian con-flict. Throughout his Administration, President Obama has been deeply committed to Israel and its security, and that commitment has guided his pursuit of peace in the Middle East. This is an issue which, all of you know, I have worked on intensively during my time as Sec-retary of State for one simple reason: because the two-state solution is the only way to achieve a just and lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians. It is the only way to ensure Israel’s future as a Jewish and demo-cratic state, living in peace and security with its neighbors. It is the only way to ensure a fu-ture of freedom and dignity for the Palestinian people. And it is an important way of advanc-ing United States interests in the region. Now, I’d like to explain why that future is now in jeopardy, and provide some context for why we could not, in good conscience, stand in the way of a resolution at the United Na-tions that makes clear that both sides must act now to preserve the possibility of peace. I’m also here to share my conviction that there is still a way forward if the responsible parties are willing to act. And I want to share practical suggestions for how to preserve and advance the prospects for the just and lasting peace that both sides deserve. So it is vital that we have an honest, clear- eyed conversation about the uncomfortable truths and difficult choices, because the alter-native that is fast becoming the reality on the ground is in nobody’s interest—not the Israelis, not the Palestinians, not the region— and not the United States. Now, I want to stress that there is an impor-tant point here: My job, above all, is to defend the United States of America—to stand up for and defend our values and our interests in the world. And if we were to stand idly by and know that in doing so we are allowing a dan-gerous dynamic to take hold which promises greater conflict and instability to a region in which we have vital interests, we would be derelict in our own responsibilities. Regrettably, some seem to believe that the U.S. friendship means the U.S. must accept any policy, regardless of our own interests, our own positions, our own words, our own principles—even after urging again and again that the policy must change. Friends need to tell each other the hard truths, and friendships require mutual respect. Israel’s permanent representative to the United Nations, who does not support a two- state solution, said after the vote last week, quote, ‘‘It was to be expected that Israel’s greatest ally would act in accordance with the values that we share,’’ and veto this resolu-tion. I am compelled to respond today that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.103 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H155 January 5, 2017 
United States did, in fact, vote in accordance with our values, just as previous U.S. adminis-trations have done at the Security Council be-fore us. They fail to recognize that this friend, the United States of America, that has done more to support Israel than any other country, this friend that has blocked countless efforts to delegitimize Israel, cannot be true to our own values—or even the stated democratic values of Israel—and we cannot properly defend and protect Israel if we allow a viable two-state so-lution to be destroyed before our own eyes. And that’s the bottom line: the vote in the United Nations was about preserving the two- state solution. That’s what we were standing up for: Israel’s future as a Jewish and demo-cratic state, living side by side in peace and security with its neighbors. That’s what we are trying to preserve for our sake and for theirs. In fact, this Administration has been Israel’s greatest friend and supporter, with an abso-lutely unwavering commitment to advancing Israel’s security and protecting its legitimacy. On this point, I want to be very clear: No American administration has done more for Israel’s security than Barack Obama’s. The Israeli prime minister himself has noted our, quote, ‘‘unprecedented’’ military and intel-ligence cooperation. Our military exercises are more advanced than ever. Our assistance for Iron Dome has saved countless Israeli lives. We have consistently supported Israel’s right to defend itself, by itself, including during ac-tions in Gaza that sparked great controversy. Time and again we have demonstrated that we have Israel’s back. We have strongly op-posed boycotts, divestment campaigns, and sanctions targeting Israel in international fora, whenever and wherever its legitimacy was at-tacked, and we have fought for its inclusion across the UN system. In the midst of our own financial crisis and budget deficits, we repeat-edly increased funding to support Israel. In fact, more than one-half of our entire global Foreign Military Financing goes to Israel. And this fall, we concluded an historic $38 billion memorandum of understanding that exceeds any military assistance package the United States has provided to any country, at any time, and that will invest in cutting-edge mis-sile defense and sustain Israel’s qualitative military edge for years to come. That’s the measure of our support. This commitment to Israel’s security is actu-ally very personal for me. On my first trip to Israel as a young senator in 1986, I was cap-tivated by a special country, one that I imme-diately admired and soon grew to love. Over the years, like so many others who are drawn to this extraordinary place, I have climbed Masada, swum in the Dead Sea, driven from one Biblical city to another. I’ve also seen the dark side of Hizballah’s rocket storage facili-ties just across the border in Lebanon, walked through exhibits of the hell of the Holocaust at Yad Vashem, stood on the Golan Heights, and piloted an Israeli jet over the tiny airspace of Israel, which would make anyone understand the importance of security to Israelis. Out of those experiences came a steadfast commit-ment to Israel’s security that has never wavered for a single minute in my 28 years in the Senate or my four years as Secretary. I have also often visited West Bank commu-nities, where I met Palestinians struggling for basic freedom and dignity amidst the occupa-tion, passed by military checkpoints that can make even the most routine daily trips to work or school an ordeal, and heard from business leaders who could not get the permits that they needed to get their products to the mar-ket and families who have struggled to secure permission just to travel for needed medical care. And I have witnessed firsthand the ravages of a conflict that has gone on for far too long. I’ve seen Israeli children in Sderot whose play-grounds had been hit by Katyusha rockets. I’ve visited shelters next to schools in Kiryat Shmona that kids had 15 seconds to get to after a warning siren went off. I’ve also seen the devastation of war in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian girls in Izbet Abed Rabo played in the rubble of a bombed-out building. No children—Israeli or Palestinian—should have to live like that. So, despite the obvious difficulties that I un-derstood when I became Secretary of State, I knew that I had to do everything in my power to help end this conflict. And I was grateful to be working for President Obama, who was prepared to take risks for peace and was deeply committed to that effort. Like previous U.S. administrations, we have committed our influence and our resources to trying to resolve the Arab-Israeli conflict be-cause, yes, it would serve American interests to stabilize a volatile region and fulfill Amer-ica’s commitment to the survival, security and well-being of an Israel at peace with its Arab neighbors. Despite our best efforts over the years, the two-state solution is now in serious jeopardy. The truth is that trends on the ground—vio-lence, terrorism, incitement, settlement expan-sion and the seemingly endless occupation— they are combining to destroy hopes for peace on both sides and increasingly cementing an irreversible one-state reality that most people do not actually want. Today, there are a number—there are a similar number of Jews and Palestinians living between the Jordan River and the Mediterra-nean Sea. They have a choice. They can choose to live together in one state, or they can separate into two states. But here is a fundamental reality: if the choice is one state, Israel can either be Jewish or democratic—it cannot be both—and it won’t ever really be at peace. Moreover, the Palestinians will never fully realize their vast potential in a homeland of their own with a one-state solution. Now, most on both sides understand this basic choice, and that is why it is important that polls of Israelis and Palestinians show that there is still strong support for the two- state solution—in theory. They just don’t be-lieve that it can happen. After decades of conflict, many no longer see the other side as people, only as threats and enemies. Both sides continue to push a narrative that plays to people’s fears and rein-forces the worst stereotypes rather than work-ing to change perceptions and build up belief in the possibility of peace. And the truth is the extraordinary polariza-tion in this conflict extends beyond Israelis and Palestinians. Allies of both sides are content to reinforce this with an us or—‘‘you’re with us or against us’’ mentality where too often any-one who questions Palestinian actions is an apologist for the occupation and anyone who disagrees with Israel policy is cast as anti- Israel or even anti-Semitic. That’s one of the most striking realties about the current situation: This critical decision about the future—one state or two states—is effectively being made on the ground every single day, despite the expressed opinion of the majority of the people. The status quo is leading towards one state and perpetual occupation, but most of the public either ignores it or has given up hope that anything can be done to change it. And with this passive resignation, the problem only gets worse, the risks get greater and the choices are narrowed. This sense of hopelessness among Israelis is exacerbated by the continuing violence, ter-rorist attacks against civilians and incitement, which are destroying belief in the possibility of peace. Let me say it again: There is absolutely no justification for terrorism, and there never will be. And the most recent wave of Palestinian vi-olence has included hundreds of terrorist at-tacks in the past year, including stabbings, shootings, vehicular attacks and bombings, many by individuals who have been radicalized by social media. Yet the murderers of innocents are still glorified on Fatah websites, including showing attackers next to Palestinian leaders following attacks. And de-spite statements by President Abbas and his party’s leaders making clear their opposition to violence, too often they send a different mes-sage by failing to condemn specific terrorist at-tacks and naming public squares, streets and schools after terrorists. President Obama and I have made it clear to the Palestinian leadership countless times, publicly and privately, that all incitement to vio-lence must stop. We have consistently con-demned violence and terrorism, and even con-demned the Palestinian leadership for not con-demning it. Far too often, the Palestinians have pursued efforts to delegitimize Israel in international fora. We have strongly opposed these initia-tives, including the recent wholly unbalanced and inflammatory UNESCO resolution regard-ing Jerusalem. And we have made clear our strong opposition to Palestinian efforts against Israel at the ICC, which only sets back the prospects for peace. And we all understand that the Palestinian Authority has a lot more to do to strengthen its institutions and improve governance. Most troubling of all, Hamas continues to pursue an extremist agenda: they refuse to accept Israel’s very right to exist. They have a one-state vision of their own: all of the land is Palestine. Hamas and other radical factions are responsible for the most explicit forms of incitement to violence, and many of the im-ages that they use are truly appalling. And they are willing to kill innocents in Israel and put the people of Gaza at risk in order to ad-vance that agenda. Compounding this, the humanitarian situa-tion in Gaza, exacerbated by the closings of the crossings, is dire. Gaza is home to one of the world’s densest concentrations of people enduring extreme hardships with few opportu-nities. 1.3 million people out of Gaza’s popu-lation of 1.8 million are in need of daily assist-ance—food and shelter. Most have electricity less than half the time and only 5 percent of the water is safe to drink. And yet despite the urgency of these needs, Hamas and other mil-itant groups continue to re-arm and divert re-construction materials to build tunnels, threat-ening more attacks on Israeli civilians that no government can tolerate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.042 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH156 January 5, 2017 
Now, at the same time, we have to be clear about what is happening in the West Bank. The Israeli prime minister publicly supports a two-state solution, but his current coalition is the most right wing in Israeli history, with an agenda driven by the most extreme elements. The result is that policies of this government, which the prime minister himself just described as ‘‘more committed to settlements than any in Israel’s history,’’ are leading in the opposite di-rection. They’re leading towards one state. In fact, Israel has increasingly consolidated con-trol over much of the West Bank for its own purposes, effectively reversing the transitions to greater Palestinian civil authority that were called for by the Oslo Accords. I don’t think most people in Israel, and cer-tainly in the world, have any idea how broad and systematic the process has become. But the facts speak for themselves. The number of settlers in the roughly 130 Israeli settlements east of the 1967 lines has steadily grown. The settler population in the West Bank alone, not including East Jerusalem, has increased by nearly 270,000 since Oslo, including 100,000 just since 2009, when President Obama’s term began. There’s no point in pretending that these are just in large settlement blocks. Nearly 90,000 settlers are living east of the separation barrier that was created by Israel itself in the middle of what, by any reasonable definition, would be the future Palestinian state. And the popu-lation of these distant settlements has grown by 20,000 just since 2009. In fact, just recently the government approved a significant new settlement well east of the barrier, closer to Jordan than to Israel. What does that say to Palestinians in particular—but also to the United States and the world—about Israel’s in-tentions? Let me emphasize, this is not to say that the settlements are the whole or even the primary cause of this conflict. Of course they are not. Nor can you say that if the settlements were suddenly removed, you’d have peace. Without a broader agreement, you would not. And we understand that in a final status agreement, certain settlements would become part of Israel to account for the changes that have taken place over the last 49 years—we under-stand that—including the new democratic de-mographic realities that exist on the ground. They would have to be factored in. But if more and more settlers are moving into the middle of Palestinian areas, it’s going to be just that much harder to separate, that much harder to imagine transferring sovereignty, and that is exactly the outcome that some are purpose-fully accelerating. Let’s be clear: Settlement expansion has nothing to do with Israel’s security. Many set-tlements actually increase the security burden on the Israeli Defense Forces. And leaders of the settler movement are motivated by ideo-logical imperatives that entirely ignore legiti-mate Palestinian aspirations. Among the most troubling illustrations of this point has been the proliferation of settler out-posts that are illegal under Israel’s own laws. They’re often located on private Palestinian land and strategically placed in locations that make two states impossible. There are over 100 of these outposts. And since 2011, nearly one-third of them have been or are being le-galized, despite pledges by past Israeli gov-ernments to dismantle many of them. Now leaders of the settler movement have advanced unprecedented new legislation that would legalize most of those outposts. For the first time, it would apply Israeli domestic law to the West Bank rather than military law, which is a major step towards the process of annex-ation. When the law passed the first reading in the Israeli parliament, in the Knesset, one of the chief proponents said proudly—and I quote—‘‘Today, the Israeli Knesset moved from heading towards establishing a Pales-tinian state towards Israeli sovereignty in Judea and Samaria.’’ Even the Israeli attorney general has said that the draft law is unconsti-tutional and a violation of international law. Now, you may hear from advocates that the settlements are not an obstacle to peace be-cause the settlers who don’t want to leave can just stay in Palestine, like the Arab Israelis who live in Israel. But that misses a critical point, my friends. The Arab Israelis are citi-zens of Israel, subject to Israel’s law. Does anyone here really believe that the settlers will agree to submit to Palestinian law in Pal-estine? Likewise, some supporters of the settle-ments argue that the settlers could just stay in their settlements and remain as Israeli citizens in their separate enclaves in the middle of Pal-estine, protected by the IDF. Well, there are over 80 settlements east of the separation barrier, many located in places that would make a continuous—a contiguous Palestinian state impossible. Does anyone seriously think that if they just stay where they are you could still have a viable Palestinian state? Now, some have asked, ‘‘Why can’t we build in the blocs which everyone knows will eventually be part of Israel?’’ Well, the reason building there or anywhere else in the West Bank now results in such pushback is that the decision of what constitutes a bloc is being made unilaterally by the Israeli Government, without consultation, without the consent of the Palestinians, and without granting the Pal-estinians a reciprocal right to build in what will be, by most accounts, part of Palestine. Bot-tom line—without agreement or mutuality, the unilateral choices become a major point of contention, and that is part of why we are here where we are. You may hear that these remote settlements aren’t a problem because they only take up a very small percentage of the land. Well, again and again we have made it clear, it’s not just a question of the overall amount of land avail-able in the West Bank. It’s whether the land can be connected or it’s broken up into small parcels, like a Swiss cheese, that could never constitute a real state. The more outposts that are built, the more the settlements expand, the less possible it is to create a contiguous state. So in the end, a settlement is not just the land that it’s on, it’s also what the location does to the movement of people, what it does to the ability of a road to connect people, one com-munity to another, what it does to the sense of statehood that is chipped away with each new construction. No one thinking seriously about peace can ignore the reality of what the settlements pose to that peace. But the problem, obviously, goes well be-yond settlements. Trends indicate a com-prehensive effort to take the West Bank land for Israel and prevent any Palestinian develop-ment there. Today, the 60 percent of the West Bank known as Area C—much of which was supposed to be transferred to Palestinian con-trol long ago under the Oslo Accords—much of it is effectively off limits to Palestinian devel-opment. Most today has essentially been taken for exclusive use by Israel simply by unilaterally designating it as ‘‘state land’’ or in-cluding it within the jurisdiction of regional set-tlement councils. Israeli farms flourish in the Jordan River Valley, and Israeli resorts line the shores of the Dead Sea—a lot of people don’t realize this—they line the shore of the Dead Sea, where Palestinian development is not allowed. In fact, almost no private Pales-tinian building is approved in Area C at all. Only one permit was issued by Israel in all of 2014 and 2015, while approvals for hundreds of settlement units were advanced during that same period. Moreover, Palestinian structures in Area C that do not have a permit from the Israeli mili-tary are potentially subject to demolition. And they are currently being demolished at an his-torically high rate. Over 1,300 Palestinians, in-cluding over 600 children, have been dis-placed by demolitions in 2016 alone—more than any previous year. So the settler agenda is defining the future of Israel. And their stated purpose is clear. They believe in one state: greater Israel. In fact, one prominent minister, who heads a pro- settler party, declared just after the U.S. elec-tion—and I quote—‘‘the era of the two-state solution is over,’’ end quote. And many other coalition ministers publicly reject a Palestinian state. And they are increasingly getting their way, with plans for hundreds of new units in East Jerusalem recently announced and talk of a major new settlement building effort in the West Bank to follow. So why are we so concerned? Why does this matter? Well, ask yourself these ques-tions: What happens if that agenda succeeds? Where does that lead? There are currently about 2.75 million Pal-estinians living under military occupation in the West Bank, most of them in Areas A and B— 40 percent of the West Bank—where they have limited autonomy. They are restricted in their daily movements by a web of check-points and unable to travel into or out of the West Bank without a permit from the Israelis. So if there is only one state, you would have millions of Palestinians permanently liv-ing in segregated enclaves in the middle of the West Bank, with no real political rights, separate legal, education, and transportation systems, vast income disparities, under a per-manent military occupation that deprives them of the most basic freedoms. Separate and un-equal is what you would have. And nobody can explain how that works. Would an Israeli accept living that way? Would an American accept living that way? Will the world accept it? If the occupation becomes permanent, over the time the Palestinian Authority could simply dissolve, turn over all the administrative and security responsibilities to the Israelis. What would happen then? Who would administer the schools and hospitals and on what basis? Does Israel want to pay for the billions of dol-lars of lost international assistance that the Palestinian Authority now receives? Would the Israel Defense Force police the streets of every single Palestinian city and town? How would Israel respond to a growing civil rights movement from Palestinians, demand-ing a right to vote, or widespread protests and unrest across the West Bank? How does Israel reconcile a permanent occupation with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.043 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H157 January 5, 2017 
its democratic ideals? How does the U.S. con-tinue to defend that and still live up to our own democratic ideals? Nobody has ever provided good answers to those questions because there aren’t any. And there would be an increasing risk of more in-tense violence between Palestinians and set-tlers, and complete despair among Palestin-ians that would create very fertile ground for extremists. With all the external threats that Israel faces today, which we are very cognizant of and working with them to deal with, does it really want an intensifying conflict in the West Bank? How does that help Israel’s security? How does that help the region? The answer is it doesn’t, which is precisely why so many senior Israeli military and intel-ligence leaders, past and present, believe the two-state solution is the only real answer for Israel’s long term security. Now, one thing we do know: if Israel goes down the one state path, it will never have true peace with the rest of the Arab world, and I can say that with certainty. The Arab coun-tries have made clear that they will not make peace with Israel without resolving the Israeli- Palestinian conflict. That’s not where their loy-alties lie. That’s not where their politics are. But there is something new here. Common interests in countering Iran’s destabilizing ac-tivities, and fighting extremists, as well as di-versifying their economies have created real possibilities for something different if Israel takes advantage of the opportunities for peace. I have spent a great deal of time with key Arab leaders exploring this, and there is no doubt that they are prepared to have a fun-damentally different relationship with Israel. That was stated in the Arab Peace Initiative, years ago. And in all my recent conversations, Arab leaders have confirmed their readiness, in the context of Israeli-Palestinian peace, not just to normalize relations but to work openly on securing that peace with significant re-gional security cooperation. It’s waiting. It’s right there. Many have shown a willingness to support serious Israeli-Palestinian negotiations and to take steps on the path to normalization to rela-tions, including public meetings, providing there is a meaningful progress towards a two- state solution. My friends, that is a real oppor-tunity that we should not allow to be missed. And that raises one final question: Is ours the generation that gives up on the dream of a Jewish democratic state of Israel living in peace and security with its neighbors? Be-cause that is really what is at stake. Now, that is what informed our vote at the Security Council last week—the need to pre-serve the two-state solution—and both sides in this conflict must take responsibility to do that. We have repeatedly and emphatically stressed to the Palestinians that all incitement to violence must stop. We have consistently condemned all violence and terrorism, and we have strongly opposed unilateral efforts to delegitimize Israel in international fora. We’ve made countless public and private exhortations to the Israelis to stop the march of settlements. In literally hundreds of con-versations with Prime Minister Netanyahu, I have made clear that continued settlement ac-tivity would only increase pressure for an inter-national response. We have all known for some time that the Palestinians were intent on moving forward in the UN with a settlements resolution, and I advised the prime minister re-peatedly that further settlement activity only in-vited UN action. Yet the settlement activity just increased, in-cluding advancing the unprecedented legisla-tion to legalize settler outposts that the prime minister himself reportedly warned could ex-pose Israel to action at the Security Council and even international prosecution before de-ciding to support it. In the end, we could not in good conscience protect the most extreme elements of the set-tler movement as it tries to destroy the two- state solution. We could not in good con-science turn a blind eye to Palestinian actions that fan hatred and violence. It is not in U.S. interest to help anyone on either side create a unitary state. And we may not be able to stop them, but we cannot be expected to defend them. And it is certainly not the role of any country to vote against its own policies. That is why we decided not to block the UN resolution that makes clear both sides have to take steps to save the two-state solution while there is still time. And we did not take this de-cision lightly. The Obama Administration has always defended Israel against any effort at the UN and any international fora or biased and one-sided resolutions that seek to under-mine its legitimacy or security, and that has not changed. It didn’t change with this vote. But remember it’s important to note that every United States administration, Republican and Democratic, has opposed settlements as contrary to the prospects for peace, and action at the UN Security Council is far from unprec-edented. In fact, previous administrations of both political parties have allowed resolutions that were critical of Israel to pass, including on settlements. On dozens of occasions under George W. Bush alone, the council passed six resolutions that Israel opposed, including one that endorsed a plan calling for a complete freeze on settlements, including natural growth. Let me read you the lead paragraph from a New York Times story dated December 23rd. I quote: ‘‘With the United States abstaining, the Security Council adopted a resolution today strongly deploring Israel’s handling of the disturbances in the occupied territories, which the resolution defined as, including Je-rusalem. All of the 14 other Security Council members voted in favor.’’ My friends, that story was not written last week. It was written December 23rd, 1987, 26 years to the day that we voted last week, when Ronald Reagan was president. Yet despite growing pressure, the Obama Administration held a strong line against UN action, any UN action, we were the only ad-ministration since 1967 that had not allowed any resolution to pass that Israel opposed. In fact, the only time in eight years the Obama Administration exercised its veto at the United Nations was against a one-sided settlements resolution in 2011. And that resolution did not mention incitement or violence. Now let’s look at what’s happened since then. Since then, there have been over 30,000 settlement units advanced through some stage of the planning process. That’s right—over 30,000 settlement units advanced notwith-standing the positions of the United States and other countries. And if we had vetoed this resolution just the other day, the United States would have been giving license to further un-fettered settlement construction that we fun-damentally oppose. So we reject the criticism that this vote abandons Israel. On the contrary, it is not this resolution that is isolating Israel; it is the per-manent policy of settlement construction that risks making peace impossible. And virtually every country in the world other than Israel opposes settlements. That includes many of the friends of Israel, including the United King-dom, France, Russia—all of whom voted in favor of the settlements resolution in 2011 that we vetoed, and again this year along with every other member of the council. In fact, this resolution simply reaffirms state-ments made by the Security Council on the le-gality of settlements over several decades. It does not break new ground. In 1978, the State Department Legal Adviser advised the Con-gress on his conclusion that Israel’s govern-ment, the Israeli Government’s program of es-tablishing civilian settlements in the occupied territory is inconsistent with international law, and we see no change since then to affect that fundamental conclusion. Now, you may have heard that some criti-cized this resolution for calling East Jerusalem occupied territory. But to be clear, there was absolutely nothing new in last week’s resolu-tion on that issue. It was one of a long line of Security Council resolutions that included East Jerusalem as part of the territories occupied by Israel in 1967, and that includes resolutions passed by the Security Council under Presi-dent Reagan and President George H.W. Bush. And remember that every U.S. adminis-tration since 1967, along with the entire inter-national community, has recognized East Je-rusalem as among the territories that Israel occupied in the Six-Day War. Now, I want to stress this point: We fully re-spect Israel’s profound historic and religious ties to the city and to its holy sites. We’ve never questioned that. This resolution in no manner prejudges the outcome of permanent status negotiations on East Jerusalem, which must, of course, reflect those historic ties and the realities on the ground. That’s our position. We still support it. We also strongly reject the notion that somehow the United States was the driving force behind this resolution. The Egyptians and Palestinians had long made clear to all of us—to all of the international community—their intention to bring a resolution to a vote before the end of the year, and we communicated that to the Israelis and they knew it anyway. The United States did not draft or originate this resolution, nor did we put it forward. It was drafted by Egypt—it was drafted and I think introduced by Egypt, which is one of Israel’s closest friends in the region, in coordi-nation with the Palestinians and others. And during the time of the process as it went out, we made clear to others, including those on the Security Council, that it was pos-sible that if the resolution were to be balanced and it were to include references to incitement and to terrorism, that it was possible the United States would then not block it, that—if it was balanced and fair. That’s a standard practice with resolutions at the Security Coun-cil. The Egyptians and the Palestinians and many others understood that if the text were more balanced, it was possible we wouldn’t block it. But we also made crystal clear that the President of the United States would not make a final decision about our own position until we saw the final text. In the end, we did not agree with every word in this resolution. There are important 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.043 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH158 January 5, 2017 
issues that are not sufficiently addressed or even addressed at all. But we could not in good conscience veto a resolution that con-demns violence and incitement and reiterates what has been for a long time the over-whelming consensus and international view on settlements and calls for the parties to start taking constructive steps to advance the two- state solution on the ground. Ultimately, it will be up to the Israeli people to decide whether the unusually heated at-tacks that Israeli officials have directed to-wards this Administration best serve Israel’s national interests and its relationship with an ally that has been steadfast in its support, as I described. Those attacks, alongside allega-tions of U.S.-led conspiracy and other manu-factured claims, distract attention from what the substance of this vote was really all about. And we all understand that Israel faces very serious threats in a very tough neighborhood. Israelis are rightfully concerned about making sure that there is not a new terrorist haven right next door to them, often referencing what’s happened with Gaza, and we under-stand that and we believe there are ways to meet those needs of security. And Israelis are fully justified in decrying attempts to legitimize their state and question the right of a Jewish state to exist. But this vote was not about that. It was about actions that Israelis and Palestin-ians are taking that are increasingly rendering a two-state solution impossible. It was not about making peace with the Palestinians now—it was about making sure that peace with the Palestinians will be possible in the fu-ture. Now, we all understand that Israel faces ex-traordinary, serious threats in a very tough neighborhood. And Israelis are very correct in making sure that there’s not a terrorist haven right on their border. But this vote—I can’t emphasize enough—is not about the possibility of arriving at an agreement that’s going to resolve that over-night or in one year or two years. This is about a longer process. This is about how we make peace with the Palestinians in the future but preserve the capacity to do so. So how do we get there? How do we get there, to that peace? Since the parties have not yet been able to resume talks, the U.S. and the Middle East Quartet have repeatedly called on both sides to independently demonstrate a genuine com-mitment to the two-state solution—not just with words, but with real actions and policies—to create the conditions for meaningful negotia-tions. We’ve called for both sides to take signifi-cant steps on the ground to reverse current trends and send a different message—a clear message—that they are prepared to fun-damentally change the equation without wait-ing for the other side to act. We have pushed them to comply with their basic commitments under their own prior agreements in order to advance a two-state reality on the ground. We have called for the Palestinians to do everything in their power to stop violence and incitement, including publicly and consistently condemning acts of terrorism and stopping the glorification of violence. And we have called on them to continue ef-forts to strengthen their own institutions and to improve governance, transparency, and ac-countability. And we have stressed that the Hamas arms buildup and militant activities in Gaza must stop. Along with our Quartet partners, we have called on Israel to end the policy of settlement construction and expansion, of taking land for exclusive Israeli use and denying Palestinian development. To reverse the current process, the U.S. and our partners have encouraged Israel to resume the transfer of greater civil authority to the Palestinians in Area C, consistent with the transition that was called for by Oslo. And we have made clear that significant progress across a range of sectors, including housing, agriculture, and natural resources, can be made without negatively impacting Israel’s le-gitimate security needs. And we’ve called for significantly easing the movement and access restrictions to and from Gaza, with due consid-eration for Israel’s need to protect its citizens from terrorist attacks. So let me stress here again: None of the steps that I just talked about would negatively impact Israel’s security. Let me also emphasize this is not about of-fering limited economic measures that perpet-uate the status quo. We’re talking about sig-nificant steps that would signal real progress towards creating two states. That’s the bottom line: If we’re serious about the two-state solution, it’s time to start imple-menting it now. Advancing the process of sep-aration now, in a serious way, could make a significant difference in saving the two-state solution and in building confidence in the citi-zens of both sides that peace is, indeed, pos-sible. And much progress can be made in ad-vance of negotiations that can lay the founda-tion for negotiations, as contemplated by the Oslo process. In fact, these steps will help create the conditions for successful talks. Now, in the end, we all understand that a final status agreement can only be achieved through direct negotiations between the par-ties. We’ve said that again and again. We cannot impose the peace. There are other countries in the UN who be-lieve it is our job to dictate the terms of a solu-tion in the Security Council. Others want us to simply recognize a Palestinian state, absent an agreement. But I want to make clear today, these are not the choices that we will make. We choose instead to draw on the experi-ences of the last eight years, to provide a way forward when the parties are ready for serious negotiations. In a place where the narratives from the past powerfully inform and mold the present, it’s important to understand the his-tory. We mark this year and next a series of milestones that I believe both illustrate the two sides of the conflict and form the basis for its resolution. It’s worth touching on them briefly. A hundred and twenty years ago, the First Zionist Congress was convened in Basel by a group of Jewish visionaries, who decided that the only effective response to the waves of anti-Semitic horrors sweeping across Europe was to create a state in the historic home of the Jewish people, where their ties to the land went back centuries—a state that could de-fend its borders, protect its people, and live in peace with its neighbors. That was the vision. That was the modern beginning, and it re-mains the dream of Israel today. Nearly 70 years ago, United Nations Gen-eral Assembly Resolution 181 finally paved the way to making the State of Israel a reality. The concept was simple: to create two states for two peoples—one Jewish, one Arab—to realize the national aspirations of both Jews and Palestinians. And both Israel and the PLO referenced Resolution 181 in their respective declarations of independence. The United States recognized Israel seven minutes after its creation. But the Palestinians and the Arab world did not, and from its birth, Israel had to fight for its life. Palestinians also suffered terribly in the 1948 war, including many who had lived for generations in a land that had long been their home too. And when Israel celebrates its 70th anniversary in 2018, the Palestinians will mark a very different anni-versary: 70 years since what they call the Nakba, or catastrophe. Next year will also mark 50 years since the end of the Six-Day War, when Israel again fought for its survival. And Palestinians will again mark just the opposite: 50 years of mili-tary occupation. Both sides have accepted UN Security Council Resolution 242, which called for the withdrawal of Israel from territory that it occupied in 1967 in return for peace and se-cure borders, as the basis for ending the con-flict. It has been more than 20 years since Israel and the PLO signed their first agreement—the Oslo Accords—and the PLO formally recog-nized Israel. Both sides committed to a plan to transition much of the West Bank and Gaza to Palestinian control during permanent status negotiations that would put an end to their conflict. Unfortunately, neither the transition nor the final agreement came about, and both sides bear responsibility for that. Finally, some 15 years ago, King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia came out with the historic Arab Peace Initiative, which offered fully nor-malized relations with Israel when it made peace—an enormous opportunity then and now, which has never been fully been em-braced. That history was critical to our approach to trying to find a way to resolve the conflict. And based on my experience with both sides over the last four years, including the nine months of formal negotiations, the core issues can be resolved if there is leadership on both sides committed to finding a solution. In the end, I believe the negotiations did not fail because the gaps were too wide, but be-cause the level of trust was too low. Both sides were concerned that any concessions would not be reciprocated and would come at too great a political cost. And the deep public skepticism only made it more difficult for them to be able to take risks. In the countless hours that we spent work-ing on a detailed framework, we worked through numerous formulations and developed specific bridging proposals, and we came away with a clear understanding of the funda-mental needs of both sides. In the past two and a half years, I have tested ideas with re-gional and international stakeholders, including our Quartet partners. And I believe what has emerged from all of that is a broad consensus on balanced principles that would satisfy the core needs of both sides. President Clinton deserves great credit for laying out extensive parameters designed to bridge gaps in advanced final status negotia-tions 16 years ago. Today, with mistrust too high to even start talks, we’re at the opposite end of the spectrum. Neither side is willing to even risk acknowledging the other’s bottom 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.044 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H159 January 5, 2017 
line, and more negotiations that do not produce progress will only reinforce the worst fears. Now, everyone understands that negotia-tions would be complex and difficult, and no-body can be expected to agree on the final re-sult in advance. But if the parties could at least demonstrate that they understand the other side’s most basic needs—and are poten-tially willing to meet them if theirs are also met at the end of comprehensive negotiations— perhaps then enough trust could be estab-lished to enable a meaningful process to begin. It is in that spirit that we offer the following principles—not to prejudge or impose an out-come, but to provide a possible basis for seri-ous negotiations when the parties are ready. Now, individual countries may have more de-tailed policies on these issues—as we do, by the way—but I believe there is a broad con-sensus that a final status agreement that could meet the needs of both sides would do the following. Principle number one: Provide for secure and recognized international borders between Israel and a viable and contiguous Palestine, negotiated based on the 1967 lines with mutu-ally agreed equivalent swaps. Resolution 242, which has been enshrined in international law for 50 years, provides for the withdrawal of Israel from territory it occu-pied in 1967 in return for peace with its neigh-bors and secure and recognized borders. It has long been accepted by both sides, and it remains the basis for an agreement today. As Secretary, one of the first issues that I worked out with the Arab League was their agreement that the reference in the Arab Peace Initiative to the 1967 lines would from now on include the concept of land swaps, which the Palestinians have acknowledged. And this is necessary to reflect practical reali-ties on the ground, and mutually agreed equiv-alent swaps that will ensure that the agree-ment is fair to both sides. There is also broad recognition of Israel’s need to ensure that the borders are secure and defensible, and that the territory of Pal-estine is viable and contiguous. Virtually ev-eryone that I have spoken to has been clear on this principle as well: No changes by Israel to the 1967 lines will be recognized by the international community unless agreed to by both sides. Principle two: Fulfill the vision of the UN General Assembly Resolution 181 of two states for two peoples, one Jewish and one Arab, with mutual recognition and full equal rights for all their respective citizens. This has been the fundamental—the foundational principle of the two-state solution from the beginning: creating a state for the Jewish people and a state for the Palestinian people, where each can achieve their national aspirations. And Resolution 181 is incor-porated into the foundational documents of both the Israelis and Palestinians. Recognition of Israel as a Jewish state has been the U.S. position for years, and based on my conversa-tions in these last months, I am absolutely convinced that many others are now prepared to accept it as well—provided the need for a Palestinian state is also addressed. We also know that there are some 1.7 mil-lion Arab citizens who call Israel their home and must now and always be able to live as equal citizens, which makes this a difficult issue for Palestinians and others in the Arab world. That’s why it is so important that in rec-ognizing each other’s homeland—Israel for the Jewish people and Palestine for the Pales-tinian people—both sides reaffirm their com-mitment to upholding full equal rights for all of their respective citizens. Principle number three: Provide for a just, agreed, fair, and realistic solution to the Pales-tinian refugee issue, with international assist-ance, that includes compensation, options and assistance in finding permanent homes, ac-knowledgment of suffering, and other meas-ures necessary for a comprehensive resolution consistent with two states for two peoples. The plight of many Palestinian refugees is heartbreaking, and all agree that their needs have to be addressed. As part of a com-prehensive resolution, they must be provided with compensation, their suffering must be ac-knowledged, and there will be a need to have options and assistance in finding permanent homes. The international community can pro-vide significant support and assistance. I know we are prepared to do that, including in raising money to help ensure the compensation and other needs of the refugees are met, and many have expressed a willingness to con-tribute to that effort, particularly if it brings peace. But there is a general recognition that the solution must be consistent with two states for two peoples, and cannot affect the funda-mental character of Israel. Principle four: Provide an agreed resolution for Jerusalem as the internationally recognized capital of the two states, and protect and as-sure freedom of access to the holy sites con-sistent with the established status quo. Now, Jerusalem is the most sensitive issue for both sides, and the solution will have to meet the needs not only of the parties, but of all three monotheistic faiths. That is why the holy sites that are sacred to billions of people around the world must be protected and re-main accessible and the established status quo maintained. Most acknowledge that Jeru-salem should not be divided again like it was in 1967, and we believe that. At the same time, there is broad recognition that there will be no peace agreement without reconciling the basic aspirations of both sides to have capitals there. Principle five: Satisfy Israel’s security needs and bring a full end, ultimately, to the occupa-tion, while ensuring that Israel can defend itself effectively and that Palestine can provide security for its people in a sovereign and non- militarized state. Security is the fundamental issue for Israel together with a couple of others I’ve men-tioned, but security is critical. Everyone under-stands that no Israeli Government can ever accept an agreement that does not satisfy its security needs or that risk creating an endur-ing security threat like Gaza transferred to the West Bank. And Israel must be able to defend itself effectively, including against terrorism and other regional threats. In fact, there is a real willingness by Egypt, Jordan, and others to work together with Israel on meeting key security challenges. And I believe that those collective efforts, including close coordination on border security, intelligence-sharing, joint cooperations—joint operation, can all play a critical role in securing the peace. At the same time, fully ending the occupa-tion is the fundamental issue for the Palestin-ians. They need to know that the military oc-cupation itself will really end after an agreed transitional process. They need to know they can live in freedom and dignity in a sovereign state while providing security for their popu-lation even without a military of their own. This is widely accepted as well. And it is important to understand there are many different ways without occupation for Israel and Palestine and Jordan and Egypt and the United States and others to cooperate in providing that secu-rity. Now, balancing those requirements was among the most important challenges that we faced in the negotiations, but it was one where the United States has the ability to provide the most assistance. And that is why a team that was led by General John Allen, who is here, for whom I am very grateful for his many hours of effort, along with—he is one of our foremost military minds, and dozens of experts from the Department of Defense and other agencies, all of them engaged extensively with the Israeli Defense Force on trying to find so-lutions that could help Israel address its legiti-mate security needs. They developed innovative approaches to creating unprecedented, multi-layered border security; enhancing Palestinian capacity; ena-bling Israel to retain the ability to address threats by itself even when the occupation had ended. General Allen and his team were not suggesting one particular outcome or one par-ticular timeline, nor were they suggesting that technology alone would resolve these prob-lems. They were simply working on ways to support whatever the negotiators agreed to. And they did some very impressive work that gives me total confidence that Israel’s security requirements can be met. Principle six: End the conflict and all out-standing claims, enabling normalized relations and enhanced regional security for all as en-visaged by the Arab Peace Initiative. It is es-sential for both sides that the final status agreement resolves all the outstanding issues and finally brings closure to this conflict, so that everyone can move ahead to a new era of peaceful coexistence and cooperation. For Israel, this must also bring broader peace with all of its Arab neighbors. That is the funda-mental promise of the Arab Peace Initiative, which key Arab leaders have affirmed in these most recent days. The Arab Peace Initiative also envisions en-hanced security for all of the region. It envis-ages Israel being a partner in those efforts when peace is made. This is the area where Israel and the Arab world are looking at per-haps the greatest moment of potential trans-formation in the Middle East since Israel’s cre-ation in 1948. The Arab world faces its own set of security challenges. With Israeli-Pales-tinian peace, Israel, the United States, Jordan, Egypt—together with the GCC countries— would be ready and willing to define a new se-curity partnership for the region that would be absolutely groundbreaking. So ladies and gentlemen, that’s why it is vital that we all work to keep open the possi-bility of peace, that we not lose hope in the two-state solution, no matter how difficult it may seem—because there really is no viable alternative. Now, we all know that a speech alone won’t produce peace. But based on over 30 years of experience and the lessons from the past 4 years, I have suggested, I believe, and Presi-dent Obama has signed on to and believes in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.045 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH160 January 5, 2017 
a path that the parties could take: realistic steps on the ground now, consistent with the parties’ own prior commitments, that will begin the process of separating into two states; a political horizon to work towards to create the conditions for a successful final status talk; and a basis for negotiations that the parties could accept to demonstrate that they are seri-ous about making peace. We can only encourage them to take this path; we cannot walk down it for them. But if they take these steps, peace would bring ex-traordinary benefits in enhancing the security and the stability and the prosperity of Israelis, Palestinians, all of the nations of the region. The Palestinian economy has amazing poten-tial in the context of independence, with major private sector investment possibilities and a talented, hungry, eager-to-work young work-force. Israel’s economy could enjoy unprece-dented growth as it becomes a regional eco-nomic powerhouse, taking advantage of the unparalleled culture of innovation and trading opportunities with new Arab partners. Mean-while, security challenges could be addressed by an entirely new security arrangement, in which Israel cooperates openly with key Arab states. That is the future that everybody should be working for. President Obama and I know that the in-coming administration has signaled that they may take a different path, and even suggested breaking from the longstanding U.S. policies on settlements, Jerusalem, and the possibility of a two-state solution. That is for them to de-cide. That’s how we work. But we cannot—in good conscience—do nothing, and say noth-ing, when we see the hope of peace slipping away. This is a time to stand up for what is right. We have long known what two states living side by side in peace and security looks like. We should not be afraid to say so. Now, I really began to reflect on what we have learned—and the way ahead—when I re-cently joined President Obama in Jerusalem for the state funeral for Shimon Peres. Shimon was one of the founding fathers of Israel who became one of the world’s great elder states-men—a beautiful man. I was proud to call him my friend, and I know that President Obama was as well. And I remembered the first time that I saw Shimon in person—standing on the White House lawn for the signing the historic Oslo Accords. And I thought about the last time, at an intimate one-on-one Shabbat dinner just a few months before he died, when we toasted together to the future of Israel and to the peace that he still so passionately believed in for his people. He summed it up simply and eloquently, as only Shimon could, quote, ‘‘The original man-date gave the Palestinians 48 percent, now it’s down to 22 percent. I think 78 percent is enough for us.’’ As we laid Shimon to rest that day, many of us couldn’t help but wonder if peace between Israelis and Palestinians might also be buried along with one of its most eloquent cham-pions. We cannot let that happen. There is simply too much at stake—for future genera-tions of Israelis and Palestinians—to give in to pessimism, especially when peace is, in fact, still possible. We must not lose hope in the possibility of peace. We must not give in to those who say what is now must always be, that there is no chance for a better future. It is up to Israelis and Palestinians to make the difficult choices for peace, but we can all help. And for the sake of future generations of Israelis and Pal-estinians, for all the people of the region, for the United States, for all those around the world who have prayed for and worked for peace for generations, let’s hope that we are all prepared—and particularly Israelis and Pal-estinians—to make those choices now. Thank you very much. (Applause.) Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ). Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 11. Contrary to the U.N. resolution that we are con-demning today, which condemns the settlements that are taking place in Israel, the new settlements that the Israelis find themselves permitting are not undermining the cause of peace. Let’s get this straight. This is what we just hear over and over again that the settlements are undermining peace. What undermines peace is when the Palestinian people continue with their policies of terrorism, both attacking with missiles and rockets, as well as stabbings, as well as the Palestinian people and their leaders unwilling to stand up and recognize that Israel ex-ists. They don’t have a right to flood into that country with a right of re-turn. That is what undermines the peace. The settlements wouldn’t be taking place, except the Israelis and the United Nations and the supporters of the Palestinians have made a mockery of the deal that was made. The Israelis withdrew from control of the territory. They withdrew, and they permitted the Palestinians to establish authority there with two promises: number one, they wouldn’t use the ter-ritory to attack Israel; and number two, they would recognize Israel’s right to exist, and this right of return per-mitting them to flood into Israel and eliminate it that way did not exist. The Palestinians have given up noth-ing. The Israelis have given up terri-tory and made themselves vulnerable to the type of attack that leaves Israelis dead every day from terrorist attacks. No, the U.N. has it wrong. That reso-lution by the U.N. makes peace less likely. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), the Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reiterate the strong, bipar-tisan support for our ally, Israel, in the United States Congress. Support for Israel has always been a bipartisan value, and it reflects the values of our country. Although we are entering a period of one-party govern-ment, bipartisan support for Israel re-mains a strategic asset, and those who support Israel need to be careful not to jeopardize that. I think none of my col-leagues do that. I want to make it clear. In supporting this House resolution, we are expressing our deep concern re-garding the decision to abstain in the U.N. Security Council Resolution 2334. Some may point out that the decision to abstain does not veer from the ac-tions of past administrations. They would be right. It does not. That may be true, but it does not justify, in my view, this particular vote. Allowing a one-sided resolution, which I perceived the U.N. resolution to be, to be adopted at this juncture sends the wrong signal and emboldens Israel’s and America’s enemies. The United Nations is notorious for its disproportionate criticism of Israel. As Ambassador Samantha Power said before the U.N. Security Council vote on Resolution 2334: ‘‘As long as Israel has been a member of this institution, Israel has been treated differently from other nations at the United Nations.’’ She also noted that, in 2016 alone, the U.N. adopted more resolutions critical of Israel than it did nations that bra-zenly violate international law and vio-late human rights—more than Syria, more than Iran, more than North Korea, more than South Sudan, more than Russia, combined. A one-sided resolution that assigns exclusive blame to Israel for the con-tinuation of the conflict—without ad-dressing Palestinian incitement to vio-lence, Hamas control of Gaza, or their continued insistence on the so-called right of return and refusing to accept Israel as a Jewish state—undermines prospects for a two-state solution. Also deeply concerning is this resolu-tion’s reference of Israeli presence in East Jerusalem, including the Jewish Quarter of the Old City and the West-ern Wall, as illegal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. The only way to achieve a real and lasting peace that enables Israel to protect its security and re-main both a Jewish state and a demo-cratic one is a two-state solution, which I strongly support. There are two parties to this conflict. Both have responsibilities. Both need to take steps toward peace. For Israel, this means not building in areas envi-sioned in the long term as part of a fu-ture Palestinian state; and for Pal-estinians, it means ending incitement, ending terrorism, and affirmatively ac-cepting Israel’s right to existence. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 11. The U.N. resolution, on the other hand, is vastly disproportionate and in-cludes language that seems designed to provoke Israel. Categorizing the West-ern Wall, Judaism’s holiest site, as oc-cupied territory is entirely inappro-priate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.046 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H161 January 5, 2017 
I believe that President Obama should have directed the United States to veto the U.N. resolution. Instead, our Ambassador sat silent. Abstaining on this vote handed a victory to the forces that wish to delegitimate Israel. This resolution erects a greater bar-rier between the two sides, hindering critical negotiations. The peace proc-ess must be negotiated bilaterally by Israel and the Palestinians with sup-port, not provocation, by outside ac-tors. In this new year and new Congress, we should act to reassert a position of strength on the world stage. We must stand by our allies, including our strongest ally in the Middle East, Israel. This country should have exer-cised its veto power as it has done be-fore and thwarted this divisive anti- Israel effort. Please vote ‘‘yes’’ on this resolution. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, who are we kidding? I heard the ranking member say this isn’t about Obama, and yet virtually every statement on the other side of the aisle is trashing President Obama. If you want to simply condemn the U.N. resolution, let’s do so. I will join you. But that isn’t what this is about. It is subterfuge. This is about kicking a President on the way out one more time, enhancing a false narrative about his lack of support for our ally Israel. And it greases the skids to defund the United Nations while they are at it. I say to my friends on my side of the aisle: Don’t be fooled. Don’t be enablers. That is what this agenda is about. There was a viable alternative we could have had on the floor, and we were denied that right. We were even denied to have a motion to recommit for a reason: because they don’t want to risk that. They want to control the platform that is negative and insidious and a resolution filled with insinu-ations and distortions of fact and his-tory. Vote ‘‘no’’ on H. Res. 11. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, just by way of the facts, what this resolution attempts to do is to reject the U.N. resolution that calls for a Pal-estinian state but not a Jewish state, a resolution that opens the door for those who want to impose boycott, di-vestment, or other sanctions measures against Israel or Israeli companies and, in essence, declares Judaism’s holiest site as occupied territory. That is what is in this resolution. Those are the facts that we are debating here. Those are the facts that need to be rejected, my colleagues. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ). Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn the U.N. resolution which hinders the path to peace and aims to undermine Israel, one of our country’s top allies. Our policy has long been that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict should be resolved by direct, bilateral talks be-tween the two parties. This U.N. reso-lution contradicts our longstanding policy, first, by legitimatizing Pales-tinian Authority efforts to utilize international organizations to carry out its own solution; and second, by not providing for the Palestinian Au-thority to uphold their own responsi-bility as it relates to the peace nego-tiations. The U.N. resolution disregards that Hamas, a terrorist organization, pres-ently controls a portion of what would be the Palestinian state. That is an outrage, Mr. Speaker. We must not sit on the sidelines or be silenced when anti-Israel resolutions are presented at international organi-zations. That is why I support H. Res. 11 today. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ). We are pleased that he is back. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, for 19 years, when Jordan occupied East Je-rusalem and the West Bank, Jews could not visit the Western Wall or the Jew-ish Quarter of the Old City. They were denied access to places where, for 2,000 years, they have continuously made a personal connection to their faith and their history. It is impossible to separate Jewish identity from the Western Wall or the Western Wall from its Jewish identity or Jerusalem from the Jewish State of Israel, yet this is exactly what has been happening in the United Nations for years and exactly what Security Council Resolution 2334 sought to do. In addition, the resolution over-whelmingly assigns blame to Israel, while avoiding direct criticism of Pal-estinian incitement and violence. That is why, last month, I strongly urged President Obama to veto the resolu-tion. The U.S. has and must continue to seek a sustainable two-state solution with a democratic, Jewish State of Israel and a demilitarized democratic Palestinian state living side by side in peace and security. But the only path to two states is through direct negotia-tions by the two parties. Efforts to force a solution at the U.N. or inter-nationalize the issues are misguided and risk moving peace further away. As an original cosponsor, I call on my colleagues to join me in supporting H. Res. 11. Mr. ROYCE of California. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkan-sas (Mr. H
ILL). b1830 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I rise in strong support of this resolution. We need to close ranks in the House of Representatives. We need to, as col-leagues, support what for decades has been the cornerstone principle of American diplomacy towards Israel and Palestine, and that is direct nego-tiation between these two countries. That is the only way that peace can be achieved. The fact that our Ambas-sador to the United Nations went against decades of precedent by ab-staining from this vote is appalling. It is another vote for tyrants and terror-ists. All of us need to close ranks to sup-port a two-state solution between Israel and Palestine. I am proud to stand with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle tonight, Mr. ENGEL and Mr. R
OYCE , in opposing this mistake that has been made by our U.N. Ambassador and by the U.N. resolution itself. Both are wrong. Both our decision to abstain and the drafting have been destructive. I am proud to have this resolution in the House to once again undo this harm and support our ally. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 11 to reject the anti-Israel U.N. Security Council Resolution 2334. Since 1972, the United States has vetoed 42 anti-Israel resolu-tions; but all of that changed in 2016. The facts are, in the very final days of his administration, President Obama left our only ally in the Middle East to stand alone by blatantly and delib-erately violating longstanding U.S. policy. For crying out loud, either we are with Israel or we are not. I could go on and on about the sever-ity of the President’s refusal to veto an anti-Israel U.N. resolution and his deci-sion to abstain from a vote on it. In-stead, I will let Prime Minister Netanyahu’s words speak for them-selves: ‘‘The Obama administration not only failed to protect Israel against this gang-up at the U.N., it colluded with it behind the scenes.’’ Antagonizing our allies is not much of a foreign policy strategy. This is be-trayal of the worst kind. Anti-Israel policies will not be tolerated. We are partners in this world and allies in de-mocracy. I urge my colleagues to stand with Israel and support this legisla-tion. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is now my great pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the ranking member of the Ap-propriations Committee. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of today’s bipartisan measure. There are no shortcuts to peace. Only the Israelis and the Pal-estinians can resolve their complicated differences through direct negotiation. That is why it has been longstanding policy to defend our ally Israel against one-sided U.N. Security Council resolu-tions seeking to impose solutions. Last year, Congresswoman G
RANGER  and I led a letter to President Obama signed by 394 Members of this body 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.106 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH162 January 5, 2017 
cautioning against one-sided U.N. ini-tiatives that dangerously hinder the prospects for resuming direct negotia-tions. I believe the administration’s ab-stention is a stain on our country’s long and consistent record. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time, and I thank our chair of the com-mittee and our ranking member. I am here to stand with Israel. The question of the best way to do that is one of legitimate debate. It is a debate that we are having here in the House. It is a debate that the folks in Israel are having there. There is no question that the resolution before us is not the one that everyone would have written, or the one that was before the U.N. was the one everyone would have written. There is no question that there is fault on the side of the Palestinians with re-spect to coming to the table for peace. But here is the question that is start-ing to really make an impact on the possibility of achieving the two-state solution that both sides by and large believe is essential, and that is some-thing that is within the control of the Israeli Government: Will it continue to intensify the support for settlements in the West Bank? If it does, as it has been, there are 600,000 settlers now be-tween the West Bank and east Jeru-salem. If it continues to do that, it makes as a practical matter it vir-tually impossible the land-for-peace swap that we know is essential to get to a two-state solution. That is the practical challenge that we have. We are all friends of Israel. All of us here believe in a Jewish state and a democratic state. The second issue of major concern that is discussed in Israel as well as here is the fact that demographics are going to catch up and cause a real cri-sis in Israel to maintain that Jewish identity and that democratic tradition. There are 4.5 million Arabs who live be-tween the West Bank and in Israel proper. There are 6.5 million Jewish citizens. If there is not some resolu-tion, at some point a decision has to be made to maintain the Jewish character at the expense of democratic ideals or compromise democratic ideals in order to maintain that Jewish identity. The Israeli State has a proud, strong tradition of being democratic, of being reliable, of standing up for civil and human rights. Many there, and some of us here, believe settlements are an im-pediment to that tradition. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. T
AYLOR ). Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time. A couple of weeks ago I stood in the Judea/Sumeria area in the West Bank speaking with numerous out of thou-sands of Palestinians working in fac-tories, those who earn three times the salary that they would under the Pal-estinian Authority. They don’t want their proudly made products boycotted. They don’t want to lose their jobs. They don’t want disruptive Palestinian Authority leaders to always speak for them—whose own area has 40 percent unemployment and no opportunity. The Obama administration had 8 years to show their true colors. But when they didn’t get their way, they insecurely, naively, and cowardly lashed out at our greatest and strong-est ally in the Middle East. Women, religious minorities, LGBT, and Jews would not have equal rights, democracy, or peace in a Palestinian country. In fact, the Palestinian Au-thority punishes Palestinians by death if they sell their land to the Jewish people lawfully. The current administration has used the United Nations to both legitimize a profoundly flawed Iran deal and delegitimize Israel. To think that set-tlements are the only thing that stands in front of peace is dangerously naive. I urge my colleagues to stand with the bipartisan Royce-Engel resolution. I urge my colleagues to stand with Israel and to stand with the Palestin-ians in the West Bank. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), my friend on the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and the ranking member of the Middle East Subcommittee. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, in April of last year, 394 Members of this House sent a letter to the President urging him to oppose and veto if necessary any one-sided United Nations resolu-tions. Unfortunately, the resolution that passed the Security Council reso-lution without our veto was exactly that. It was one-sided. The resolution contained no fewer than five provisions on Israeli settle-ment activity. It calls the Jewish neighborhoods of Jerusalem illegal, and it characterizes Jews praying at the Western Wall as being in flagrant violation of international law. But even if you choose to accept every provision on settlement activity, the resolution included only one very general statement about violence. The U.N., which is historically biased against Israel, could not even condemn Palestinian terrorism against Israel as an obstacle to peace. It is, and the U.N. must acknowledge it. That is not bal-anced. It is one-sided. Today’s resolution clearly supports the goal of two states: a Jewish demo-cratic State of Israel living next to a demilitarized Palestinian state as it stands against one-sided U.N. resolu-tions to take us further than this goal. Please support this resolution. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, we are all friends of Israel, but that friendship requires more than demonizing the United Na-tions and the Obama administration. In fact, it requires the facing of hard truths, the destructive effect of incite-ment and violence on the Palestinian side, which the U.N. resolution explic-itly acknowledges, and the threat to peace and to any conceivable two-state solution by relentless settlement ex-pansion on the Israeli side, pushed by the right wing, unchallenged by H. Res. 11. The majority, seeking to push this resolution through, has displayed little interest in what it would take actually to achieve peace, choosing instead to distort the history, to impugn the mo-tives of those attempting to achieve peace. It is not worthy of this body. I urge its rejection. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. When an unfair, one-sided resolution moves forward in the U.N., as Israel’s ally, we have an obligation to say it is wrong. That is what this resolution does. This resolution also calls for a two-state solution. So my colleagues who are somehow portraying this reso-lution as not being for a two-state res-olution, they are absolutely wrong. I urge my colleagues, especially my Democratic colleagues, to continue to support the U.S.-Israel alliance, and you continue to support it by voting for this resolution. This is a fair reso-lution. Let’s remember, when Israel left Gaza and uprooted settlements, what did it get in return? Not peace, but ter-rorism. Stand with the people of Israel. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on this resolution. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in short, United Na-tions Security Council Resolution 2334 has harmed our ally Israel. It has harmed the prospects for peace. It is one-sided. It is an anti-Israel resolu-tion, the kind of which it has been longstanding U.S. policy to veto within the U.N. Security Council, and it is not hard to see why because this resolution opens the door for those who want to impose boycott, divestment, or other sanctions measures against Israel or against Israeli companies. And, in es-sence, it declares Judaism’s holiest site, the Western Wall, as occupied ter-ritory. Mr. Speaker, this is reminiscent of another action by the United Nations, the infamous ‘‘Zionism is racism’’ reso-lution whose damage took decades to undo. Fortunately, the bipartisan rejection of the President’s U.N. decision pro-vides an opportunity for the House to rally around a more constructive pol-icy and renewed U.S. leadership in the region. I strongly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this resolution so that the bipartisan policy of rejecting this harmful U.N. Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.108 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H163 January 5, 2017 
Council resolution and encouraging di-rect negotiation is endorsed loud and clear. It is far past time for the incite-ment to stop and the budgeting of $300 million by the Palestinian Authority to pay people to slay Israeli civilians be discontinued. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of the bipartisan House Res-olution 11 expressing opposition to UNSCR 2334. In the summer of 1983 I visited the Western Wall in Jerusalem, Judaism’s most holy site, for the first time. Merely 17 years earlier I could not have gone to the Wall, or for that matter anywhere in the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem. From 1949 to 1967, when Jordan occupied Jerusalem, Jews could not visit the one place where for nearly 2000 years, they had continu-ously made a personal connection to their faith and their history. It is impossible to separate Jewish identity from the Western Wall, just as it is impossible to separate the Western Wall from its Jewish identity, or Jerusalem from the Jewish State of Israel. Yet this is exactly what has been happening in the United Nations for years, and exactly what the one-sided UN Resolution sought to do. In addition to seeking to declare the eastern part of Jerusalem a settlement, the resolution overwhelmingly assigns blame to Israel, while averting direct criticism of Palestinian incite-ment and violence. That is why last month I strongly urged President Obama to veto the resolution. The U.S. has, and must continue to seek a sustainable two-state solution with a demo-cratic, Jewish state of Israel and a demili-tarized, democratic Palestinian state living side-by-side in peace and security. But the only path to two states is through di-rect, bilateral negotiations between the two parties. Efforts to force a solution at the U.N. or to internationalize the issue are misguided, and risk moving peace further away, not clos-er. Israel is our most important strategic ally in a most important and chaotic region of the world. The United States always has and al-ways will ensure the security of Israel. As an original co-sponsor, I call on my col-leagues to join me in supporting House Reso-lution 11. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Resolution 11. I’d like to thank Chairman R
OYCE and Rank-ing Member E
NGEL for bringing this resolution to the Floor. Your continued bipartisan support for our friend and ally, Israel, sets the right tone for any discussion this body has regarding this vital relationship. Almost 70 years ago, on May 14, 1948, with the support of fiercely Democratic president, Harry Truman, the nation of Israel was born. Created in the aftermath of World War II, the special relationship that our two countries now enjoy was founded. For 70 years, our government has supported Israeli interest be-cause they represent American interest. Throughout the decades, from Dwight Ei-senhower to Barack Obama, from the great Texan, and Speaker Sam Rayburn to Speaker R
YAN, our government has worked across party lines and across branches of govern-ment to ensure the one, true democracy in the Middle East is able to grow and prosper with-out hindrance. Recently, we have reaffirmed our support for Israel by signing a new Memorandum of Understanding and resoundingly telling the world that we support our ally in the Middle East. UNSCR 2334 does not align with this af-firmation. It should be the policy of the United States to support a viable two-state solution, where Palestinians and Israelis live in prosperity and security. This does not mean negotiating out of fear or forced necessity. I want to, again, express my gratitude and appreciation for this body and our friends on the Foreign Affairs Committee for leading by example. U.S.-Israeli relations have always been bi-partisan and should remain that way. It is my hope the new Administration will build on the foundation created by the Presidents and elected officials that came before us and sup-port Israel in a bipartisan fashion. I ask my colleagues to support House Reso-lution 11. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, any measure that seeks to promote a peaceful resolution to ten-sions between Israelis and Palestinians— whether coming from the United Nations or from this Chamber—should provide a bal-anced picture of the facts on the ground and the challenges confronting both sides. The re-cent UN Security Resolution on Israeli settle-ments failed that test by blaming Israel almost solely for impeding a two-states solution for peace and by using prejudicial language that places an unfair burden on Israel in depicting the basis for future negotiations. Calling any settlement activity by Israel since 1967 a major obstacle to peace, as the UN resolution does, ignores the reality that geographical ad-justments will have to be made as part of any two-states solution reached by parties through direct negotiations. However, the resolution before us today is also not balanced in that it too ignores condi-tions on the ground. Expressing the sense of Congress to repeal the UN Resolution does not focus on the increasingly fragile state of the two-states solution, and on conditions that make its potential achievement increasingly difficult to obtain. Prime Minister Netanyahu has called his government the most pro-settle-ment in history. President-elect Trump further diminishes chances for the two-states solution by choosing envoys who undercut the pros-pects for peace by expressing support for major settlement expansions, and whose op-position to a two-states solution reinforces op-position within the Israeli government. These positions threaten to continue to move mo-mentum dangerously away from the possibility of a two-states solution. I believe that the two-states approach, as challenging as it is to achieve, is the only way to ensure a Jewish and democratic state of Israel living in security with a non-militarized Palestinian state. It is important for peace in the Middle East and U.S. national interests. This resolution is at present the only vehicle to express my concerns with the UN resolu-tion, and I will therefore support it. However, I will continue to speak out on further actions that I believe will diminish the chance of a two-states solution and on other issues vital to peace in the Middle East. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H. Res. 11, Objecting to United Na-tions Security Council Resolution 2334 as an obstacle to Israeli-Palestinian peace. On December 23, 2016, the United Nations Security Council passed Reso-lution 2334 which describes Israeli set-tlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem as illegal, with the United States abstaining from the vote. Now, U.S. Congress has chosen to dis-approve of President Obama’s leader-ship and longstanding U.S. foreign pol-icy on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. UNSC Resolution 2334 merely reiter-ates the international community con-sensus and bipartisan U.S. policy that building settlements impedes the path to a lasting peaceful two-state solu-tion. H. Res. 11 asserts that the UNSCR is ‘‘anti-Israel’’ and ‘‘one-sided,’’ but it does not break new ground or create any new policy. For example, in 1987, the Reagan administration abstained and allowed the passage of UNSCR 605, reaffirming the application of the Ge-neva Convention which included Jeru-salem in the ‘‘Palestinian and Arab Territories, occupied by Israel since 1967.’’ Instead, I am urging support of an al-ternative resolution introduced and led by Congressman DAVID PRICE. Instead of disapproving of a resolution that re-affirms longstanding U.S. policy, Con-gress would work towards the progress of a two-state solution. H. Res. 11 would undermine our decades-long ef-forts towards a peaceful situation be-tween Israelis and Palestinians and it is not the best way to show our support for Israel, our strong ally. Our goal must be to reaffirm U.S. policy in the Middle East and to find solutions with the international community. We must be steadfast in our commit-ment to a two-state solution and to longstanding U.S. policy. That is why I urge my colleagues to oppose H. Res. 11 and to support the alternative resolu-tion introduced by Congressman P
RICE. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my strong support for peace in the Middle East and between Israel and the Palestinians. That is why I am for a two-state solution and the end to new Israeli settlements. However, the one-sided UN Security Council Resolution 2334 issued last month would declare the Western Wall and some Jewish holy sites, where many Jews live and pray, illegally oc-cupied territory. I am voting for H.Res. 11 today be-cause the United States should veto any UN resolution that would require Israel to give away the Western Wall or the Jewish Quarters of Jerusalem. What the United States should encour-age is an end to new settlements, a two-state solution and direct negotia-tions between Israel and the Palestin-ians. That is the only framework that can lead to a just and lasting peace. Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, today I voted against H. Res. 11, the Object to UN Security Council (UNSC) Resolution 2334 as Obstacle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.109 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH164 January 5, 2017 
to Israeli-Palestinian Peace resolution. The resolution expresses the House’s disapproval of UNSC Resolution 2334, which passed 14 to 0 with the United States abstaining from the vote. H. Res. 11 mischaracterizes the UN resolu-tion and falsely claims that the United States has never abstained from votes on similar res-olutions. The UN resolution reaffirms that Israel’s settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem are a ‘‘major obstacle’’ to peace, which has been long-standing US policy. H. Res. 11 states that the Obama Administration took an unprecedented step by abstaining from the vote when in fact the decision is not unique. The Reagan Administration took a similar step when it abstained from voting on UNSCR 605 that identified Jerusalem as part of the Palestinian and Arab Territories which is now occupied by Israel. Both Republican and Democratic presidents have continued similar U.S. policies. Representatives P
RICE, E NGEL and C ON-
NOLLY offered a more balanced resolution as an amendment to H. Res. 11, but unfortu-nately House leadership refused to allow it a vote. The text of the amendment is now H. Res. 23, of which I am a cosponsor. H. Res. 23 supports the longstanding policy that it is in the best interest of the international community that a two-state solution is reached only through direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. It reiterates United States support for Israel by opposing any outside efforts to impose a solution on the parties but rather to help facilitate peace nego-tiations. It includes continued opposition to the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) campaign which calls for boycotting certain products and companies, divesting from var-ious organizations, and encouraging the use of sanctions against Israel. I have always supported a two-state solution with Israel and a Palestinian state through di-rect negotiations between the two parties. As an ally of Israel, the United States has an in-terest to ensure a lasting peace is reached be-tween Israel and Palestine. Let me be clear, while I support the United States’ strong rela-tionship and alliance with Israel, Israel’s pro-liferation of settlements around the West Bank and East Jerusalem is directly at odds with es-tablishing a two-state solution. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I remain com-mitted to a two-state solution, where a Jewish state of Israel and a Palestinian state can co- exist in peace. The best path to ultimately achieving this peace is through direct, bilateral negotiations between Israel and the Palestin-ians, not imposed solutions by international or-ganizations. Instead of this Administration con-cluding its strong Israel record with the single largest pledge of military assistance in U.S. history, it chose to end on a perplexing note by choosing not to veto United Nations Secu-rity Council Resolution 2334. The expansion of settlements in occupied territory has been long recognized on a bipar-tisan basis and in U.S. policy for decades as doing little to improve the confidence of Arabs that a final outcome can be freely and fairly negotiated. United Nations action does not help advance the cause of peace, nor does it bring about direct negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians so they might resolve their complicated differences and find a much needed, lasting two-state solution, which I have supported my entire career. Any action, whether coming from the United Nations or the Congress, must provide a com-plete picture of the facts on the ground and full appreciation for the challenges confronting all sides. Like the one-sided resolution from the United Nations Security Council, H. Res. 11 too ignores the reality of the conditions on the ground. While I don’t believe either resolu-tion is balanced, I am voting in favor of H. Res. 11 to express my displeasure with the actions of the UN, which make direct negotia-tions all the more difficult to resume. I will con-tinue to speak out in support of efforts that lay the foundation for peace in the Middle East and vigorously oppose those that undermine a lasting two state solution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 22, the pre-vious question is ordered on the resolu-tion and on the preamble. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 342, nays 80, answered ‘‘present’’ 4, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 11] YEAS—342 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Cicilline Clarke (NY) Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Esty Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price, Tom (GA) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—80 
Amash Bass Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Carson (IN) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Foster Gabbard Garamendi Gohmert Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Heck Huffman Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kihuen Kildee Kuster (NH) Larson (CT) Lee Lewis (GA) Loebsack Lowenthal Lynch McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Nolan O’Rourke Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Schakowsky Scott (VA) Serrano Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Tsongas Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—4 
Capuano Evans Lofgren Shea-Porter 
NOT VOTING—7 
Becerra Collins (NY) Crist Franks (AZ) Gallego Pompeo Rush 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.039 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H165 January 5, 2017 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1905 Mr. CASTRO of Texas changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. TIBERI and Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. COHEN changed his vote from ‘‘present’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 11. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE TO COM-MEMORATE SIXTH ANNIVER-SARY OF SHOOTING IN TUCSON (Ms. M
CSALLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my colleagues from Arizona and around the country, to commemorate the sixth anniversary of the January 8, 2011, shooting in Tucson that killed six people and wounded 13 more. Six years ago this week, Congress-woman Giffords was sworn into office, just like we were 3 days ago. Six years ago this week, she headed home to her district, just like we all will tomorrow. And 6 years ago, on Sunday, she was engaging in one of the most funda-mental activities of representative government by meeting with her con-stituents to hear their thoughts, con-cerns, and ideas, just like we will all do in the days ahead. As Representatives, we each carry out this critical discourse when home in our districts. Its exercise is vital to our free society, which is why this shooting wasn’t just an attack on Tuc-son, but this body and our very demo-cratic foundations. The attack marked the first time in our country’s history that an assas-sination attempt was made on a con-gressional Member while engaging with her constituents. It also is remembered as the first assassination of a congres-sional staffer, Gabe Zimmerman, in the line of duty. As we remember those we lost, we also reflect on the renewed sense of compassion and civility that emerged from this tragedy. This weekend, in Tucson, we will commemorate how our community came together to support those grieving and provide an example of courage and unity that the entire country can follow. It is in this spirit of unity that we stand here for a moment of silence to recognize the six lives that were cut tragically short that day: Nine-year-old Christina Taylor Green; Dorothy Morris; Judge John Roll; Phyllis Schneck; Dorwan Stoddard; and Congressional staffer Gabriel ‘‘Gabe’’ Zimmerman. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House will observe a moment of si-lence. f 
REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECU-TIVE IN NEED OF SCRUTINY ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 22 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 26. Will the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ) kindly take the chair. b1910 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 26) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, with Mr. S
IMPSON (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 12 printed in House Report 115–1 offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) had been postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–1 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 2 by Mr. M
ESSER of Indiana. Amendment No. 3 by Mr. G
RIJALVA of Arizona. Amendment No. 4 by Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. Amendment No. 5 by Mr. C
ICILLINE of Rhode Island. Amendment No. 6 by Mr. C
ONYERS of Michigan. Amendment No. 7 by Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. Amendment No. 9 by Mr. N
ADLER of New York. Amendment No. 10 by Mr. M
CNERNEY  of California. Amendment No. 11 by Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. Amendment No. 12 by Mr. K
INGof Iowa. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . MESSER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 235, noes 185, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 12] AYES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.111 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH166 January 5, 2017 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—185 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Becerra Collins (NY) Crowley Denham Gallego Gutie´rrez Jenkins (KS) Luja´n, Ben Ray Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rush Suozzi 
b1914 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Chair, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 12. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 193, noes 230, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 13] AYES—193 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—10 
Becerra Collins (NY) Gallego Jenkins (KS) Messer Mulvaney O’Rourke Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rush 
b1918 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
AS-
TOR) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.049 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H167 January 5, 2017 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 233, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 14] AYES—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—10 
Becerra Collins (NY) Denham Gallego Jenkins (KS) Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rush Torres 
b1921 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 186, noes 232, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 15] AYES—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.116 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH168 January 5, 2017 
Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—15 
Becerra Collins (NY) Comstock Gallego Gutie´rrez Jenkins (KS) LaMalfa Mulvaney Palmer Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rokita Rush Ryan (OH) Waters, Maxine 
b1925 Mr. FERGUSON changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CONYERS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ON-
YERS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 192, noes 231, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 16] AYES—192 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—10 
Becerra Collins (NY) Diaz-Balart Gallego Jenkins (KS) Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rush Sa´nchez 
b1928 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 234, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 17] AYES—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.055 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H169 January 5, 2017 
Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—9 
Becerra Collins (NY) Crawford Gallego Jenkins (KS) Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rush 
b1932 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 194, noes 231, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 18] AYES—194 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.056 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH170 January 5, 2017 
Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Becerra Collins (NY) Gallego Jenkins (KS) Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rush 
b1936 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 235, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 19] AYES—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
Becerra Collins (NY) Gallego Jenkins (KS) Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rush 
b1940 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . SCOTT OF  
VIRGINIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 193, noes 232, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 20] AYES—193 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.057 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H171 January 5, 2017 
Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
Becerra Collins (NY) Gallego Jenkins (KS) Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rush 
b1944 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 230, noes 193, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 21] AYES—230 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke NOES—193 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.059 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH172 January 5, 2017 
NOT VOTING—10 
Becerra Collins (NY) Culberson Gallego Jenkins (KS) Mulvaney Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom (GA) Rush 
b1948 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ) having assumed the chair, Mr. S
IMPSON , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 26) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect un-less a joint resolution of approval is en-acted into law, and, pursuant to House Resolution 22, he reported the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. I am op-posed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mrs. Murphy of Florida moves to recommit the bill H.R. 26 to the Committee on the Ju-diciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the fol-lowing amendment: Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
SEC. 7. EXCEPTION FOR CERTAIN RULES THAT PROHIBIT DISCRIMINATION BY IN-SURANCE ISSUERS AGAINST DE-PENDENTS UNDER THE AGE OF 26. 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, shall apply in the case of any rule that pertains to prohibiting an in-surance issuer from eliminating, weakening, or reducing health coverage benefits for de-pendents under the age of 26. 
Mr. GOODLATTE (during the read-ing). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, this is the final amendment to the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If the amendment is adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Like a number of my new colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I was not a Member of Congress in 2010 when Con-gress enacted the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. The law has now been in place for nearly 7 years, and it has become part of the fabric of our health care system, fundamentally changing the way that we provide and pay for health care in this country. The Members of this Chamber, our counterparts in the Senate, and the in-coming President will soon have a bi-nary choice to make, and the stakes for patients, physicians, hospitals, and health insurance providers could not be higher. The choice is this: Will we retain the many provisions in the Affordable Care Act that are functioning well and work together in a bipartisan manner to re-form, refine, and rectify those provi-sions that need improvement; or, on the other hand, will we repeal the en-tire Affordable Care Act without a clear and comprehensive plan in place to replace the law with something as good or better, which is almost certain to cause chaos in our health care sys-tem and disrupt the lives and liveli-hoods of millions of our constituents? The Affordable Care Act is not per-fect; but I believe the responsible and moral course of action for this body is to strengthen the law, not repeal it. A look to historic precedent gives us guidance here. In the past, when Con-gress enacted important legislation, like Social Security or Medicare, de-signed to address serious national prob-lems, it rarely gets it perfectly right the first time. Congress almost always needs to revisit the law down the line to observe how the law has operated in practice, to see who the law has helped or who it may have inadvertently harmed, to learn from that experience, and then, based on the evidence and the counsel of our constituents, to work across party lines to make any necessary improvements to the law. The perfect must never become the enemy of the good. Just as in business, when your busi-ness plan runs into challenges, you don’t scrap the whole plan; you make left and right adjustments along the way and keep moving forward toward your goals. Health care is too central to the lives of our constituents to be rebooted every few years in a partisan, haphazard manner. My specific amendment is consistent with this broader philosophy. One of the most popular and well-functioning provisions of the Affordable Care Act is a provision requiring certain health in-surance plans to allow young adults to stay on their parents’ health insurance plans until the age of 26. This provision has been particularly beneficial for my district in central Florida, which has one of the lowest median ages of any congressional district in the Sunshine State and which is home to the Univer-sity of Central Florida—the Nation’s second largest university, with over 63,000 enrolled students. Prior to the Affordable Care Act, too many young adults in central Florida and around the country were uninsured either because they were not employed or because they were employed at jobs that did not provide affordable cov-erage or any coverage at all. If these young men and women were to become sick or get injured, the resulting med-ical bills could bankrupt them or their families. The Affordable Care Act sought to mitigate this risk, and the evidence indicates that it has done so successfully; and the American people have said, overwhelmingly, that they want to keep this popular provision. Accordingly, my amendment would establish an exception to the REINS Act. It would ensure that any Federal regulation that executes or enforces the Affordable Care Act provision ena-bling young adults up to age 26 to ob-tain health insurance coverage through their parents’ plans will not be an-nulled by Congress. By voting for my amendment, you will send a signal that you support this provision, which has benefited millions of our constituents whether they live in red States, blue States, or purple States. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recom-mit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. On the floor of this House in 2011, the President of the United States prom-ised the American people ‘‘to reduce barriers to growth and investment . . . when we find rules that put an unnec-essary burden on businesses, we will fix them.’’ But, Mr. Speaker, those were just President Obama’s words. His actions were starkly different. Throughout the entire 8 years of the Obama adminis-tration, a flood of new, major regula-tions has been burying America’s job creators and households at record lev-els; and to make matters worse, when Congress declined to legislate the President’s misguided policies for him, he increasingly resorted to unilateral regulatory actions to legislate by exec-utive fiat. It is time to say, ‘‘Never again.’’ The REINS Act, in one fell swoop, puts a stop to abuses like President Obama’s and assures that Congress—the body to which the Constitution assigns the power to legislate—has the necessary tools to block the most overreaching 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.060 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H173 January 5, 2017 
regulations and mandates on the Amer-ican people. This motion to recommit seeks only to distract from the urgent need to re-form our regulatory system and reduce unnecessary burdens on the public. When health care reform regulations are adopted, they should be adopted with the approval of this body. I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, reject this motion to recom-mit, and show America that Congress can act for the good of job creators and all Americans who desperately want and need jobs. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the passage of the bill, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 235, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 22] AYES—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
Becerra Collins (NY) Gallego Jenkins (KS) Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rush 
b2005 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 237, noes 187, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 23] AYES—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.133 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH174 January 5, 2017 
Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Becerra Collins (NY) Gallego Jenkins (KS) Mulvaney Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rush Wilson (FL) 
b2011 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I was absent on rollcall votes 12 through 23 on the evening of January 5, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 12, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 13, ‘‘nay’’ on roll-call No. 14, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 15, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 16, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 17, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 18, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 19, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 20, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 21, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 22, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 23. f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW AND ADJOURNMENT FROM FRI-DAY, JANUARY 6, 2017, TO MON-DAY, JANUARY 9, 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at noon tomorrow, and further when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet on Monday, January 9, 2017, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. 
f 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 25 Resolved, That the following named Mem-ber be and is hereby elected to the following standing committee of the House of Rep-resentatives: (1) C
OMMITTEE ON ETHICS .—Ms. Sa´nchez. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b2015 PERVERSE TORTURE PER-PETRATED BY HEARTLESS YOUNG ADULTS (Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today, four people were charged with a violent crime after a Facebook showed 30 minutes of horror. The criminal charges barely scratch the surface in describing the terror ex-perienced by an 18-year-old boy who suffers from mental disabilities. He was forced for 5 hours to cower in a corner scared, stunned, and powerless by people he thought were his friends. His mouth was duct taped shut. His hands and feet were tied. They cut his clothes, his hair, and scalp with a knife. He was burned, punched, and beaten. He was humiliated and berated. This was not just bullying, this was violent, perverse torture perpetrated by heartless young adults. His psycho-logical trauma will haunt him for years. He is not alone because children with disabilities are four times more likely to be assaulted than the general popu-lation. We enacted major mental health re-forms just a few weeks ago. Unfortu-nately, we cannot litigate compassion, mandate morality, nor legislate com-mon decency for perpetrators who have no sense of shame. But today, as a Na-tion, we should all be ashamed and re-commit to teach our children there is never any excuse to harm a disabled person. Never. I pray for the victim and his family. f 
IMPACT OF ACA REPEAL ON MOMS AND BABIES (Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, as co-chair of the Maternity Care Cau-cus, I rise on behalf of mothers and ba-bies who will suffer if Republicans re-peal the Affordable Care Act. It is undisputable that, with prenatal care, babies are born healthier. Before the ACA, approximately 10 percent of childbearing women had no health in-surance, and the plans of 60 percent of all insured women had no maternity coverage. With ObamaCare’s Medicaid expan-sion and insurance subsidies, more than half of these women who were un-insured became eligible for maternity care. In addition, the ACA also requires health plans to cover maternity care and preexisting conditions. All of this will be lost with ACA repeal. Women will also lose coverage for lactation counseling and the cost of breast pumps, a known barrier to suc-cessful breastfeeding which is one of the most effective ways to protect the health of babies. I urge my Republican colleagues to consider the negative impacts repeal-ing ObamaCare will have on our Na-tion’s mothers and babies. We must protect the future health of our chil-dren by ensuring all moms have access to maternity care and breastfeeding support. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ACHIEVEMENTS OF LEROY BALDWIN (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and achievements of Leroy Baldwin. A true American original, Leroy Baldwin was born and raised in Ocala, Florida, on December 15, 1932. Not coming from a family with a rich ag background, Mr. Baldwin bought his first calf when he was 6 years of age from the money he earned delivering newspapers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Apr 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\JANUARY\H05JA7.REC H05JA7bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H175 January 5, 2017 
Mr. Baldwin served honorably in the U.S. Army from 1952 to 1955 during the Korean war. After the war, he pursued his lifelong project, the Baldwin Angus Ranch. Starting with 40 acres, the ranch now spans 620 acres and has taken the Florida Angus breed all over the world. Mr. Baldwin thanked God each and every day for the blessings his family and business enjoyed. God, family, and country are the words he lived by, words vitally impor-tant to our Nation today. We have lost a true giant. Mr. Baldwin, may God bless you, your family, and thank you for what you have done for Florida and our Na-tion’s agriculture. 
f 
PATHWAY OF DESTRUCTION (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, today, in the Senate, the other body, unfortunately, joined the pathway of destruction for most Americans and voted to repeal the Affordable Care Act. These are not my words, the path-way of destruction, but is evidence what will happen to millions and mil-lions of Americans. By repealing with-out a replacement, which does not exist, insurance will be taken away from 32 million working families. Now, some 4 million uninsured children will have no insurance. Let me be very clear that many of these individuals do not have college degrees. Many of them, the voters of those who now will take the rein of government. Healthcare premiums will increase by 50 percent for millions of Americans. Hundreds of billions of dol-lars will go to tax breaks for insurance companies while eliminating the tax credits and subsidies for millions of working families. It will take healthcare coverage away from millions of low- and mod-erate-income Americans by cutting Medicaid, and it will close rural hos-pitals and public hospitals that provide the lifeline for many Americans. It will cut off Federal funds for health care for women through Planned Parenthood. And yes, it will eliminate and have cuts in Medicare and Medicaid. Mr. Speaker, this is a pathway of dis-aster. We should not repeal the Afford-able Care Act. 
f 
STEMMING AVALANCHE OF REGULATIONS (Mr. MITCHELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I am proud that, in my first week as a Rep-resentative of Michigan’s 10th Congres-sional District, we have passed two im-portant pieces of legislation to stem the avalanche of Federal regulations. The top concern I hear from employ-ers of all sizes across my district is that regulation from Washington is making it harder for them to do busi-ness. I spent my career in business, so I have firsthand knowledge of the dam-age caused by excessive Federal regula-tions. The Midnight Rules Act and the REINS Act will provide much-needed regulatory relief to families and busi-nesses alike. Both pieces of legislation will make unelected bureaucrats ac-countable to Congress. The American Dream is achievable, and, as the son of a General Motors line worker, my life is proof of it. But that dream is only possible when we give Americans the freedom they need to be successful and unleash their capa-bilities in our economy. f 
TRAVEL TO CUBA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to talk about a bill that J
IMMCGOVERN of Massachusetts and I have that we will be offering tomorrow. I think it is an important bill from the standpoint of advancing and perpet-uating this American notion called freedom. It is a bill that had 130 spon-sors in the last Congress. I am joined on the bill by T
OMEMMER and Mr. P OE and Mr. A
MASH as original cosponsors as we drop the bill tomorrow. It is quite simply entitled the Freedom to Travel to Cuba bill. It does what the name suggests, to lift the current re-strictions in encumbering Americans’ ability to travel to Cuba. Why is that important? I think it is important for a number of different reasons, first of which is tied to the basic, fundamental notion of American liberty. American liberty is built of many different things. The Supreme Court has actually deter-mined that as real as what you choose to wear, what you choose to eat, or what you choose to read is this basic, fundamental right to travel. In the American system, we can trav-el as we see fit. I can go here, I can go there. I am going to visit my grand-mother in Des Moines, my cousin in Chicago. We choose without govern-ment control and without government edict where we come and where we go. It is a far cry from what we saw in the former Soviet Union where you had to have your papers to determine where you could travel. I have a map of the globe here. Did you know that you or I could travel to any country on this globe except one? You or I could travel to North Korea. You or I could travel to Syria. You or I could travel to Iran. You or I could travel to Iraq. It may not work out well for you, it may not be the best of trips, but you or I could travel without government prohibition to any spot on this globe except one, and that one is Cuba. That may have made sense in 1960. For security reasons in the time of the cold war, it may have made sense to have that prohibition in place. But the question is: Does it make sense today? I don’t think it does for a whole vari-ety of reasons. One, this is about the basic, funda-mental American right of travel as we see fit, not as government sees fit. Two, this is about the American lib-erty and this fragile notion of, if we don’t protect it, government tends to grow. Jefferson talked about this theme a long time ago. He talked about the normal course of things for govern-ment to gain ground and for govern-ment to yield. So if we don’t push back—and this is what the REINS Act was all about—if we don’t push back about the government edict or laws that have outgrown their usefulness, what we are doing is we are allowing government to encroach on this fragile notion of liberty. Fundamental to the notion of com-mon sense is, if you tried something for 50 years and it has not worked, may we not try something different? I was here in the 1990s. I signed onto Helms-Bur-ton. But it didn’t work, and so we asked: Why not try something dif-ferent? What Ronald Reagan proposed at the time of the Iron Curtain was for Ameri-cans, kids with backpacks, to travel on the other side of that curtain. That personal diplomacy, that one-on-one diplomacy, would be key in bringing down that wall. That was the notion of engagement. So I think this is about saying Amer-ican policy has been the excuse that the Castros have used for 50 years. We have almost the longest-serving dicta-torship in the history of globe there with the Castro brothers. What was of-tentimes the case is they would blame the blockade, the embargo, Americans’ inability to travel, whatever was going wrong with the country rather than simply addressing the real issue. The problem was communism and the way that it encumbers people and their hopes and their dreams. We gave them an excuse. So this is about pulling back the excuse and trying something dif-ferent. It is about pushing back on a regulation that has not served its pur-pose. Three, this is about engaging because that is part and parcel to American lib-erty. You know, I don’t like some of the things that are going on in Russia. I don’t like some of the things that are going on in China. I don’t like some of the things that are going on in Viet-nam. You can pick your country. But what we have chosen, as an American policy, is this notion of engagement, that we ultimately are going to be able to solve more by engaging with other countries. Again, that is why Ronald Reagan embraced it with countries of the former Soviet Union in helping to bring down that wall. So this is about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.140 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH176 January 5, 2017 
perpetuating the notion of engagement and government regulation. We have just passed the REINS Act, which is all about saying if something isn’t making sense, let’s peel it back. Let’s not have the fourth branch of government going out and perpet-uating all kinds of regulations without them going through Congress. Yet, with regard to travel to Cuba, you have to sign an affidavit as to why you are going there. You have to keep receipts for up to 5 years proving where you did or didn’t spend money. If you fill out a form wrong, you can be subject to a $250,000 fine. Is that kind of regulation consistent with free travel that we all should enjoy as Americans? Finally, I think that this bill is about bringing about change to Cuba. My interest is not primarily about Cuba. My interest is about American liberty and the need to perpetuate American liberty. But one of the offshoots, one of the benefits is about bringing change to Cuba. Even the worst detractor of the bill, we are all about the same thing, which is bringing more freedom to that country and the 11 million people that make up that country. I think that allowing Americans to go there and to tell folks about what you are hearing from your state-run radio station or television station is not the truth, here is what is really going on. It is part and parcel to bring-ing about a change in Cuba. It is part and parcel to eliminating the excuses that have been used by the communist regime there. It is continuing the theme of engagement that we have em-ployed for more than 100 years. And most all, it is part and parcel to main-tain this fragile notion of American liberty which always needs to be protected. b2030 If something has encroached upon American liberty, it is not about a tan-gible result in the here and the now. It needs to be pushed back. So, fundamen-tally, this bill is about those five dif-ferent things. It is for that reason I would ask that viewers talk to their House or Senate Member and ask them to sign on to this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ISRAEL AND THE UNITED NATIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, today we took up what was intended to be a very noble action on H. Res. 11 to rein in the out-of-control and outrageous actions of so many despots that occupy positions of authority in the United Nations. The United Nations, whether you go back to Libya being in charge of human rights, you have U.N. troops molesting so many females. There are all kinds of problems that have been wrought, and yet the U.N. has the gall to continually show how bigoted it is and how anti-Jewish and anti-Israeli that it is. It is easy to find, if anyone bothers to check, that the United Nations never asked once for any other country to pony up land, much less demand that other countries like Jordan, who is a good friend of the United States, but the U.N. never said: Look, you are occupying this land that they call Pal-estine, so you have to give it up. They never did until it was controlled by the Israeli people, thus making clear this is really a bigoted move by the U.N. to constantly slander and slam the nation of Israel. Also, if one wants to conduct another test to check to see how bigoted, if it is, the U.N. is, you could check on the condemnations by the U.N. for activi-ties of Israel. Compare the facts of those activities and self-defense efforts by Israel and compare them to acts of other nations—the genocide, for exam-ple, that even Secretary Kerry, as tough as it was for him to finally admit that there was a genocide of Christians going on in the Middle East. Is there any outrage by the U.N.? No. In fact, the U.N. head of the refugees who is now the U.N. General Secretary made clear about over a year and a half ago or so that the reason that they weren’t helping Christians to the ex-tent that they were helping Muslim refugees is because of the historic im-portance Christians have in staying where they were—that means where they are being murdered, where they are having their throats slashed, being crucified, tortured, raped, incinerated. The U.N. General Secretary, when he was in charge of the refugee program, thought it was very important to leave Christians in the Middle East so they can be murdered in some of the most heinous and egregious fashions imag-inable. So it was just and proper, to borrow from history, that we condemn the United Nations Resolution 2334 as being an obstacle to peace in Israel. Palestinians have made clear they don’t want peace with Israel. They want it eliminated from the map. They name holidays, squares, and all kinds of things for people who go out and kill innocent Jewish children and others just for being Jewish. They reward the families of those who go and blow themselves up, killing, in atrocious fashions, innocent Israeli people. The United Nations turns a blind eye to it since the U.N. has become so racist, so bigoted, and so anti-Israel, the most antiterrorist country in all of the Mid-dle East, including north Africa—al-though Egypt is of great help in that regard these days, and there are those in Libya who would like to. But after President Obama helped turn Libya into absolute anarchy and chaos, then Egypt is having their problems even coming from Libya. What has the U.N. had to say about all that? Not really anything because if the Muslim Brotherhood supports it, so does, basically, the U.N., and far too often so has the Obama administration. That is why, I guess, Israel got the lecture from Secretary John Kerry. Secretary Kerry, even in the days when he talked about the heinous acts of Genghis Khan, never bothered to men-tion the plight of the poor Palestinians before 1967 when they were under con-trol of the most non-Israeli people you could imagine. There has been no dis-cussion about that, only leveling really bigoted allegations at Israel. So we have H. Res. 11 today, and I was thrilled because it meant that I was going to be able to come to the floor and vote to condemn the U.N. passage of U.N. Security Council Reso-lution 2334. Unfortunately, as some of my friends here in Congress have pointed out, I am a bit anal at times. I actually want to read the things that we are going to vote on. So I got my copy of H. Res. 11, immediately noting that, in the very first whereas, it says the United States has long supported a two-state solu-tion. It does say ‘‘sustainable two-state solution.’’ It says: ‘‘Whereas since 1993, the United States has facilitated di-rect, bilateral negotiations between both parties toward achieving a two- state solution . . . .’’ Well, it is the truth that President Clinton twisted the arm of the Israeli Prime Minister and convinced him to basically give Arafat almost every-thing he wanted. Now, if you believe what Scripture says about Moses going and pleading to Pharaoh to let the Jewish people, the children of Israel, go, we are told that God hardens Phar-aoh’s heart so that He could make a big demonstration of His power and glory down the road. Although there was suffering that came—great suf-fering—ultimately, incredible miracles were performed as a result of his hard-ened heart. I think it is likely that when Arafat got everything he wanted—almost ev-erything he wanted—in the offer from Israel, I thank God that Arafat turned him down. For anybody that has been in the military and goes to Israel, you can see readily, if Arafat had accepted what the Prime Minister of Israel had been willing, finally, to offer, it would have virtually made Israel indefensible unless they were using nuclear weap-ons or the threat of nuclear weapons. Israel needs to be able to defend itself. King David was ruling from He-bron in the year around 1020 B.C. to around 1012 B.C. Then he moved, and he was ruling over Israel. What is now called the West Bank was actually called Israel—I mean, it was part of the nation of Israel. Solomon had control, but he did so from the City of David be-cause that is where, up to Jerusalem, that David had moved the capital from Hebron, which is also where Abraham and Sarah are buried. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.142 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H177 January 5, 2017 
I have also visited the tomb of Da-vid’s father, Jesse, that is there in He-bron. To be told: Oh, no, this needs to be Palestinian lands. The reason some of us think that Hebron, Judea, and Sa-maria should be Palestinian lands is because 1,600 years after David ruled from Hebron and then Jerusalem, Mo-hammed came along. Some say it was a vision, some say a dream. Some say he actually, during one night, was taken by a winged horse or donkey and flown to Jerusalem. Some say he actually got there and back to bed before morning. Whatever the case, 1,600 years before that did or didn’t happen, David was ruling over that whole country. There is no one alive today descended from any occupants of the Promised Land, the land of Israel, descended from people who lived in that land pre-dating King David and King Saul be-fore him, King Solomon after him—no-body. Nobody alive today has a prior claim. There is nobody, no country, from whom the United Nations has de-manded a secession of land back to peo-ple that attacked that country and the land was taken back in a defensive mode in protection from the attack. So at page 3 of our H. Res. 11, it points out that the U.N. resolution is a major obstacle to the achievement of the two-state solution. At the bottom of page 5, it says: ‘‘A durable and sus-tainable peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians will come only through direct bilateral negotia-tions between the parties resulting in a Jewish, democratic state living side- by-side next to a demilitarized Pales-tinian state in peace and security.’’ Mr. Speaker, there cannot be peace and security in the Middle East when a people are allowed to occupy an area, and those people continue, with the en-couragement of the United Nations, with John Kerry and this President, to conduct intensive terrorism on the peo-ple of Israel and we continue to con-demn the victims of that terrorism. You can’t have peace in a land where the most powerful nation—possibly the most powerful nation up to now. We were at one time. Our Navy is down, I think, to pre-World War I standards, and our troops are down below pre- World War II. But at one time, we were the most powerful nation. The most powerful or near most powerful nation is taking up for the victims and en-couraging that the victims give away more of the land that they have al-ready given so much of to those who are inflicting terror upon them. It is like my friends on the far left, con-stantly complaining about bullies, who never had been bullied like I was as a small child because I was very small in elementary school. b2045 I got beat up a lot, and I defended myself, but it didn’t matter. When peo-ple are coming after you that are a foot and a half taller than you are and they flunked two grades, you are not going to come out well. My fifth grade teacher, after I got beat up trying to get back my football I got for Christmas, took me up in front of the class. My nose is still bleeding, dripping down my shirt. She said: I want everybody to see what hap-pens when the little boys try to play with the big boys. She always took up for the bullies. And that is what this administration has been doing and this is what this United Nations has been doing: taking up for the terrorist bullies. I am amazed that the nation of Israel has held back all hell breaking loose on the Gaza Strip because of the contin-ued assaults day after day, sending rockets into Israel, Israel spending millions of dollars to protect them-selves against the constant attack from the Gaza Strip. And what happens? They try to protect themselves with a legitimate blockade to make sure no-body is taking rockets in, and the U.N. and world opinion goes nuts over that. Page 6 of our resolution we voted on today goes on to say that the House of Representatives calls for United Na-tions Security Council 2334 to be re-pealed or fundamentally altered so that it is no longer one-sided and anti- Israel. Here is my problem again. B, it al-lows all final status issues toward a two-state solution be resolved and have direct negotiations between the par-ties. Nobody at the U.N., if we are a part of it, and nobody in the United States administration should even mention the little phrase ‘‘two-state solution.’’ This body should not even mention in a resolution that we are in any way en-dorsing a two-state solution. I know there are a lot of Christians that aren’t as familiar with the Bible, perhaps, as they will be one day, but my friend, Joel Rosenberg, pointed out numerous times in the book of Joel, chapter 3: 
For look. In those days and at that time I will return the exiles to Judah and Jeru-salem. Then I will gather all the nations. I will bring them down to the Valley of Je-hoshaphat. I will enter into judgment against them there concerning my people Israel, who are my inheritance, whom they scattered among the nations. 
Then it lists the number one griev-ance that the God of the Bible, the God I believe in, had against those nations he is going to rain down only hell judg-ment on. The number one grievance is: they partitioned my land. They divided my land, the promised land. When the United States Congress em-braces, demands that Israel be divided into separate states instead of being able to live in, peacefully, the land that was occupied and promised over 3,000 years ago, I think we are making a big mistake. That is why I had to vote ‘‘no’’ on the resolution. Now just as our leadership rushed this resolution to the floor, I am hope-ful they will rush H. Res. 311 to the floor. I filed it today, this afternoon. H. Res. 311 is very basic. It says: ‘‘To withhold United States assessed and voluntary contributions to the United Nations, and for other purposes. ‘‘Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assem-bled, ‘‘Section 1. Short title. ‘‘This Act may be cited as the ‘Refus-ing to Assist Paying for United Nations Actions Against Israel Act’’’. United States assessed involuntary contributions to the United Nations. That is section 2. And the operative wording says: ‘‘No funds are authorized to be appro-priated or otherwise made available for assessed or voluntary contributions of the United States to the United Na-tions or to any organ, specialized agen-cy, commission, treaty or treaty body, or other affiliated body of the United Nations . . . ‘’ It goes on: ‘‘ . . . until such time as United Nations Security Council Reso-lution 2334, regarding Israel’s Settle-ments in the West Bank and East Jeru-salem, is repealed in its entirety.’’ Then, section 3 says: ‘‘No funds are authorized to be appropriated or other-wise made available to pay interest on assessed or voluntary contributions that are withheld under this Act.’’ So the purpose of that is I am hoping and praying that this body will not just pay lip service to a U.N. resolution, and actually embrace, as John Kerry, apparently, was saying that day, not much difference between AIPAC’s posi-tion in supporting this resolution. He may not have mentioned they would support the resolution, but AIPAC’s po-sition and John Kerry’s position. If you look at what is in the resolution, he may have something there. This would actually put some teeth into it. This is something that would send a message to the United Nations and the nations around the world that if you are going to continue to be so anti-Israel, so bigoted, so racist, so anti-Jewish, then the United States is not going to continue to fund your out-rageous, bigoted activities, your lush, lavish lifestyle. I would think if we could pass this, the United Nations delayed in with-drawing that resolution or rescinding it, then that should ultimately lead to our denial of any visas to diplomats of the United Nations. Then, once that occurs, apparently under the deed to the United Nations, it was only for such time as the headquarters in New York—is the main headquarters of the United Nations. So if they can’t get diplomats there, they will have to move the headquarters elsewhere and that land would be ceded back to the foundation. Hopefully, if we will go ahead and do something that has teeth in it and not embrace language that will be fatal to this nation of Israel, we can make a difference. That can bring peace in the world. Terrorists only understand power, and sometimes power is con-veyed in the way of money. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.144 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH178 January 5, 2017 
We should not be funding a United Nations that is so bigoted and so hate-ful to the nation of Israel. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 54 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Fri-day, January 6, 2017, at noon. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
9. A letter from the Administrator, Agri-cultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment to the Egg Research and Promotion Rules and Regulations To Update Patents, Copyrights, Trademarks, and Information Provisions [Docket No.: AMS-LPS-15-0042] received January 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 10. A letter from the Under Secretary, Comptroller, Department of Defense, trans-mitting a report of multiple violations of the Antideficiency Act, Air Force case number 12-01, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1351; Public Law 97-258; (96 Stat. 926); to the Committee on Ap-propriations. 11. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s Fiscal Year 2016 annual Regional Defense Combating Terrorism Fellowship Program Report to Congress, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2249c(c); Pub-lic Law 108-136, Sec. 1221)a)(1); (117 Stat. 1651); to the Committee on Armed Services. 12. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Suspen-sion of Community Eligibility (Chambers and Harris Counties, TX, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA-2016-0002] [Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8461] received January 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 13. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP): Financial Assistance/Subsidy Arrangement [Docket ID: FEMA-2016-0012] (RIN:1660-AA86) received January 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 14. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Of-fice of Community Planning and Develop-ment, Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Modernizing HUD’s Consolidated Planning Process To Narrow the Digital Di-vide and Increase Resilience to Natural Haz-ards [Docket No.: FR 5891-F-02] (RIN: 2506- AC41) received January 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 15. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Of-fice of the Secretary, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Narrowing the Digital Divide Through Installation of Broadband Infrastructure in HUD-Funded New Construction and Substantial Rehabili-tation of Multifamily Rental Housing [Dock-et No.: FR 5890-F-02] (RIN: 2501-AD75) re-ceived January 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 16. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s National Health Service Corps Report to Congress for the Year 2015, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 254i; July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 336A (as amended by Public Law 107-251, Sec. 307(b)); (116 Stat. 1649); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 17. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Communications and Information, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting the De-partment’s Quarterly Report on the Transi-tion of the Stewardship of the Internet As-signed Numbers Authority Functions, cov-ering the activities from June 1, 2016 to Oc-tober 24, 2016, pursuant to the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016, Public Law 114-113; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 18. A letter from the Deputy Director, Health Resources and Services Administra-tion, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting the Department’s final rule — 340B Drug Pricing Program Ceiling Price and Manufacturer Civil Monetary Pen-alties Regulation (RIN: 0906-AA89) received January 4, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 19. A letter from the Chairman, Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board, transmitting the Board’s report titled ‘‘Report to the U.S. Congress and the Secretary of Energy; Board Activities for the Period January 1, 2013 — December 31, 2015’’, pursuant to the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 1987, Pub-lic Law 100-203; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 20. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Belarus that was de-clared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 21. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to North Korea that was declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 22. A letter from the Acting Assistant Sec-retary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Com-merce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Russian Sanctions: Addition of Cer-tain Entities to the Entity List, and Clari-fication of License Review Policy [Docket No.: 161206999-6999-01] (RIN: 0694-AH25) re-ceived January 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 23. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations: Revision of U.S. Muni-tions List Category XV [Public Notice: 9688] (RIN: 1400-AD33) received January 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 24. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — International Traffic in Arms Regulations: International Trade Data System, Reporting [Public Notice: 9811] (RIN: 1400-AE07) re-ceived January 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 25. A letter from the Legal Counsel, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, transmitting notification of a federal va-cancy, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 26. A letter from the Chairwoman, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Federal Trade Commission’s Inspector General Semi-annual Report to Congress for the period April 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 27. A letter from the Administrator, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Office of Inspector Gen-eral’s Semiannual Report to Congress cov-ering the period of April 1 through Sep-tember 30, 2016; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 28. A letter from the Principal Deputy As-sistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Alaska; Subsistence Collections [NPS-AKRO-22487; PPAKAKROZ5, PPMPRLE1Y.L00000] (RIN: 1024-AE28) re-ceived January 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 29. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting the An-nual Operating Plan for Colorado River Sys-tem Reservoirs for 2017, pursuant to 43 U.S.C. 1552(b); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 30. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of the General Coun-sel, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Inflation Adjust-ment of Civil Monetary Penalties (RIN: 1990- AA46) received December 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 31. A letter from the Director, Contract and Grant Policy Division, Office of Procure-ment, National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, transmitting the Administra-tion’s final rule — NASA Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Contractor Finan-cial Reporting of Property (2016-N024) (RIN: 2700-AE33) received January 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 32. A letter from the Administrator, Trans-portation Security Administration, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, transmitting the Administration’s certification that the level of screening services and protection provided at the Bozeman Yellowstone Inter-national Airport (BZN), Glacier Park Inter-national Airport (FCA), and Yellowstone Airport (WYS) in Montana will be equal to or greater than the level that would be provided at the airport by TSA Transportation Secu-rity Officers and that the screening company is owned and controlled by citizens of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA7.146 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H179 January 5, 2017 
United States, pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 44920(d)(1); Public Law 107-71, Sec. 108(a); (115 Stat. 613); to the Committee on Homeland Security. 33. A letter from the Chair, Board of Direc-tors, Office of Compliance, transmitting the Office’s report titled ‘‘Recommendations for Improvements to the Congressional Account-ability Act’’, pursuant to Sec. 102(b) of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995; jointly to the Committees on Education and the Workforce and House Administration. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. G OH-
MERT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. V ELA, Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. C
ARTER of Texas, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Mr. B UR-
GESS, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. H URD, Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. F
LORES , Mr. A RRINGTON , and Mr. O’R
OURKE ): H.R. 294. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Ekpanya Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. CALVERT (for himself, Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. N UNES , Mr. C RAWFORD , Ms. G
RANGER , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. K NIGHT , and Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER ): H.R. 295. A bill to provide for a limitation on the number of civilian employees at the Department of Defense, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 296. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude major profes-sional sports leagues from qualifying as tax- exempt organizations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 297. A bill to require greater account-ability in discretionary and direct spending programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 298. A bill to require additional enti-ties to be subject to the requirements of sec-tion 552 of title 5, United States Code (com-monly referred to as the Freedom of Infor-mation Act), and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. VALADAO (for himself, Mr. W
ALZ, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. R
OSS, and Mr. L OBIONDO ): H.R. 299. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa (for himself, Mr. B
ACON , Mr. B LUM, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. R OE of Tennessee, and Mr. G
OWDY ): H.R. 300. A bill to require U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement to take into custody certain aliens who have been charged in the United States with a crime that resulted in the death or serious bodily injury of another person, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. C
A´RDENAS ): H.R. 301. A bill to require the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology to es-tablish a premise plumbing research labora-tory, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. F LORES , Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. K INZINGER , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OO-
NEY of Florida, Mr. R OYCE of Cali-fornia, Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. R OEof Ten-nessee, Mrs. N
OEM, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. I SSA, and Mr. C
ONYERS ): H.R. 302. A bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a sec-ondary State; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 303. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit additional retired members of the Armed Forces who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for their disability and either retired pay by reason of their years of military service or combat-related special compensation; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUDSON (for himself, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. D UN-
CAN of South Carolina, Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. B
EUTLER , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. E
MMER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. R OEof Ten-nessee, and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 304. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ESHOO (for herself, Mrs. D
IN-
GELL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. T HOMP -
SON of California, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B
EYER , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. K IND, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. S OTO, and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER ): H.R. 305. A bill to amend the Ethics in Gov-ernment Act of 1978 to require the disclosure of certain tax returns by Presidents and cer-tain candidates for the office of the Presi-dent, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. ESHOO (for herself and Mr. KINZINGER ): H.R. 306. A bill to amend the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 to pro-mote energy efficiency via information and computing technologies, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 307. A bill to ensure that Members of Congress and Congressional staff receive health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs instead of under the Federal Health Benefits Program or health care exchanges; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DAVIDSON (for himself, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. B
RAT, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. A BRA-
HAM, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. B ARR, Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Penn-sylvania, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. T URNER , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi-nois, Mr. B
LUM, and Mrs. L OVE): H.R. 308. A bill to prevent proposed regula-tions relating to restrictions on liquidation of an interest with respect to estate, gift, and generation-skipping transfer taxes from taking effect; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-nessee, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. H ENSARLING , and Mr. A
LLEN ): H.R. 309. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective imple-mentation and coordination of clinical care for people with a complex metabolic or auto-immune disease, a disease resulting from in-sulin deficiency or insulin resistance, or complications caused by such a disease, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself and Mr. H
UFFMAN ): H.R. 310. A bill to withdraw certain land lo-cated in Curry County and Josephine Coun-ty, Oregon, from all forms of entry, appro-priation, or disposal under the public land laws, location, entry, and patent under the mining laws, and operation under the min-eral leasing and geothermal leasing laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 311. A bill to withhold United States assessed and voluntary contributions to the United Nations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Ms. B EUTLER , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. C RIST, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. I
SSA, Mr. D EFAZIO, and Ms. J AYAPAL ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L05JA7.000 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH180 January 5, 2017 
H.R. 312. A bill to authorize and strengthen the tsunami detection, forecast, warning, re-search, and mitigation program of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself and Mr. H
ENSARLING ): H.R. 313. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to establish a Social Secu-rity Surplus Protection Account in the Fed-eral Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund to hold the Social Security surplus, to provide for suspension of investment of amounts held in the Account until enact-ment of legislation providing for investment of the Trust Fund in investment vehicles other than obligations of the United States, and to establish a Social Security Invest-ment Commission to make recommendations for alternative forms of investment of the Social Security surplus in the Trust Fund; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself, Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. O
LSON , Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. H UDSON ): H.R. 314. A bill to repeal title I of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act and to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for cooperative governing of indi-vidual health insurance coverage offered in interstate commerce; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Ms. E
SHOO , and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD ): H.R. 315. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of mater-nity care health services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 316. A bill to protect investors in fu-tures contracts; to the Committee on Agri-culture. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 317. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to require that repur-chase-to-maturity transactions be treated as secured borrowings; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 318. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to require any person subject to accounting principles or standards under the securities laws to show all trans-actions of such person on the balance sheet of such person; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 319. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to reduce the limit on the amount of certain contributions which may be made to a candidate with re-spect to an election for Federal office; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 320. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to give members of the United States Capitol Police the option to delay mandatory retirement until age 60; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. COMSTOCK (for herself, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Ms. C LARK of Massa-chusetts, Ms. E
STY, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. T IP-
TON, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. J OYCE  of Ohio, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. H ILL, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. V ALADAO , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. R
OSKAM , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. B OST, Mr. E
MMER , Ms. B EUTLER , Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ): H.R. 321. A bill to inspire women to enter the aerospace field, including science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. By Mr. D
ESANTIS (for himself, Ms. F
OXX, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. B
LUM): H.R. 322. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for the termination of certain retirement benefits for Members of Congress, except the right to continue participating in the Thrift Savings Plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. R OEof Ten-nessee, Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. M
CKINLEY ): H.R. 323. A bill to amend the Black Lung Benefits Act to provide equity for certain el-igible survivors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 324. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide a higher Fed-eral matching rate for increased expendi-tures under Medicaid for mental and behav-ioral health services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 325. A bill to expand and enhance ex-isting adult day programs for younger people with neurological diseases or conditions (such as multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s dis-ease, traumatic brain injury, or other simi-lar diseases or conditions) to support and im-prove access to respite services for family caregivers who are taking care of such peo-ple, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 326. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to create a National Neuromyelitis Optica Consortium to provide grants and coordinate research with respect to the causes of, and risk factors associated with, neuromyelitis optica, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 327. A bill to provide for United States participation in the Inter-Parliamentary Union, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 328. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide the work oppor-tunity tax credit with respect to the hiring of veterans in the field of renewable energy; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 329. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit for expenses for household and elder care serv-ices necessary for gainful employment; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 330. A bill to prohibit monetary pay-ments by the Federal Government to em-ployees, officers, and elected officials of for-eign countries for purposes of bribery, coer-cion, or any activity that is illegal or under-mines the rule of law or corrupts a public of-ficer or the office such officer represents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and in addi-tion to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. LEE (for herself and Mr. BLU-
MENAUER ): H.R. 331. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act so as to exempt real property from civil forfeiture due to medical mari-juana-related conduct that is authorized by State law; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. M
CCOL-
LUM, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R USH, and Ms. M
OORE ): H.R. 332. A bill to provide for the issuance of the Peace Corps Semipostal Stamp; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Georgia: H.R. 333. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit retired members of the Armed Forces who have a service-con-nected disability rated less than 50 percent to receive concurrent payment of both re-tired pay and veterans’ disability compensa-tion, to extend eligibility for concurrent re-ceipt to chapter 61 disability retirees with less than 20 years of service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. S
ERRANO ): H.R. 334. A bill to direct the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to provide assistance for individuals af-fected by exposure to Agent Orange, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce, and For-eign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 335. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide parity among States in the timing of the application of higher Federal Medicaid matching rates for the ACA-expansion population; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L05JA7.100 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H181 January 5, 2017 
By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , and Mr. B EYER ): H.R. 336. A bill to provide transit benefits to Federal employees who use the services of digital transportation companies within the national capital region, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 337. A bill to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSH (for himself and Mr. H
UD-
SON): H.R. 338. A bill to promote a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 339. A bill to amend Public Law 94-241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Is-lands; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 340. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for qualified manufacturing facility con-struction costs and to allow a credit against tax for qualified manufacturing facility con-struction costs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 341. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the deduction for start-up expenditures for business for 2017 and 2018; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SINEMA (for herself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. R
UIZ, and Mr. S ANFORD ): H.R. 342. A bill to repeal the provision of law that provides automatic pay adjust-ments for Members of Congress; to the Com-mittee on House Administration, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 343. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to estab-lish a program enabling communities to bet-ter leverage resources to address health, eco-nomic development, and conservation con-cerns through needed investments in parks, recreational areas, facilities, and programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Work-force, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 344. A bill to amend the Forest Legacy Program of the Cooperative Forestry Assist-ance Act of 1978 to authorize States to allow certain entities to acquire, hold, and manage conservation easements under the program; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. TROTT: H.R. 345. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the President, the Vice President, Members of Congress, and other officers of the executive branch from lobbying on behalf of countries designated as countries of particular concern for religious freedom for 10 years after leaving office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TROTT: H.R. 346. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to establish a uniform 5-year post-employment ban on lobbying by former Members of Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-self, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. P
ERRY ): H.R. 347. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to provide for require-ments relating to documentation for major acquisition programs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 348. A bill to more accurately identify and transfer subsurface gravel sources origi-nally intended to be made available to the Ukpeagvik Inupiat Corporation in exchange for its relinquishment of related property rights; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. COHEN (for himself and Mr. C
OOPER ): H.J. Res. 19. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to abolish the electoral col-lege and to provide for the direct election of the President and Vice President of the United States; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. DUFFY: H.J. Res. 20. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of con-secutive terms that a Member of Congress may serve; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Ms. LEE: H. Con. Res. 6. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the United States should provide, on an annual basis, an amount equal to at least one per-cent of United States gross domestic product for nonmilitary foreign assistance programs; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. ROSS (for himself, Ms. K
APTUR , and Mr. H
ARRIS ): H. Con. Res. 7. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Joint Committee on the Library to accept a statue commemorating the Hun-garian Revolution of 1956 for placement in the United States Capitol, authorizing the use of the rotunda of the Capitol for a cere-mony for the presentation of the statue, and directing the Architect of the Capitol to place the statue in a suitable permanent lo-cation in the Capitol; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina (for himself, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. M ICHAEL  F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. K IND, Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. S IRES, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Ms. B ASS, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S
UOZZI , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mrs. L
OWEY , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. B ERA, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. E
STY, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. H IMES, Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. S
COTT of Virginia): H. Res. 23. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives and re-affirming long-standing United States policy in support of a negotiated two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H. Res. 24. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Federal Government should not bail out State and local government employee pen-sion plans or other plans that provide post- employment benefits to State and local gov-ernment retirees; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. CROWLEY: H. Res. 25. A resolution electing a Member to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia (for himself, Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia): H. Res. 26. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act that restored the origi-nal black lung benefits eligibility require-ments should not be reduced but should be preserved and protected; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H. Res. 27. A resolution rejecting the ‘‘two- state solution’’ as the United States’ diplo-matic policy objective and calls for the Ad-ministration to advocate for a new approach that prioritizes the State of Israel’s sov-ereignty, security, and borders; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for her-self, Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, and Mr. K ING of New York): H. Res. 28. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Postal Service should take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L05JA7.100 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH182 January 5, 2017 
all appropriate measures to ensure the con-tinuation of door delivery for all business and residential customers; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. LIPINSKI introduced a bill (H.R. 349) for the relief of Corina de Chalup Turcinovic; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 294. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 295. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is Section 8 of Arti-cle I of the Constitution, specifically Clauses 1 (relating to providing for the general wel-fare of the United States) and 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) of such section. OR The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 296. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 297. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 298. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1; Article 1, Section 8, Clause 2; and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. VALADAO: H.R. 299. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 300. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 301. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . Article I; Section 8; Clause 18 of the Con-stitution states To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 302. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; To borrow Money on the credit of the United States; To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; To establish an uniform Rule of Natu-ralization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States; To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures; To provide for the Punishment of counter-feiting the Securities and current Coin of the United States; To establish Post Offices and post Roads; To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries; To constitute Tribunals inferior to the su-preme Court; To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and Offences against the Law of Nations; To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water; To raise and support Armies, but no Appro-priation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years; To provide and maintain a Navy; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress In-surrections and repel Invasions; To provide for organizing, arming, and dis-ciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline pre-scribed by Congress; To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not ex-ceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the Acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Govern-ment of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings;—And To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 303. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States. Article I, section 8 of the United State Constitution, which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to pro-vide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 304. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 305. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sections 4 and 8 of the Constitu-tion By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 306. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 and Article IV, Section 3 of the Constitution. By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 307. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 308. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1— ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises . . .’’ By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 309. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. D
EFAZIO: H.R. 310. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 311. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States . . .;’’ and Article I, Section 9, Clause 7: ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law.’’ By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 312. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 313. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 314. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 315. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L05JA7.100 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H183 January 5, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One, Section Eight, Clause Three ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 316. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ARTICLE 1, SECTION 8, CLAUSE 3 By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 317. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ARTICLE 1, SECTION 8, CLAUSE 3 By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 318. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ARTICLE 1, SECTION 8, CLAUSE 3 By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 319. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ARTICLE 1, SECTION 4, CLAUSE 1 By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 320. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ARTICLE 1, SECTION 8, CLAUSE 17 By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 321. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. D
ESANTIS: H.R. 322. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 6, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution: The Senators and Representa-tives shall receive a Compensation for their Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United States. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 323. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 324. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 8, Section—to provide for the gen-eral welfare and to regulate commerce among the states. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 325. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 326. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 327. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 328. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 329. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 330. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 331. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 332. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, which says that: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . to estab-lish post offices . . . and to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ By Mr. BISHOP of Georgia: H.R. 333. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Sect. 8, Clause 1: to provide for the common defense and general welfare. Art. I, Sect. 8, Clause 12: to raise and sup-port Armies. Art. I, Sect. 8, Clause 14: To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces. Art. I, Sect. 8, Clause 16: To provide for or-ganizing, arming, and discipling, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Au-thority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress. Art. I, Sect. 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United Statesm or in any Department or Officer thereof By Ms. LEE: H.R. 334. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, which says that: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . to declare war, grant letters of marque and repirsal, and make rules concerning captures on land and water . . . and to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof’’ By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 335. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 336. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 337. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2, relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all neeful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 338. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 339. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statement ins submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Under Arti-cle I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3 and 4 and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 340. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the Con-stitution By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 341. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the Con-stitution By Ms. SINEMA: H.R. 342. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article. I. Section. 6. By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 343. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article I, sectoin 8 of the Con-stitution. By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 344. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.028 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH184 January 5, 2017 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. TROTT: H.R. 345. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. TROTT: H.R. 346. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 347. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 348. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 & Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to reg-ulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the In-dian tribes’’ By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 349. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-stitution provides that Congress shall have power to ‘‘establish an uniform Rule of Natu-ralization.’’ The Supreme Court has long found that this provision of the Constitution grants Congress plenary power over immi-gration policy. As the Court found in Galvan v. Press, 347 U.S. 522, 531 (1954), ‘‘that the for-mulation of policies [pertaining to the entry of aliens and their right to remain here] is entrusted exclusively to Congress has be-come about as firmly imbedded in the legis-lative and judicial tissues of our body politic as any aspect of our government.’’ And, as the Court found in Kleindienst v. Mandel, 408 U.S. 753, 766 (1972) (quoting Boutilier v. INS, 387 U.S. 118, 123 (1967)), ‘‘[t]he Court without exception has sustained Congress’ ‘plenary power to make rules for the admission of aliens and to exclude those who possess those characteristics which Congress has for-bidden.’’’ By Mr. COHEN: H.J. Res. 19. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V By Mr. DUFFY: H.J. Res. 20. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V: ‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which in either Case, shall be valid to all In-tents and Purposes, as Part of this, Constitu-tion, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States or by Con-ventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suf-frage in the Senate.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 26: Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 38: Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. S HIM-
KUS, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. T AY-
LOR, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. B
EUTLER , Mr. B OST, Mr. G IBBS, Ms. C HE-
NEY, and Mr. C ULBERSON . H.R. 66: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 74: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER and Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 79: Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. B ARR, Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, Mr. S
CHNEIDER , and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 99: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi and Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 111: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 173: Mr. M
EEHAN and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 184: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota and Mr. C
AR´DENAS . H.R. 244: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , and Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 246: Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. F LORES , Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.J. Res. 11: Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. H
ARRIS . H. Res. 11: Mr. T
AYLOR , Mr. B UCK, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. R OUZER , Ms. B EUTLER , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. B
ARR, Mr. F LORES , Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. C ORREA , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. M AST, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. K ELLY of Penn- sylvania, Mrs. L
OVE, Ms. F OXX, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. K
INZINGER , and Mr. C RIST. H. Res. 14: Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana and Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
1. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Borough of Metuchen, County of Middlesex, State of NJ, relative to Resolution 2016-261, confirming for the record its support of H.R. 814 and urging the United States House of Representatives and U.S. Senate to enact this important legislation; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 2. Also, a petition of Electors of the City of Manitowoc, WI, relative to a resolution, sup-porting the passage of an amendment to the United States Constitution seeking to re-claim democracy from the expansion of cor-porate personhood rights and the corrupting influence of unregulated political contribu-tions and spending; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA7.033 H05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S73 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 2017 No. 3 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O Lord, as our lips are open in pray-er, so may our hearts be open to re-ceive Your Spirit. Help us to bow to Your will and live lives devoted to Your providential leading. Lord, bless our Senators in their work. Let faith, hope, and love abound in their lives. Help them to seek to heal the hurt in our Nation and world and to be forces for harmony and good-ness. Remind them that they will be judged by their fruits and that You re-quire them to be productive and faith-ful. May they seek to serve rather than be served, following Your example of humility and sacrifice. Open their minds and give them a vision of the un-limited possibilities available to those who trust You as their guide. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
OBAMACARE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, ObamaCare was sold to the American people with a lot of promises and a lot of fanfare—speech after speech, prom-ise after promise, splashy PR cam-paigns, quirky YouTube videos. But the American people never bought it, and the law never worked out the way it was promised. It opened up big problems and crashed computers on day one. Millions lost their health care plans and the doctors they were promised they could keep. Things only got worse from there. We have all got-ten the calls and the letters. We have all seen the pain in our constituents’ eyes. We all know how harmful this failed partisan experiment has been for those we represent. We also understand our united man-date to do something about it. The American people have hardly been subtle—hardly subtle—in their negative view of ObamaCare. That is borne out in the polling we have seen since the passage of this law 7 years ago. This past November, they again called out to Washington. Please help us, they said. Please get rid of this law that is hurting my family. About eight in 10 favor changing ObamaCare significantly or replacing it altogether. My message to the American people is this: We hear you. We hear you. We will act. It is my sincere hope that Democrats will include themselves in that ‘‘we.’’ I hope they will help us bring relief to the American people today and bet-ter health care solutions going for-ward. We want their ideas. We want their input. We value their contribu-tions in the construction of durable, lasting, and effective reforms. While I am not the kind of guy who believes history takes sides, I know some of our Democratic friends are, and by now, they must surely have con-cluded that the ObamaCare-or-nothing crowd cannot be anywhere but on the wrong side of history. There is no fu-ture with that crowd. These are the guys who say ObamaCare’s innumerable, well docu-mented, clearly apparent problems are just a case of bad PR. They tried to laugh them off, literally. They tried to blame Republicans, blame the media, blame the American people themselves. They have even taken to denying re-ality altogether. They say that ObamaCare has been ‘‘wonderful for America.’’ They call its implementation ‘‘fabulous.’’ Just be-fore the election, President Obama ac-tually said this: ‘‘The parade of horribles the Republicans have talked about haven’t happened.’’ He really said that. He went further: ‘‘None of what they’ve said has happened.’’ Really? So costs haven’t gone up, then? Premiums just skyrocketed by double-digit increases—as high as 50 percent in some places. Deductibles have risen 10 times faster than infla-tion and nearly 6 times faster than paychecks. So choice hasn’t gone down then? In-surers are fleeing the exchanges, with more than half the country poised to soon have no more than one or two in-surers to pick from. Americans are continuing to lose access to doctors and hospitals and health plans they like and were promised. Oh, they were promised they could keep those health care plans. ObamaCare supporters may not like it, but these are simply the realities of this partisan law. Now, you will notice they hardly talk about ObamaCare lowering costs or ex-panding choice anymore. They are down to just one or two talking points now, and even those are slipping away pretty fast. That is because, as Ameri-cans have unfortunately learned first-hand, having health insurance under ObamaCare is hardly the same thing as having health care. That is especially true for many who have been forced into Medicaid. Let’s just look at my home State as an example. Kentucky was once held up as a shining jewel of ObamaCare— well, no longer. ObamaCare predictably 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Jan 05, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA6.000 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES74 January 5, 2017 
has become a mess in Kentucky, just as it has across the Nation. That has proved a bit confounding to some of our friends over on the left. The technical rate of the insured ticked up, they say. So why are so many Kentuckians upset? Why are they upset? Well, when you force Ken-tuckians into ObamaCare plans that many of their doctors won’t accept, what did you think would happen? When you shoehorn folks with modest incomes into a plan with ever-growing premiums and deductibles so high they are afraid to get sick, what do you ex-pect? In fact, across the Nation, about 4 in 10 adults in ObamaCare aren’t even sure they will be able to afford care if they really need it. ObamaCare isn’t truly solving prob-lems or making our country healthier. It is a box-checking regime devoid of true compassion or empathy, a green- eyeshade exercise that misses some-thing important—the lives of real peo-ple. So ObamaCare is making things worse, and we now have a moral imper-ative to repeal and replace it—to bring relief to families now. I hope every Member of this body will consider their role in that process be-cause the pain Americans are experi-encing is deeply personal. The betrayal middle-class families are feeling is clearly palpable, and, unless we do something soon, Americans will con-tinue to lose their health plans. They will continue to get stuck with insur-ance that costs more and offers less. Costs will continue to rise unsustainably. Choices will continue to shrink uncontrollably. No amount of ObamaCare happy talk—no amount of it—or reality denial is going to change that. Some will just never accept the facts, though. They will say we need only to tinker around the edges of ObamaCare. Everything will be fine. Others will try to claim that the failure of ObamaCare is a mandate for even more ObamaCare. They will claim that the solution is actually to move to the kind of fully government-run single- payer system that already collapsed in one of the most leftwing States in the Nation—the same system that 80 per-cent of voters just rejected in Colorado. Others will say we need only to install a massive new ObamaCare 2.0 system— ObamaCare 2.0—one that is mostly gov-ernment-run. We heard a lot of this so-called ‘‘pub-lic option’’ talk when Democrats thought they were on track to take the Senate and the White House. It was never a serious solution—just another admission of ObamaCare’s failure. In the words of one of our Democratic col-leagues, it was a distraction as well. Of course, you can’t fix ObamaCare by pil-ing on more ObamaCare. Now, I am sure that won’t stop some from trying to convince us otherwise, but even amid the din, traces of reality continue to break through. Consider what the Clintons said dur-ing the election. Former President Clinton called ObamaCare ‘‘the craziest thing in the world.’’ That is Bill Clinton. Secretary Clinton said ‘‘lots of Amer-icans’’ have insurance ‘‘too expensive for them to actually use.’’ That was the Democratic candidate for President of the United States. The Democratic Governor of Min-nesota said that ‘‘the Affordable Care Act is no longer affordable for increas-ing numbers of people.’’ So reality is beginning to break through. Despite his ObamaCare pep rally yesterday, even the law’s name-sake hasn’t been immune to sporadic admissions of the obvious. President Obama recently admitted that ObamaCare has ‘‘real problems,’’ he has bemoaned the human impact of his law as ‘‘premium increases’’ and ‘‘lack of competition and choice,’’ and admit-ted that, 7 years after ObamaCare’s passage—this is President Barack Obama of ObamaCare—‘‘too many Americans still strain to pay for their physician visits and prescriptions, cover their deductibles, or pay their monthly insurance bills; struggle to navigate a complex, sometimes bewil-dering system, and remain uninsured.’’ That pretty well sums it up. It is an indictment as damning as anything any Republican has said. It is some-thing to keep in mind when you hear the predictable attacks from the far left. Now, look, we already know their central contention is that Republicans somehow want to go back to the way things were before ObamaCare, which everyone, of course, knows is not true. It is an argument that conveniently leaves out the fact that things are now worse for many than they were before ObamaCare. That is not all we can ex-pect to hear either. We will hear that repeal will cause insurers to flee the exchanges, which, by the way, news flash, is already happening. We will hear that repeal will plunge ObamaCare into a death spiral, which, they might have missed, is here al-ready and fast approaching terminal velocity—the death spiral—right now. We long warned that ObamaCare would eventually collapse under its own weight. That is exactly what is happening. Democrats chose to rip apart our health care system 7 years ago and give us the chaos we are see-ing, and things will only continue to get worse unless we act now. It is time to finally bring relief. The status quo is simply unsustainable. The reality is, that by any measure, ObamaCare has failed. It didn’t deliver on its core promises. It hurt more than it helped. Many are finding they can’t even use the insurance they now have. History will record ObamaCare as a failed partisan experiment, an attack on the American middle class, a lesson to future generations about how not to legislate. Let’s be clear. ObamaCare’s failure is the fault of ObamaCare and those who forced it on our country, not the American people, not the Repub-licans. We didn’t cause this problem, but we are now determined to provide relief. We are determined to live up to our promise to the American people and repeal this failed law. Starting today, we will begin repair-ing the damage by passing the legisla-tive tools necessary to repeal ObamaCare and begin to transition to more sensible health care solutions. We just laid down the ObamaCare repeal budget resolution this week. We will take it up soon, but repeal is only the first step. It clears the path for a re-placement that costs less and works better than what we have now. Once re-peal is enacted, there will be a stable transition period to a patient-centered health care system that gives Ameri-cans access to quality, affordable care. We plan to take on this challenge in manageable pieces, not with another 2,700-page bill. That was one of ObamaCare’s initial mistakes and one we do not intend to repeat. Some of our friends across the aisle have mused publicly about their role in this proc-ess. I hope they will work with us. We hardly need another tired slogan from Democratic colleagues—after all, how does that move us ahead—but we do want their ideas, and we do want to work together to improve our health care system. That is the best way for-ward. That is certainly the way I pre-fer. I hope our Democratic colleagues will join us in taking an important step forward soon by confirming T
OM P
RICE as HHS Secretary and Seema Verma as CMS Administrator. Some of you may remember the ‘‘redtape tower’’ we used to wheel around here. It represented the fact that while the ObamaCare bill may have run about 2,700 pages, its regulations run to tens of thousands of pages. That is what P
RICE and Verma can get to work on once confirmed, stabilizing the health care market and bringing relief. It isn’t going to be easy. It is going to take time. There will be bumps along the way, but we are going to do everything we can to heal the wounds of ObamaCare and move forward to-ward real care. We are going to move step-by-step. We want the widest pos-sible coalition working to achieve real solutions for the people who are hurt-ing and calling for our help. Let’s give them that help. Let’s give them some hope. Let’s leave ObamaCare in the past and work to-gether instead on reforms and out-comes we can all be proud of. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.001 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S75 January 5, 2017 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, I appreciate the remarks of my col-league the Republican leader. I under-stand the Republican leader’s discom-fort. There is a cry from his side to re-peal, but it has been 6 years and they have no plan to replace. Repeal with-out replace leaves 20 million Ameri-cans who have had health care in the lurch; leaves college students who are 21 to 26 and have been on their parents’ plan in the lurch; leaves women who are now getting equal health care treatment to men in the lurch; and leaves those who have families who have preexisting conditions, and now can get insurance but without ObamaCare couldn’t, in the lurch. I understand the Republican leader’s discomfort. Replace is not available be-cause they can’t come up with a plan. I appreciate his request to work with us. He has two choices. Our Republican colleagues have two choices: Either, once they repeal, come up with a re-placement plan, and we will give it a look—they haven’t been able to do it for 6 years; they are squirming right now because they don’t have one; they are leaving so many Americans who need health care in the lurch—or don’t repeal and come talk to us about how to make some improvements. We are willing to do that. I will note that yesterday the vote to repeal without replace was totally par-tisan. My colleagues decried that the vote originally for ACA was partisan. This is equally partisan, and it is going to create huge trouble for our col-leagues. Again, I will say to my Repub-lican colleagues, your job is not to name call but to come up with a re-placement plan that helps the people who need help—people who are now helped by the ACA but who will be left in the lurch once it is repealed. 
f 
CABINET NOMINATIONS Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I have another subject I wish to talk about, and maybe this one will be a little more constructive right now in terms of my Republican leader’s response be-cause he and I yesterday had a con-structive meeting on the matter of processing the President-elect’s nomi-nations to the Cabinet. We are still working out several details, but on this issue I want to express my appreciation for the majority leader’s willingness to have a dialogue and work in good faith toward a process both sides of the aisle can live with. Our caucus thinks it is absolutely es-sential that the Senate has a chance to appropriately vet the nominees, and the American people deserve to hear their views and qualifications in public hearings, especially for the most pow-erful Cabinet positions. We all know Cabinet officials have enormous power and influence over the lives of every-day Americans. They run massive gov-ernment agencies that do the actual work of implementing our laws, keep-ing our Nation safe from terrorism, protecting the environment and civil rights, promoting clean energy and af-fordable housing—on and on. Every facet of public life is governed by a very powerful Cabinet official. It is only right that we in the Sen-ate—and by extension the American people—get to thoroughly vet their baseline acceptability for these jobs. That means getting their financial records to make sure they don’t come into public office with standing con-flicts of interest, and if potential con-flicts of interest are found, making sure they have a plan to divest the as-sets in question, making sure the FBI has had the time to complete a full background check. It means making sure the independent ethics officers of each agency can sign off on them. All of these benchmarks are standard protocol. All were done by about this time 8 years ago by the Obama admin-istration. They are not onerous re-quirements. They are necessary re-quirements to prevent conflicts of in-terest. I remind my colleagues again, every Obama Cabinet nominee had an ethics agreement in before their hearing. Every Obama Cabinet nominee under-went a full FBI background check be-fore the Senate considered their nomi-nation. For such positions of influence in our government, it is the responsi-bility of the Senate to guarantee that we have all the information we need on each nominee and in a timely fashion. Truth be told, the slate of nomina-tions selected by President-Elect Trump has made this process—stand-ard for nominees of Presidents of both parties—immensely difficult. There are several nominees who have enormous wealth and own stock of enormous value. We have a CEO of one of the largest oil companies in the world, a billionaire financial services executive financier—oh, and another billionaire financial services executive. Leaving aside for a moment what that says about the President-elect’s priorities for his incoming administra-tion, these nominees have potential conflict of interest challenges of epic proportions. At the very least—at the very least—they owe the American people the standard paperwork, and in fact we believe many of these nomi-nees, given their financial holdings, should go one step further and provide their tax returns. The minority only has ethics agree-ments in for four of the nominees so far. We only have financial disclosure forms from four of the nominees so far. We only have tax returns for four of the nominees so far. None of our com-mittees has been notified that any nominees’ FBI background check has been fully completed. Briefings have started, but they are far from com-plete. As I said earlier, I hope the majority leader and I can work out an arrange-ment that works for both of our cau-cuses to process these nominees in a fair but thorough fashion. It certainly shouldn’t be the case, as seems to be planned now, that six hearings—several on very important nominees—all occur on the same day and on the same day as a potential vote-arama. That is mostly unprecedented in the modern era of Cabinet considerations, hap-pening only once in history. That is not the standard, but right now that is the case on January 11. There are Members who sit on mul-tiple committees. One of our Members chairs one of the committees, Judici-ary, but has been very active on the In-telligence Committee—both nominees in a single day. That is unfair, not only to her, with her great knowledge, but to the American people. Each member deserves plenty of time to question each nominee, and if questions remain, they should be brought back for a sec-ond day of hearings. After all, they are going to hold in-credibly powerful positions for poten-tially the next 4 years. To spend an extra day or two on each nominee, if it takes a few weeks, several weeks, to get through them all in order to care-fully consider their nominations, that is certainly worth it to the American people and, I would argue, to the new administration. I have made these points to the ma-jority leader, and I must say he has re-spectfully listened. I am hopeful we can find an agreement that alleviates the crunch and gives Senators and committees the opportunity to process these nominations with the proper care and oversight, with all of the proper paperwork in place, thoughtfully and thoroughly. I yield the floor. f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 3) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the pending business in the U.S. Senate is to set the stage procedurally so the Re-publican majority of 52 to 48 can repeal ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act. That is what we are about. That is the business of the day, the week, and probably the weeks to come. So we are addressing that issue and others re-lated to the budget. I would like to start by sharing a story that was told to me by a family who I represent, Richard and Mary Laidman, who live in Naperville, Illi-nois. They told me a story, and I will recount it to you. 
My 13-year-old son Sam was diagnosed with leukemia one day after the ‘‘no pre-ex-isting conditions exclusions for children’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Jan 05, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.002 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES76 January 5, 2017 
protection went into effect [under the Af-fordable Care Act.] The good news is that the form of leukemia has, so far, been effectively controlled by a magic-bullet drug. My son is currently a very robust young man and in otherwise good health (while the drug keeps him alive). The bad news is that the drug, as I understand it, costs [Blue Cross Blue Shield] about $10,000 a MONTH! Without even going into the issue of ‘‘Big Pharma’’ pricing— 
They wrote— 
this means that it would take about $6 mil-lion to get my son into his 60’s. Obviously we are feeling dependent on all the clauses of the [Affordable Care Act] right now—no pre- existing conditions exclusions, no caps on benefits, allowing Sam to stay on our health insurance plan till [he reaches] age 26. 
Mr. President, the bottom line ac-cording to the Laidman family of Naperville, IL, is that the Affordable Care Act is critical to their family’s health and financial survival. That is what this debate is about. It is not about talking about promises made in campaigns or slogans one way or the other. It is about families like the Laidman family in Naperville who un-derstand that were it not for the provi-sions in the Affordable Care Act, their son might not be here today or they may be penniless. That is what it was like in the old days. If you had a son with leukemia and wanted to buy a family health in-surance plan, good luck. If they would sell it to you, you probably couldn’t af-ford it. And secondly, many policies had limits on how much they would pay. Listen to what she tells us: $10,000 a month just for this drug that keeps her son alive. There were policies that had $100,000 limits on the amount they pay each year. Oh, they were affordable and cheap enough. What would the Laidman family have done if that is all they had to turn to? Sadly, we know thousands, perhaps millions, of families across America face that. That is why the Affordable Care Act made a difference. That is why it is inconceivable that the Repub-licans are coming to the floor, saying they want to repeal the Affordable Care Act without any replacement. They have had 6 years to come up with a better idea, 6 years to come up with a list of improvements, and they have failed and failed miserably. Why? Because it is hard. It is difficult. We found that when we wrote this law. Let me concede a point to the Repub-lican leader who was on the floor this morning. I am ready to sit down. I think other Democrats are as well. If you want to change and improve the Affordable Care Act to make sure that American families like the Laidmans of Naperville have a chance for these protections in a better situation, I want to be part of it, and I have wanted to be part of it for 6 years. But the Re-publican approach has been very sim-ple: All we will propose is repeal. We will not come up with an alternative. It is catching up with them this week in Washington. Have you noticed? Sen-ators on the Republican side of the aisle and even some House Republicans are saying publicly: You know, we real-ly ought to have a replacement. It is not fair for us to say to America: We’re going to repeal the only protec-tion you have. Trust us. Some day in the future we might come up with a better plan. The atmospherics have changed— maybe even changed with the Presi-dent-elect. Remember a few weeks ago when he said he thought that provision about the preexisting conditions was a good idea? Well, he is right, and so is the provision to make sure you don’t have limits under the policy, the provi-sion that allows the Laidmans to keep their son under their family health in-surance plan until he reaches the age of 26. Yesterday, Mrs. Kellyanne Conway, Senior Advisor to President-Elect Trump, was on a morning show, and she said: ‘‘We don’t want anyone who currently has insurance to not have in-surance.’’ That is a good statement. Then, when she was asked about whether the Republicans should come up with a replacement, she went on to say: ‘‘That would be the ideal situa-tion. Let’s see what happens prac-tically.’’ Well, I don’t know Mrs. Conway, but her observations square with what we feel on this side of the aisle, and more and more Republicans are starting to say publicly that it is irresponsible for us to repeal the Affordable Care Act without an alternative. It invites chaos. We know what is likely to occur. We know that if there is no re-placement that is as good or better, people are going to lose their health in-surance. Illinois’ uninsured rate has dropped by 49 percent since the Affordable Care Act was passed. A million residents in my State now have health insurance who didn’t have it before the Afford-able Care Act. Illinois seniors are sav-ing on average $1,000 a piece on their prescription drugs because we closed the doughnut hole in the Affordable Care Act, which the Republicans now want to repeal. More than 90,000 young people in Illinois have been able to stay on their parents’ health plan until age 26 under our current health care sys-tem, and 4.7 million Illinoisans, such as the Laidman family, no longer have an-nual or lifetime caps on benefits, and that protects them when there is a sick member of their family and they need it the most. Under our current health care system, 5.6 million Illinoisans with preexisting conditions no longer have to fear denial of coverage or high premiums. I am going to close with this brief reference. Remember the first thing President-Elect Trump did when he went to visit the State where they were going to keep 800 jobs and not transfer them overseas? He took jus-tifiable pride in the fact that he had jawboned the company into deciding to keep at least some of the jobs in the United States—800 jobs. That is good. America needs companies to make the decision to keep jobs here. We need all the good-paying jobs we can get, par-ticularly in manufacturing. But do you know what the repeal of the Affordable Care Act means to jobs in Illinois? Well, the Illinois Health and Hospital Care Association knows. They told us that it would have a devastating im-pact on hospitals in Illinois. That in-cludes many rural downstate hospitals, the major employers in their commu-nity. They estimate that we would lose between 84,000 and 95,000 jobs with the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. We could have a press conference for sav-ing 800 jobs at Carrier, but are they going to have a press conference and celebrate when they are killing 84,000 jobs in Illinois with the repeal of the Affordable Care Act? They shouldn’t. They should do the responsible thing. Let’s work together. Let’s make the Affordable Care Act better, more af-fordable. We can do it, but the notion of repealing it first and then promising to get around to a substitute later in-vites chaos. That is going to make America sick again. Mr. President, I yield. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, first I want to thank Senator D
URBIN for his comments about the policy of repeal-ing the Affordable Care Act and not knowing what comes next, the impact it is going to have on people from Illi-nois. I am going to talk about people in Maryland. I have received similar let-ters showing that people are going to be adversely impacted. I want to share with my colleagues the conversation I had with the sec-retary of health from Maryland. Mary-land has Governor Hogan, a Republican Governor, and his secretary of health met with me several weeks ago to ex-press his concerns about the impact on the people of my State of Maryland if the Affordable Care Act were repealed. What I heard from the secretary of health of Maryland was similar to what I heard from many of the health care stakeholders from the hospital associa-tion to physician groups, to health care advocates, to ordinary Marylanders who have contacted me about their concerns about what happens if we see a repeal of the Affordable Care Act. Let me just give you some examples of how the Affordable Care Act is work-ing in my State and, as Senator D
URBIN  indicated, in his State. The uninsured rate in Maryland has dropped from 12.9 percent to 6.6 percent. That is about a 50-percent drop in the uninsured rate. That benefits all Marylanders—all Marylanders. Yes, 400,000 Marylanders now have health coverage who didn’t have health coverage before, and for those 400,000, that is a big deal. That means they can see a doctor and get a physical examination. If they are ill, they can get treated and know there are doctors and hospitals that will want to take care of them because they have third-party reimbursement. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.004 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S77 January 5, 2017 
no longer have to show up in emer-gency rooms because that is the only place they could get to. They can now go to a doctor and get a physical exam-ination. Mr. President, it benefits more than just those 400,000 Marylanders, who, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, have health coverage. It affects all Marylanders because we no longer have the amount of cost shifting of those who have health insurance paying for those who don’t have health insurance because they use the system and don’t pay for it. That dislocation has been dramatically changed in my State. So all Marylanders are benefiting from having 400,000 Marylanders who now have health coverage, but it goes be-yond that. Many Marylanders who had health insurance didn’t have adequate health insurance. They had restrictions on preexisting conditions. They had caps on their policies. It didn’t cover preventive health care. They now have quality health coverage. All of that is at risk. All of that is at risk because of what we are talking about doing, if I understand correctly. Quite frankly, I am still trying to fig-ure out what the Republicans are doing to the Affordable Care Act, but if I un-derstand it, they are going to repeal it, and they are not going to tell us right now how they are going to replace it. So everything that is included in the Affordable Care Act is at risk. I will give you one more example of costs because I think this is an impor-tant point. Under the Affordable Care Act, if an insurance company wants to increase rates more than 10 percent, there are certain procedures they have to go through, certain public disclo-sures. We have a much more public process, but the number of claims of those who wanted to increase their policies by 10 percent have dropped from 75 percent before the Affordable Care Act to now 14 percent nationally. We have seen one of the lowest growth rates in health care costs in modern history. Yes, the Affordable Care Act has helped us do that. Why? Because individuals who had insurance now have coverage for preventive health care and are saving us money. Those who didn’t have health care coverage now have health care coverage, and they are seeing doctors, and they are saving us money because if they have a disease, it is being caught at an earlier stage, being treated in a more aggres-sive way, and they are saving more in-tensive health care costs. All that is benefiting the people of Maryland and our country. Senator D
URBIN mentioned several people in his State—a person in his State—and letters. I want to talk about people in Maryland whom I have talked to over the last several years about the impact of the Affordable Care Act and why they are so con-cerned about the policy now of repeal-ing the Affordable Care Act. I want to go back to 2007. That is a date that Marylanders know very well. I want to go back to a 12-year-old, Deamonte Driver. Deamonte Driver was a 12-year-old who lived about 10 miles from here. His mom tried to get him to a dentist, but he had no insur-ance coverage, and she couldn’t find a dentist. She couldn’t find a dentist who would take care of him. Deamonte Driver needed about $80 of oral health care. He had an abscessed tooth that needed to be removed. It would have cost $80, and he couldn’t find care in 2007 in the wealthiest country, in America. As a result, his tooth became abscessed and it went into his brain. He had thousands of dollars of health care costs, and he lost his life. As a result of that incident, I, along with other mem-bers of Congress, took up the cause of pediatric dental care to make sure every child in America has access to pediatric dental care. That is included in the Affordable Care Act as an essen-tial health benefit. Before the Affordable Care Act, very few health policies included pediatric dental; therefore, families were at risk as to whether they would actually use dental services because they did not have the money to pay for them. That was changed under the Affordable Care Act. That is at risk. That is at risk be-cause, if I understand what is being suggested here, we are going to repeal the Affordable Care Act and the essen-tial health benefits. We can’t allow any more tragedies like Deamonte Driver in America, and yet we will be putting our children at risk if we repeal the Af-fordable Care Act. There was another provision I worked very hard to get into the Af-fordable Care Act that I think is ex-tremely important. We now have a Na-tional Institute of Minority Health and Health Disparities at the National In-stitutes of Health. We have agencies that deal with minority health and health disparities in all of our health care agencies thanks to the Affordable Care Act. That means we are now ac-knowledging that historically we have not done right for minority health in America. We looked at a lot of the re-search dollars; they were not spent in areas that minorities were impacted by. We see that access to care in cer-tain communities is much more chal-lenging because of minority status. We are looking at these issues and taking action. The Institute sponsored a study in my home city of Baltimore. That study showed that depending on what ZIP Code you live in, your life expectancy could be as different as 30 years—a gen-eration. Just your ZIP Code. We are taking steps to change that in Balti-more thanks to the National Institutes and the Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities. Are the Repub-licans telling us that is not needed anymore, that we are going to repeal our efforts to look at minority health and health disparities? That is uncon-scionable. Yet, if I understand cor-rectly, that is the course we are going to follow. Mental health parity is another area we have talked about at great length here. We know we still have not reached that goal to make sure mental health receives the same attention as any other health need, but in the Af-fordable Care Act, we did amazing things to expand access to coverage for mental health and drug addiction. By expanding the Medicaid population, we have 1.6 million Americans who now have expanded coverage for mental health and substance abuse. We have had great discussions in this body. I am very proud of the Cures Act, where we expanded coverage for drug addiction. Now Republicans are talking about taking a major step backward by repealing Medicaid expansion that al-lows access to coverage for mental health and drug addiction. To me, that is something that is unthinkable. Yet we are moving on that path by the leg-islation that is before us. Let me share a letter I received from Lillian from Baltimore. In 2008 she lost her job. She has a history of abnormal mammograms. She could not get cov-erage. She could not get an insurance company to cover her because of the preexisting concerns. She wrote: The Affordable Care Act has worked. I have coverage. No preexisting conditions. No longer is being a woman considered a pre-existing condition in America. Are we now going to turn our backs on the women of America and allow these dis-criminatory practices that existed be-fore the Affordable Care Act to come back? I will tell you, I am going to fight to do everything I can to make sure that does not happen, and I would hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle feel the same. But you are march-ing down a path that puts women at risk, that puts Americans at risk. We know about the caps that were in the law before the Affordable Care Act. What do I mean by caps? That is the maximum amount your health insur-ance policy will pay you. Some 2.25 million Marylanders had caps on their policies before the Affordable Care Act—not just the 400,000 new people who have come into the system, 2.25 million Marylanders will be impacted if we eliminate the protection against arbitrary caps. The tragedy about caps is that when you really need coverage, that is when you are impacted. You get insurance to cover you. You discover you have can-cer. It is extremely expensive to treat cancer in an aggressive way. All of a sudden, you are in the middle of treat-ment and you reach your cap. What do you do? What do you do? There are real, live examples from before we passed the Affordable Care Act. We are going to go back to those days in the United States of America? That is what repealing the Affordable Care Act means for 2.25 million Marylanders who are being put at risk. Rebecca from Baltimore told me about her daughter Eva, who is 18 months of age and has severe con-genital heart defects and has gone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Jan 05, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.006 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES78 January 5, 2017 
through numerous operations. If caps are in place, she cannot get adequate care for her 18-month-old daughter. Those are real, live examples of people who are impacted by the Affordable Care Act. She also told me: Thank you for the 26-year-old provision where you can stay on your parent’s policy. At least she knows Eva will be able to stay on her policy until she is 26. I heard from Nichole, who is a 22- year-old student at Towson University. She could not get affordable health coverage and was able to stay on her parents’ policy. That is an important provision which is being repealed by the Affordable Care Act. I helped work on the provision in the Affordable Care Act that provides pre-ventive care coverage—immunizations, cancer screening, contraception, no cost sharing. That saves money. Pre-ventive health care saves money. It makes our health care system more cost-effective. That is why we decided to put a focus on preventive health care and expand it dramatically. Now, 2.95 million Marylanders benefit from the preventive health care require-ments of the Affordable Care Act that is included in every health policy. That will be repealed, if I understand cor-rectly what the Republicans are at-tempting to do on their repeal of the Affordable Care Act. We don’t have a replacement. We don’t know what it is going to look like. It is not easy to fig-ure out how to put the pieces back to-gether again. There is a provision in the Affordable Act that deals with prevention and public health funds and that provides dollars to deal with some of the real challenges we have out there—obesity, tobacco abuse. My State is getting funds so that we can deal with healthy eating that will not only provide a bet-ter quality of life for those who have weight issues but also lead to a more cost-effective health care system. That will be gone with the repeal of the Af-fordable Care Act. Let me talk for a moment about health centers because I know we made that a priority in the Affordable Care Act. Qualified health centers are cen-ters that are located in, in many cases, challenging communities where it is hard to get doctors and hospitals to lo-cate. We provide access to care for peo-ple who have limited means. The Af-fordable Care Act did two things that are extremely important in regard to health centers. First, it provided some significant new direct resources for those programs. Secondly, because they are in challenging neighborhoods, they have a much higher number of people who have no health coverage who go into these centers; therefore, their third-party reimbursement is much lower than other health centers that are located in better neighbor-hoods or more affluent neighborhoods. The Affordable Care Act has worked in expanding dramatically the capac-ities of these qualified health centers. We have 18 that are located in Mary-land. I could talk about all of them, but I have been to the Greater Baden Medical Services center several times. It is located in Prince George’s County. They also have a center in St. Mary’s County. I have been to them many times. I have seen their new facilities thanks to the Affordable Care Act. I have seen the building in which they provide mental health services and pe-diatric dental care and actually adult dental care also. They provide those services to the community thanks to the Affordable Care Act. They told me that in the very first year alone of the Affordable Care Act, they were able to reduce their uninsured rates by 20 per-cent, meaning they get a lot more money coming in and they can provide many more services. All of that will be gone if the Affordable Care Act is re-pealed. I can’t be silent about that. This center is providing incredible services. It is one thing to have third- party coverage; it is another thing to have access to care. We provided both in the Affordable Care Act. We are not going to go back. I heard Senator D
URBIN talk about Medicare. I just want to underscore this. This is not just about those under 65. It is about our seniors. It is about those on disability who are covered by Medicare. We heard about the doughnut hole. We all understood. We were getting nu-merous letters from people who fell into that doughnut hole. Guess what. Those letters are tailing off dramati-cally. Why? Because the Affordable Care Act closes the doughnut hole for prescription drug coverage. In my own State of Maryland, 80,000 Marylanders benefited in 2014 from the Affordable Care Act and better coverage for pre-scription drugs, amounting to $82 mil-lion, averaging over $1,000 per bene-ficiary benefit. Those over 65 have bet-ter coverage for prescription drugs. You repeal the Affordable Care Act, and all of a sudden seniors figure out they have to pay another thousand dol-lars a year for prescription drugs. In my State, they don’t have the money to do that. You are going to again hear about prescription drugs left on the counter at the pharmacy because of the repeal. Guess what. It even does more than that. The Affordable Care Act provided greater solvency for the Medicare sys-tem. I have heard my Republican col-leagues say: We are not going to do anything to hurt Medicare. Repealing the Affordable Care Act hurts Medi-care. It hurts the coverage and it hurts the solvency. I don’t want to be part of that. I would hope my colleagues don’t want to be part of that. Yet repealing the Affordable Care Act does that. Let me talk for a moment about af-fordability. It is one thing to have cov-erage; it is another thing whether you can afford that coverage. We heard all of these stories about the increased premiums, and we know, of course, that insurance premiums in America have gone up at a slower growth rate than they did before the Affordable Care Act. That is a fact. But we do hear about the individual market within the exchanges and how that has gone up by a significant amount, mainly because of the way it was originally rated. We have heard about that. But perhaps what many people don’t know is that in my State and around the Nation, 75 percent of the people who qualify for private health insurance within the ex-changes are eligible for credits. In other words, we are helping them with the affordability of their health care. In my State, that was $200 million a year to help Marylanders pay for health insurance. That will be gone with the repeal of this Affordable Care Act. That is wrong. I received many letters from small business owners. One of the proud parts of the Affordable Care Act is that it helped our small business owners. Why? If you ran a small business, you wanted health insurance for your em-ployees because you wanted to keep them well. You were discriminated against before the Affordable Care Act. You didn’t have a big pool. God forbid one of your employees gets really sick during the year; your insurance pre-mium goes through the roof. That is what was happening before the passage of the Affordable Care Act. Are we going to go back to the days where we tell small companies: You really can’t get health insurance because if some-one gets sick, you lose your policies ba-sically. That is what we are talking about. Annette of Bel Air, MD, wrote to me. She said she has saved significant money as a small business owner as a result of the Affordable Care Act. Tim from Laurel, MD, told me that in his small business, he saved $7,000 a year thanks to the Affordable Care Act. The reason is simple: You have broader pools, and you get the same type of rates larger companies get now. You will lose that with the repeal of the Af-fordable Care Act. Let me tell you about one of the tragedies of this that will happen im-mediately, affecting America’s com-petitiveness and entrepreneur spirit. We know that a lot of people who work for big companies have great ideas, and they want to start out on their own. I have seen that over and over again in the biotech industries of Maryland. I go down the 270 corridor, the 95 cor-ridor. I see small entrepreneurs who used to work for one of the giant de-fense contractors, and now they are pulling out and coming up with new ideas, doing things in a great way. That is what makes America a great nation. That is how we create jobs and how we deal with innovation. Here is the situation. You are a 30- something-year-old, ready to leave that company and go out on your own. Your spouse has cancer. What do you do? You are not going to be able to get coverage. You are locked into that job. That will be a consequence of the re-peal of the Affordable Care Act. We are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Jan 05, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.007 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S79 January 5, 2017 
dealing with real people and real peo-ple’s lives. It is irresponsible to repeal the Affordable Care Act and not tell that young entrepreneur what he or she can expect. That is what is at stake. There is one last point I want to talk about, and that is the Patients’ Bill of Rights. I helped draft the Patients’ Bill of Rights. It was not easy to pass the Patients’ Bill of Rights. We were able to get it in the Affordable Care Act. We were able to get in the right that—you go to an emergency room. Under a pru-dent layperson standard, you did the right thing. You find out you didn’t have that heart attack even though you had chest pains. Then you wake up the next morning and find out your in-surance company is not paying the bill because you didn’t have that heart at-tack. We changed that in the Afford-able Care Act. Are we going back, eliminating those protections, the right to appeal deci-sions or are we going to repeal that part of the Affordable Care Act? Are we going to go back to medical loss ratios, where insurance companies can make obscene profits and not rebate those excess profits to their policyholders when we have millions of people receiv-ing rebates today? All of that is gone with the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. Mr. President, I could go on and on, but I see my colleague Senator K
AINE is here and others who want to speak on this issue. Let me conclude with this. This is the wrong way to go about this. I heard the leader say that for 6 or 7 years—for 6 or 7 years—Democrats have been try-ing to work with Republicans to make the law even better. We have never passed a major law that didn’t need to be revisited. We un-derstand that. We have been working to try to improve the law—not repeal it—improve it, build on it, make it bet-ter, and we have gotten no help from Republicans, not any help whatsoever. Republicans have blocked efforts to improve this law. Instead, they are stuck on this repeal without knowing what the replacement is going to be. That is wrong. We should be working together to improve our health care system, but to pass a repeal, to put Americans at risk will lead to uncer-tainty, which will lead to insurance companies abandoning the market, giv-ing consumers less choice rather than more choice. To hurt millions of Amer-icans is wrong, and I urge my col-leagues to reject this approach. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 8, which I send to the desk on behalf of Senator M
URPHY , me, and other Senators as well. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. K AINE] proposes an amendment numbered 8. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To prohibit legislation that makes America sick again) At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. DON’T MAKE AMERICA SICK AGAIN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any legislation that makes America sick again, as described in subsection (b). (b) L
EGISLATION MAKING AMERICA SICK A
GAIN.—For purposes of subsection (a), legis-lation that makes America sick again refers to any bill, joint resolution, motion, amend-ment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that the Congressional Budget Office determines would— (1) reduce the number of Americans en-rolled in public or private health insurance coverage, as determined based on the March 2016 updated baseline budget projections by the Congressional Budget Office; (2) increase health insurance premiums or total out-of-pocket health care costs for Americans with private health insurance; or (3) reduce the scope and scale of benefits covered by private health insurance, as com-pared to the benefits Americans would have received pursuant to the requirements under title I of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 130) and the amendments made by that title. (c) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—This section may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An affirm-ative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this section. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise to offer this amendment, amendment No. 8, with Senator M
URPHY and other Sen-ators, to the budget resolution we are currently considering, and the purpose of amendment No. 8 would be to create a point of order against considering any legislation that would either strip Americans of health insurance cov-erage, make health care more expen-sive, or reduce the quality of health coverage. Our amendment creates a high hurdle to any legislation that would make America sick again, and basically that is what we are trying to do. If we are going to either strip coverage from people or make health insurance more expensive or reduce the quality of health coverage for Americans that they currently have, we shouldn’t make that easy to do. We should have a high hurdle in place so we consider it before we do it. The point of order is necessary be-cause the entire purpose of this budget resolution is not to really address the budgetary matters facing the country. I say that as a member of the Budget Committee. In fact, the budget process was basically ignored in the last Con-gress. This budget is only before us to set up a pathway to pass a fast-track re-peal of the Nation’s most consequential health care program in decades, a pro-gram that affects millions of people and a repeal being fast-tracked that would strip health care from millions of Americans. I will come back to the health points in a second, but I want to address how we got to where we are on the budget question that was in the province of the Budget Committee. I think it is a little strange that half-way into Fiscal Year 2017, which began in October 2016, we are going to be set-ting budget levels now. A budget reso-lution is a tool to set forth the guide-lines for spending in Congress. We know, in the history of this body, we are not always successful in passing a budget through both Houses of Con-gress and approving that budget through a conference process, but at least some progress is usually made; for example, both Houses doing their budget resolutions. As you know, that did not happen in 2016. Last year, our GOP counterparts in each House de-cided, for the first time in the modern budget era, not to hold a hearing on the President’s submitted budget, not to have any activity on a budget in the Senate, either in the committee or on the floor. To begin, I have to ask, if the budget wasn’t important enough for us to con-sider last year, why is it now so impor-tant for us to be taking up a budget? The answer is obvious. We are debating a budget for the sole purpose—the sole purpose—of setting in motion a process to repeal health care coverage for tens of millions of Americans. This is really about an attack on people’s health care. I and many of my colleagues have said there is a significant need to make improvements to the Affordable Care Act and, more generally, to our health care system. Mr. President, you were a chief exec-utive of a State, just like I was. I learned something in my first year as Governor of Virginia, which was, when I looked at all the bills that were put on my desk for signature, amendment, or veto at the end of my State’s legis-lative session, three-quarters of the bills were not new legislation or not re-peals of legislation; three-quarters of the bills were improvements of existing law. That is the work of a legislative body. Overwhelmingly, it should be im-provements to existing law. The Af-fordable Care Act needs significant im-provement, just as other health care laws do, just as virtually everything we do needs improvement. There is no reason, while we ac-knowledge the need for improvement, to repeal a law outright without hav-ing a sense of what the replacement will be because, by doing so, what we do is create chaos in the economy, chaos in the health insurance market, and especially chaos in the most inti-mate and important area of people’s lives, their health. Actually, on that subject, there was a wonderful letter that was sent on Janu-ary 3 by the American Medical Associa-tion to the congressional leadership on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.008 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES80 January 5, 2017 
this very point, don’t do a repeal that creates chaos for people. I am going to read some sections of the letter. The AMA supported passage of the Affordable Care Act because it was a significant improvement on the status quo at that time. 
We continue to embrace the primary goal of the law to make high-quality, affordable health care coverage accessible to all Ameri-cans. We also recognize that the ACA is im-perfect, and there are a number of issues that need to be addressed. 
Continuing the quote: 
It is essential that gains in the number of Americans with health insurance coverage be maintained. 
The letter concludes, from the Amer-ican Medical Association, the largest organization representing American physicians: 
Consistent with this core principle, we be-lieve that before any action is taken, through reconciliation or other means, that would potentially alter coverage, policy-makers should lay out for the American peo-ple, in reasonable detail, what will replace current policies. Patients and other stake-holders should be able to clearly compare current policy to new proposals so they can make informed decisions about whether it represents a step forward in the ongoing process of health reform. 
The amendment Senator M URPHY and I propose is designed to accomplish ex-actly the goal, exactly the goal the AMA has specified in the letter of Jan-uary 3. We would create a 60-vote point of order against any legislation that would, first, reduce the number of Americans who are enrolled in public or private health insurance coverage, so there would be a 60-vote point of order against any proposal that would reduce coverage for Americans; second, the point of order would also lie against any plan that would increase health care premiums or total out-of- pocket health care costs for Americans with private health insurance; and, third, the point of order would lie against any proposed plan on the table that would reduce the scope and scale of benefits offered by private health in-surance because the ACA was not only about affordable care and it was not only about coverage, it was also about the quality of care. Could your coverage discriminate against you because you are a woman? Could your coverage expire once you get diagnosed with an illness and now have a preexisting condition? These bill of rights protections for patients were an important and inte-gral part of the Affordable Care Act, and the budget point of order that we would put on the table would establish a 60-vote threshold for considering any legislation if it triggered one of those three concerns: reduction in coverage, increase in cost, reduction in quality. The point of order actually goes right to promises that the President-elect has made. In September of 2015, Presi-dent-elect Trump said: 
I am going to take care of everybody. I don’t care if it costs me votes or not. Every-body is going to be taken care of much bet-ter than they are taken care of now. He has made a promise to the Amer-ican public that we will not rush into a new health care chapter that reduces coverage, that reduces quality, or that increases costs. Just 2 days ago, the key spokes-person for the President-elect Kellyanne Conway said: We don’t want anyone who currently has insurance to not have insurance. She is not setting a threshold of 1 million people or 100,000 people or 10,000 people or 10 people. She is saying the threshold is this: We do not want any-one who has insurance to have that in-surance jeopardized by actions of Con-gress. This is what a repeal of the Afford-able Care Act, without a replacement plan, will mean. It will have three sig-nificant consequences, and then I want to finish with some personal stories. First, a repeal with no replacement will inflict a significant wound on the American economy. Health care is one- sixth of the American economy, one- sixth. You cannot inject uncertainty into one-sixth of the American econ-omy without having significant nega-tive effects on our Nation. Congress should be in the business of increasing certainty, not increasing uncertainty, and if we go into the big-gest sector of the American economy with a repeal, without any replacement strategy, it is the equivalent of, ‘‘I am now going to jump off a cliff and I will figure out how to land once I am in midair.’’ This will be economic mal-practice to affect that many people. Second, the effect of the repeal of the Affordable Care Act is sort of an under- the-table tax cut for the wealthiest Americans. Millionaires, if the Afford-able Care Act is repealed—there are two taxes on high earners that are part of the financing of the Affordable Care Act, and these taxes on high-earning Americans would expire, and this is hundreds of billions of dollars over 10 years of a tax cut. Millionaires would get 53 percent of the tax cuts from a re-peal, which is more than double the same group’s share of the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts that were done during the Bush administration. Just to put that in some context, Americans in the top 0.1 percent eco-nomically would get an average tax cut of $197,000 if the Affordable Care Act is repealed. That is one way to sort of look at this repeal without a replace-ment. It is essentially a tax cut for the wealthiest, financed by reductions of health care on the people who are most in need. Third, the impact that is the most significant is the impact on the health care of average Americans. The Urban Institute did a study in December and said: If there is a repeal with no re-placement or a repeal with a delayed replacement to something that we know not what it will be, there will be 30 million Americans who will lose their health insurance. About 20 mil-lion will be people who got health in-surance under the Affordable Care Act, and an additional 10 million will be people who will lose their insurance be-cause of the chaos created in the insur-ance market. I want to put that number, 30 mil-lion, into a context because numbers can just sound big and mysterious. Here is what 30 million people is. The number of people who would lose health insurance because of an ACA re-peal is equal to the combined popu-lation of 19 States: Wyoming, Vermont, North Dakota, Alaska, South Dakota, Delaware, Montana, Rhode Island, New Hampshire, Maine, Hawaii, Idaho, Ne-braska, West Virginia, New Mexico, Ne-vada, Utah, Kansas, and Arkansas. Nineteen States’ combined popu-lations, that is 30 million people, and that is who is going to lose health care coverage if we go forward with a repeal without a replacement. Eighty-two percent of these 30 mil-lion who would become uninsured are working families, 38 percent will be be-tween the ages of 18 and 34, and 56 per-cent are non-Hispanic Caucasians. Eighty percent of the adults becoming uninsured are people who do not have college degrees. There will be 12.9 mil-lion fewer people who have Medicaid or CHIP coverage in 2019 if the repeal goes through. These are some sobering sta-tistics. These statistics show that, at a minimum, what we are doing here is very, very consequential and very, very important and should not be rushed into in a partisan 51-vote budget rec-onciliation process. I want to conclude and tell a couple of stories from Virginians of people who are going to be impacted by this. When we essentially recessed in the Senate on December 9—between then and now—I went around the State and talked to people. I heard a story that I want to share, and then I will tell a couple of quick ones. I met with Ashley Hawkins, a young mother in Richmond, a mother of two kids. We sat around a conference table in a federally chartered community health center in Richmond and talked to stakeholders. Ashley told her story. She had a preexisting health condition. Before the Affordable Care Act, health insurance was unaffordable. After the Affordable Care Act passed, she could suddenly get insurance. Ashley owns a small business. She runs a nonprofit group that provides community arts education that serves others. Because of the ACA, she has been able to sign up on exchanges and get health insurance. Because of her in-come, she can receive subsidies to make that health insurance affordable. She makes $45,000 a year. Without health insurance, the recent hospital bill for the birth of her young-est child would have been close to $16,000. With the Affordable Care Act, she receives a subsidy, and she is able to access high quality health insurance for her and her two kids for $280 a month. That is the difference between 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Jan 05, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.013 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S81 January 5, 2017 
not being able to afford to go to a hos-pital and deliver a child and to be able to afford, as a small business owner, a health insurance policy that covers her and her two kids for less than $300 a month. This is what she said as we sat around the table and talked about what it means to have affordable insur-ance. She said: ‘‘It has to do with self esteem and security and well-being.’’ Having health insurance is about se-curity, even when you are not sick. Ob-viously, when you are sick or when you are delivering a child, health insurance is needed. But when you are a mother of two children, even if you are at the peak of your health and even if your children are at the peak of their health, you would go to bed at night— and Ashley described this—wondering: What will happen tomorrow if my child gets sick? What will happen tomorrow if I am in an accident? Not having health insurance for a parent is a con-tinuous agitating voice in your mind, an anxiety creator, about what is going to happen to my family if we get sick or get in an accident, which is some-thing that happens to virtually every family. It has to do with self-esteem, with security, and with well-being. Without the protection for people with preexisting conditions, without the subsidies in the marketplace, people like Ashley will go back to not being able to afford coverage for their fami-lies. After the Affordable Care Act passed, I happened to be in a position where I was trying to buy health insurance in the open market without an employer subsidy for the first time in my life. When I say I was doing this, what I mean is that my wife was doing all the work because she is the one who does all the work. She talked to two insur-ance companies who said: Hey, sorry, Anne, we can’t afford your entire fam-ily because of preexisting conditions. One company would not cover me. One company would not cover one of my children. My wife said: Hold on a sec-ond. The Affordable Care Act just passed. You can’t turn somebody down on a preexisting condition now. In each case the insurance company said: I have to talk to my supervisor. They had to call back and say: You are right; we are wrong. We have to pro-vide insurance for your entire family. Can I tell you this? My family is the healthiest family in the United States. At the time my wife was making those phone calls, of the five of us, the only time any of us had ever been hospital-ized was in the three occasions my wife went to the hospital to give birth to our kids. We are a healthy family, and we were turned down twice because of a preexisting condition by insurance companies that had to say: We are wrong, and because of the Affordable Care Act, now we can write a policy for your entire family. I had a woman write me a letter—a Virginian from Williamsburg—a couple of years ago who said: My husband and I are self-employed, and we could never afford insurance. Because we couldn’t afford insurance, we decided that we couldn’t have children. We couldn’t pay a hospital bill. This is what the Afford-able Care Act has meant to them. We often talk about life and death issues in the sense of illnesses, sicknesses, cancer diagnoses, and preexisting med-ical conditions. They can be life or death issues, but they can also be life issues, in the sense of this couple who wrote and said that because they could now get insurance as self-employed in-dividuals with subsidies to make it af-fordable, they are now going to start a family because of the Affordable Care Act. They could start a family. Finally—and I will always remember this because this gives me great moti-vation—as I was getting outside of my native Virginia and exploring other States on an interesting 105-day sum-mer vacation as part of a national tick-et, I went to the Iowa State Fair. I told this story once before on the floor, but I am going to tell it again. A grand-father came up with a little boy in his arms. I said: What is that child’s name? Jude. Jude, the patron saint of lost causes. There is St. Jude Children’s Re-search Hospital in Memphis, a place where children have been able to go to get medical care. I knew there must be a story. I said: Hey, Jude, tell me about Jude. Jude was a 3
1⁄2-year-old who was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect and by age 3
1⁄2—as his grandfather told me the story, now mom and dad were coming around me as well—Jude had to have multiple heart operations at the Chil-dren’s Hospital in Omaha. The grand-father said to me that Jude would not have been able to have those oper-ations and Jude would be uninsurable for the rest of his life if it were not for the Affordable Care Act. Then Jude’s father put his hand on my shoulders. He was a big guy. He said to me: You have to tell me that you will do everything you can to make sure that Jude isn’t stripped away and consigned again into the outer reaches of preexisting conditions and uninsurable, with an uncertain fu-ture for my son. I made a pledge to him. I said: I am only one person. I don’t know what, at the end of the day, I can do, but I can tell you this. I can stand up to make sure that your child and other children—such as Ashley’s two kids and the family that wrote me about wanting to have children—will not be left high and dry and without the security of health insurance in the wealthiest and, to my way of thinking, still the most compassionate Nation on the face of this planet. I encourage every Member of this body to ask their constituents for sto-ries like Ashley’s, like Jude’s, like my family’s, and like the family in Wil-liamsburg about how an ACA repeal with no plan would impact them. I will go back to the purpose of the amendment. The ACA is not perfect. We ought to be talking about reform. If Republicans want to call it replace and we want to call it reform or improve-ment, I don’t care what we call it. We should have the AMA, hospitals, pa-tients, and Members of Congress from both parties around the table to lay down what are our concern, what are our problems, and talk about how to fix them. There is so much we can do. There is so much we can improve. But by pushing an immediate repeal through a partisan budget process, we won’t have the opportunity to work to-gether to build on that common ground. This is not a game. Sometimes we get into a budget vote-arama, and it has a little bit of a game aspect to it. I have been here until 2 a.m. or 3 a.m. when amendments are put on the table, there are 1-minute presentations of why it is good or bad, and we have a vote. It has a little bit of a feeling of a game. This is not a game. This is life and death. Is there anything more important to someone than their health, because their health forms the foundation of their relationship with their spouse or their loved ones or their children? Health is what keeps a parent up at night worrying about the family. Health is what keeps a child worrying about an elderly parent. This is the most important thing to any person in this country, regardless of party, re-gardless of State, regardless of polit-ical persuasion. The worst thing we can do on a value of such importance is to rush and create chaos in the lives of millions of people. So I conclude by saying that the amendment that Senator M
URPHY , I, and others offer would seek to protect what we have—protect coverage, pro-tect costs, protect quality—by making it harder to enact legislation that would strip these important items away from tens of millions of Ameri-cans. We should be sitting down at the table to talk about reforms. So many of us want to do that. But we should not be rushing into a repeal that would jeopardize people’s lives. I urge my colleagues to please sup-port amendment No. 8. Thank you, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that all time be consid-ered time on the resolution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that during the periods of a quorum call, the time be equally divided between the two sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ENZI. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Jan 05, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.014 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES82 January 5, 2017 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, what is happening on the floor right now is ab-solutely extraordinary. It is absolutely extraordinary that Republicans are using the budget process, the reconcili-ation process, in between the swearing in of the new Congress and the swear-ing in of a new President, to rip away from 20 million Americans health care insurance, to drive up rates for one- third of consumers in this country who have some form of preexisting condi-tion—a sickness that without this law would make their rates go higher—and to throw the entire health care mar-ketplace into chaos. It is absolutely exceptional what is happening right now. No one in this body should normalize it. No one out-side of this body should perceive this to be just politics as usual. I was here when the Affordable Care Act passed. I was in the House of Rep-resentatives. Since then, I have heard my Republican friends say over and over and over again that they want to repeal the Affordable Care Act and re-place it. I can’t tell you the hundreds of times I have heard that phrase, ‘‘re-peal it and replace it.’’ President-Elect Trump talked about that throughout the campaign, and then 2 days after he won the election, on Thursday night, he went on national television to double down on the prom-ise that there would be an immediate replacement. He said: There will not be 2 hours between the Affordable Care Act being repealed and it being re-placed with something better. That is the second part of the argu-ment the Republicans have made. The Affordable Care Act, in their minds, was deficient, despite the fact that there are 20 million people who have insurance today who wouldn’t have it otherwise and despite the fact that there are hundreds of millions of Amer-icans across the country who don’t have to worry about them and their loved ones having their insurance rates jacked up because they are sick, and despite the fact that seniors are paying thousands of dollars less in prescrip-tion drugs than they were. The Affordable Care Act isn’t per-fect—it never was—but the enthusiasm of Republicans to take away from Americans their health insurance and to drive rates up for millions more is really unthinkable. We heard over and over again that the priority was to repeal it and re-place it. Now we are repealing the Af-fordable Care Act with no plan for what comes next. We are driving for-ward with a repeal vote with no plan for how we keep the health care system together, how we prevent it from fall-ing into chaos, how we continue to in-sure the millions of Americans who rely on it. There is a cruelty to this enthusiasm for immediate repeal that is a little bit hard to understand—it is really hard to understand. I think about somebody like Jona-than Miller. He lives in my State. He lives in Meriden, CT. He was born with cystic fibrosis. He is insured today through the Affordable Care Act. Here is what he said: 
For me, I was able to live a relatively nor-mal life growing up, wonderful family and friends, but health has always been the most important thing in my life. I spend even in a good health year probably one or two hos-pitalizations each year that require IV anti-biotics, I am on a whole suite of medications, each day I take about 15 to 20 medications, some of those are pills, some are breathing treatments, and then there are the shots. Healthcare is the number one priority in my life, it’s more important than income, more important than anything else, being able to maintain my health. 
He is insured by the Affordable Care Act today, but he also receives the ben-efit of the insurance protections be-cause Jonathan, without the Afford-able Care Act, even if he had insurance, would lose it—probably a couple of months into the year—because of a practice prior to the Affordable Care Act of capping the amount of money you would be covered for in a given year or in a lifetime. Jonathan would have blown through that in a heart-beat. It is not hyperbole when he says: ‘‘Without the Affordable Care Act, I’d probably be dead within months.’’ That is the reality for millions of people across this country. Without health insurance, they cannot survive. They can’t afford their medication. So this isn’t just about politics, this isn’t just about the words on the page, these are people’s lives. This is about life or death, and the casualness of throwing out a law without any con-cept of what comes next—I have read so many quotes in the paper over the last few days of Republicans admitting they don’t know yet what they are going to do in its place, but they still feel the need right now, in the lame-duck session, to begin the process of re-pealing this law without any concept of what comes next. Why do it now? Why not take one step back? Why not reach across the aisle to Democrats and say: Let’s try to work to make this better. Let’s try to answer the concerns the Republicans have, that President-Elect Trump has. Let’s take some time to work through this, reform it in a bipartisan way. No. Instead, we are rushing forward with repeal, stealing health care for mil-lions of Americans, plunging the health care system into chaos, with no guar-antee that there is anything that is going to emerge in its place. Senator K
AINE and I have a very sim-ple budget point of order. Senator K
AINE has talked about it. It would prohibit the consideration of any legis-lation as part of budget reconciliation that would, No. 1, reduce the number of Americans who are enrolled in health insurance; No. 2, increase premiums or total out-of-pocket costs for those peo-ple with private insurance; or, No. 3, reduce the scope and scale of benefits that people have. I have heard my Republican friends say: We are going to repeal the Afford-able Care Act, and we are going to re-place it with something better. We are not even committing you to replacing it with something better. We are just saying, if you are going to replace it, let’s guarantee now that legislation is not going to take anybody’s health care insurance away who has it now who wants it, it is not going to raise costs, and it is not going to reduce ben-efits. I am going to be honest. The replace-ment isn’t coming. It is not coming, and even if it comes, it can’t meet those three tests. There is no way there is a replacement coming that is going to maintain the 20 million people who have insurance now, that is going to maintain cost controls and maintain benefits. It is not happening. News flash to the American public: This law is being repealed under a budget reconciliation process that shuts out Democrats, and it is not going to be replaced by something that is equal in quality or better. At the very least, we can all put our names and our votes to a budget point of order that commits Republicans to the promise that they have made for 6 years, which is that if they repeal this, they will not put a piece of legislation before this Congress that doesn’t guar-antee that everybody keeps their health insurance, costs don’t go up, and benefits don’t come down. I urge, when this comes up for a vote, a positive vote from my colleagues, and I urge my Republican friends to honor the promise they have made. I thank Senator KAINE and others for joining me in offering it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I would just say, I had the pleasure of sitting here listening to the Senator from Con-necticut talk about his concerns about repealing ObamaCare, and I would say it strikes me that their posture is that we sold the American people a lemon, and we insist they keep it. Our position is that ObamaCare has been a failure. It has been a grand—in terms of scale—experiment, a national experiment that has failed. Yesterday I talked about the fact that my constituents are writing me and telling me that their premiums, in many instances, have doubled, and their deductible has gotten to the point that they are effectively self-insured so their insurance does them virtually no good. We will vote to repeal ObamaCare, but obviously we are not going to leave people hanging out to dry. We are going to make sure they have coverage that they choose and that they can af-ford. I welcome the assistance of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to try to craft a bipartisan reform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Jan 05, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.009 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S83 January 5, 2017 
The biggest failure of ObamaCare was the fact that when our Democratic friends had 60 votes in the Senate and they had President Obama in the White House and a majority in the House, they jammed it down the throats of the American people. That is really why ObamaCare is unsustainable—because it was purely a partisan political exer-cise. We need to start over by repealing ObamaCare and then reforming our health care system so people can buy the coverage they want at a price they can afford. We are going to work very carefully to make sure the transition is thought out, methodical, and very carefully done. 
NOMINATIONS  
Soon, Mr. President, we will be con-sidering and confirming men and women nominated by the President- elect to fill leadership roles throughout the administration. This is crucial to ensuring a smooth transition from one President to another, and it is impor-tant to make sure the next President has the people and resources he needs to help lead our country. I have had some of the reporters in the hallway say: How in the world can you process so many nominees at the same time, so quickly? I said: It is the tyranny of the cal-endar. We are going to have a new President on January 20, and wouldn’t you want—for example, the President’s CIA Director choice, the Attorney Gen-eral, the Secretary of Defense, the head of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, the Director of National Intel-ligence—wouldn’t you want all of those key national security positions filled as soon as possible in case some of our adversaries decide to take advantage of this transition to try to threaten the United States? It makes sense to me that we would work in an orderly sort of way with our colleagues across the aisle to make this transition a smooth one from President Obama to President Trump. President Obama has said that is what he is working to do, and you would think it would make sense for us to be a part of the solution and not a part of the problem. Holding up confirmations just for delay’s sake is irresponsible and it is dangerous. As I speak, there is a hear-ing going on on the foreign cyber threats in the Senate Armed Services Committee. People are justifiably con-cerned about what our adversaries are doing in cyber space. But it is not re-lated to just cyber space, it is related to nuclear threats from countries such as North Korea, obviously the ongoing humanitarian crisis and civil war going on in Syria and elsewhere, the threats from Russia not only in cyber space but also to our NATO allies in Europe, and I could go on and on talking about Iran and its nuclear aspirations, its ballistic missile capability. This is a dangerous world we are liv-ing in, and why in the world would we want to make it even more dangerous just to let our colleagues delay for delay’s sake President-Elect Trump getting to fill his Cabinet, particularly these important national security of-fices? The truth is, when it comes to wanting what is best for America, we are all on the same team. We should all want what is best for our country. It doesn’t do our Democratic colleagues a bit of good to delay the inevitable be-cause, thanks to former Democratic leader Harry Reid and the so-called nu-clear option that changed the Senate confirmation rules, we know that President-Elect Trump’s Cabinet mem-bers will be confirmed. It is going to happen because it takes 51 votes. Just delaying for delay’s sake out of par-tisan pique really doesn’t do anything to accomplish any goal but, rather, makes our country more dangerous and denies the President-elect the Cabinet he has chosen. When President-Elect Obama was nominated to office, we acted very quickly. In fact, on the day he was in-augurated—January 20, 2009—seven of his Cabinet members were confirmed. We were not happy about the outcome of the election on this side of the aisle. We wished a different electoral out-come had occurred. But once the voters had spoken, we accepted their verdict, and we worked cooperatively to see a smooth transition from the Bush ad-ministration to the Obama administra-tion. I believe it is our duty to do that. Nearly all of President Obama’s Cabi-net-level nominees were confirmed within the span of 2 weeks. We came together, understood that the people had spoken, and we went to work to co-operate in good faith, not necessarily because we were happy about the out-come but because it is our responsi-bility to do so. Then there are some of the state-ments from some of our colleagues across the aisle that they now appear to be walking away from. In the spring of 2015, Senator S
TABENOW , the senior Senator from Michigan, said: ‘‘When a President wins an election, they have the right to have their team.’’ She said that on April 20, 2015. I hope that not only the Senator from Michigan but her other colleagues remember that po-sition they took then and simply recip-rocate in good faith during this transi-tion. Senator S
TABENOW is right, by the way. No matter which side you are on, we know that the voters have spoken. As President-elect, he has the author-ity to surround himself with those he sees fit to advise him and help him as he serves our country. For some of our colleagues to suggest that keeping the President under-staffed is somehow in the best interest of the American people is palpably false. It is ridiculous. I mentioned the national security nominations the President-elect has indicated. One of those first ones was Senator S
ESSIONS , our colleague here in the Senate, the junior Senator from Alabama, to serve as Attorney General of the United States. The Attorney General is not only the head of the Department of Justice and has an important law en-forcement role, the Attorney General also has a very important anti-ter-rorism national security portfolio as well. So it is very important that peo-ple like Senator SESSIONS , the Attor-ney General nominee, be put in place on a timely basis for the safety of our community. Talking about the nomination of At-torney General Loretta Lynch not even 2 years ago, the senior Senator from Vermont urged a quick confirmation, saying: ‘‘Confirming the top law en-forcement position should be an urgent priority of the Senate.’’ And he is right. As the minority party is now consid-ering the political strategy of obstruc-tion, delay, and stall tactics, what has changed except that your preferred candidate did not win and our preferred candidate did win? That is the only thing that has changed. Another nominee the Senate will consider is the President-elect’s choice to fill the Supreme Court vacancy left by the death of Justice Scalia. Last year, after the death of Justice Scalia, we promised the American people that the next President, whether it was a Republican or a Democrat, would nominate the successor to Justice Scalia. We didn’t say we would only vote to confirm a Republican Presi-dent’s nominees; we said that the American people had a right to a voice in who would make that choice, recog-nizing that the next Justice on the Su-preme Court could serve 25 or 30 years. Here we are 15 days before the Presi-dent-elect is sworn in to the White House and the minority leader is al-ready threatening to deny the voices and the vote of the American people from last November by blocking any nominee indefinitely. As shocking as it sounds, on Tuesday night, just hours after the 115th Con-gress was sworn in, Senator S
CHUMER , the Democratic leader, was asked in an interview on MSNBC if he would ‘‘do his best to keep the seat open.’’ He an-swered with one word: ‘‘Absolutely.’’ Despite months of calling for a full Su-preme Court, all nine members, even using the hashtag ‘‘We need nine,’’ the Democratic leader is now threatening indefinite obstruction. Republicans were clear with the American people: We would respect their voice in whom they wanted to pick the next Supreme Court Justice, whether it was a Democrat or Repub-lican in the White House, and we would move forward with that nominee in the new Congress. I hope our Democratic friends don’t slow-walk President-Elect Trump’s nominees. It is one thing to obstruct, but it becomes an even bigger problem when they intentionally try to keep President Trump from doing the job the voters have given him the responsi-bility to do. The American people made clear in November that they are done with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Jan 05, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.010 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES84 January 5, 2017 
business as usual here in Washington, DC. Frankly, I don’t think it was a ro-bust endorsement of either one of the political parties. We got an unconven-tional President-elect, and I think the American people expect him to shake this place up, and I think he will. We intend to work with him to make sure there is a positive outcome for the American people. I don’t think they are interested in political stunts or delay for delay’s sake, nor do they want us to return to the dysfunctional do-nothing Congress of the past. They want results, and they want a path for-ward toward a brighter future for themselves and their families. Let’s not keep from President Trump the men and women he has chosen to work alongside him. That would only make us less safe, our economy more fragile, and the government less effi-cient. After all, we are paying the bills as taxpayers. Why would we want a less efficient or less effective government? In short, it will not serve the interests of the American people well. I know we are ready on this side of the aisle to roll up our sleeves and get to work. As I have learned through hard experience, the only time any-thing ever gets accomplished in the Senate is when we work together. I am not talking about people sacrificing their principles. We ought to fight like cats and dogs when it comes to our basic principles. There are a lot of things that are outside of the realm of principles where we can find common ground and work together and build consensus. I think we ought to take ad-vantage of this historic opportunity to do just that, starting with confirming the President’s Cabinet and letting them get to work to help his adminis-tration as soon as possible. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I am going to talk about the resolution we are moving to that will allow us to re-peal and begin the replacement for the President’s health care plan. A little over 3 years ago, President Obama hailed the start of the ObamaCare exchanges as a life-chang-ing opportunity for Americans. For most Americans, it was life-changing, but it didn’t turn out to be an oppor-tunity. It was a life-changing experi-ence because in many cases the insur-ance they had was no longer affordable, what they thought met their family’s needs was no longer available, and the cost continues to go up. When President Obama pushed the health care law through Congress with-out a single Republican vote, he re-peatedly assured Americans that they would be able to keep the plans they had, that they would be able to keep the doctors they had, and that every family would have a significant reduc-tion in their health care costs. He con-tinued to make every one of those com-mitments until the plan actually was put in place and it was obvious those commitments were not going to be what happened. By the end of 2013, at least 4.7 million Americans had their plans canceled because they didn’t meet the law’s mandatory require-ments. Remember, these were plans that 4.7 million people thought met their individual needs, and they could afford those plans. That is why they bought them. They might not have been perfect. They might have still been a stretch on their budget, but they decided: This is insurance I can afford, and it is insurance that meets the needs that I can afford to meet with the insurance I can buy. The President’s claims about every-body being able to keep their policies and keep their doctor were so far from reality that PolitiFact rated it as the lie of the year. I don’t like to use that language as it relates to the President of the United States. I would say it must be really easy to become isolated in the Oval Office, and the President may get lots of information that sounds to him as if his plan is working, but the truth is that the President is not entitled to his own facts. He is en-titled to his own opinion. He is entitled to his vision of what he thinks health care in America should look like, but he is not entitled to his own facts. If it is not happening the way he thinks it is happening, somebody needs to tell him. But, of course, in just a few days there will be a new President, and we have to deal with the chaos, frankly, that has been created under the old law. President Obama said this law would mean more choice, more competition, and lower costs for millions of Ameri-cans. Nobody can find those Ameri-cans. A number of Americans got on Medicaid, another government pro-gram, who weren’t on Medicaid before. But there aren’t millions of Americans who have more choices, and there aren’t millions of Americans who have more competition for their business, and there aren’t millions of Americans who have lower costs. In fact, just the opposite would be the case in Missouri, where I live. A number of insurers pulled out of the exchange totally. Our neighboring States all have the same experience and, in some cases, even worse experience, but the competition, the choices, just aren’t there because the system doesn’t work. We have 115 counties in our State, and in 97 of them, you have one choice; you have one insurer offering insur-ance. That one insurer may offer three different plans, but there is no com-petition for whatever level you are shopping for. There is only one place to get that level. This would be as if there is one shoe store in town and none of the shoes fit and they all cost too much, but if you didn’t buy the shoes in that shoe store—and the chairman of the Budget Committee knows a lot about shoe stores—you would have to pay a penalty for not buying shoes that were available at that one location. Ev-erybody would think: Well, that is un-acceptable; you ought to at least be able to drive to another community and look for shoes. But that is not the case in 97 places, 97 counties. The vast majority of our State and a couple of States have no counties on the indi-vidual exchange that have competi-tion. We went from several—every county a year ago in Missouri had at least two companies offering insurance, so there was at least a competitor. Some had more than two companies of-fering insurance. Now 97 have one com-pany. The promise was to bend the cost curve. The cost curve bent, but it bent the wrong way. The cost curve went up; it didn’t go down. In our State, again, increased premiums have been as high as 40 percent. In a number of States, they are in the 70-percent category. In one State, there is a 100-percent increase—not from when ObamaCare started but from last year—in places where the cost of insurance for individuals and families had too often already doubled, and now another add-on. I was with somebody the other day, and I asked them about their insur-ance. He was a healthy guy in his mid- 40s. His wife and two daughters were healthy. I said: What are you doing for insurance? He said: I am self-employed. In 2009, there were four of us. We had insurance we thought met our needs. We were paying $300 a month. Now we are pay-ing $1,190 a month, and we have a $7,500 deductible. If two of us are sick, we have to submit that deductible twice before we get any assistance from the insurance company—a $15,000 deduct-ible if two people in the family are sick with a $1,190 monthly premium. This is a family that had no health care problems. This is not a response to somebody who has a policy that they were using. This is a policy that wasn’t being used and, of course, with a $7,500 deductible unlikely to be used unless that family really has a catastrophic situation occur. What I believe that family found out a few months after I visited with them was that their policy went up closer to $2,000 than $1,190. The average deductible for a mid- level plan—there are the gold plan, sil-ver plan, the bronze plan. For the sil-ver plan, the average deductible in the exchange last year was $3,000. The av-erage deductible in the bronze plan was $5,000, and it is higher than that for many people. To make matters worse, if you aren’t able to afford the few options available on the exchange, you pay a penalty. So you have no competition. You are re-quired to buy the product, and if you don’t buy the product, there is a pen-alty. It could have been as much this year as $2,045, but if your option is to pay $15,000 or $20,000 for insurance that has this high deductible, that is what many people have decided to do. I have heard a lot of Missourians from the day this was initiated through today talking about the indi-vidual challenges they have seen. For 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Jan 05, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.017 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S85 January 5, 2017 
example, Dave, a small business owner in Columbia, said that the premiums for his employees have doubled. Why would that be the case? One, the stand-ards necessary for a policy change and, two, if you’re losing all this money in the individual marketplace, the insur-ance companies make that up some-where. So his premiums have doubled. At the same time, they have contin-ually had to raise deductibles and seri-ously reduce benefits. The cost goes up and the coverage goes down. I think that is what President Clinton said when he said this is a crazy system. It is costing more all the time and cov-ering less. That is what Dave has found out in his business, and he was told late last year that he should expect a 40-percent increase this year. He said: If that happens another time, we are no longer in the employee-employer pro-vided insurance marketplace. Another location that serves our State and happens to be headquartered also in Columbia is the Older Ameri-cans Transportation System, a not-for- profit. They provide critical transpor-tation services to older Missourians, and they have it other places in the country—older Missourians to low-in-come people, to underserved parts of our State that don’t have other trans-portation options. The costs to insure their drivers have gone up by half a million dollars. The paperwork to com-ply with the law’s requirements, as the executive director told me, is so com-plex and cumbersome, they had to spend additional money to hire a con-sultant to implement a software pro-gram to help them keep up with the new mandates. It suddenly got even harder to be a not-for-profit and break even. Families and small businesses shouldn’t be penalized because the law did not live up to its promise: If you like your health care, you can keep it. If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. Family costs will go down by $2,500 after this plan is put in place. Those things didn’t happen. We are in a chaotic situation now, and it is time to move in a new direc-tion. We will have a bill before us very shortly that will allow us to begin that transition to do things that will pre-vent Washington from getting in be-tween health care providers and their patients. We will do things that will break down barriers that artificially restrict choice and prevent Americans from picking insurance that meets their family’s needs that they can still pay for. What a concept that would be. This is basically the system we had before. It wasn’t a perfect system, and I will say the biggest straw man put forward in that system was that no-body else had any ideas. There were plenty of other ideas, ideas that would better serve American families, Amer-ican job creators, American job hold-ers, people—plans that would have al-lowed small businesses to band to-gether and become a bigger group to seek group insurance for a number of businesses instead of just one business’s health savings account, bet-ter use of health savings accounts, buy-ing across State lines, and things that I proposed specifically on letting your family stay on your insurance a little bit longer. Frankly, that was a 4-page bill that adds 3 million people to insur-ance every year so you can stay on your family policy until you are 26. There are four pages with a lot of white space. This does not have to be that complicated. There is no cost to tax-payers. Frankly, you are adding young, healthy people, not much cost to any-body but fundamentally no cost to tax-payers. It is just an additional way to look at things like buying insurance across State lines would be. There are solutions here, but we have been pre-vented from moving to those solutions. I urge my colleagues to support the resolution that will allow us to move forward. We will begin to eliminate the chaos of ObamaCare and restore the focus of health care to patients, people, the doctors they want to have, and the places they want to go to get their health care. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that at 2:45 p.m. today, the Senate vote in relation to amendment No. 8. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ENZI. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, I want to begin my remarks this morn-ing by taking stock of how the 115th Congress, led by my Republican col-leagues, seems to be coming out of the gate. Here is what is coming if the budget process that began this week plays out: 30 million Americans from Portland, OR, to Portland, ME, will be in danger of being kicked off their health care plans; sharply rising health care costs for everybody else, even those who get their insurance through their employer; broken campaign promises about a replacement coming on day one. With this resolution, Re-publicans in the Congress are building a Trojan horse of tax cuts for the most fortunate in America. I want to discuss each of those issues this morning, but first let us recognize the bottom line. What is at stake in this debate is whether or not America is going to go back to the dark days when health care was reserved for the healthy and wealthy. For nearly 7 years and through 4 punishing cam-paigns, Americans have heard and felt the steady, partisan drumbeat of repeal and replace from the other side. Dozens and dozens of show votes to repeal the Affordable Care Act have been held in either Chamber. There have been countless press conferences, speeches, and hearings, even a government shut-down, and the message is always the same. The President-elect himself said that repeal and replace would happen— his words, not mine—simultaneously. The replacement plan was coming. It would be fully written, ready to plug in—no gap, no harm relevant to anyone in our country. The same words, ‘‘Com-ing Soon,’’ have sat on that marquee for 7 years now. It seems to me it is time to admit that the show will not open. This is a broken promise, plain and simple. Americans are no longer looking at repeal and replace; now it is repeal and run. The consequences will be serious and immediate for tens of millions of Americans, both in access to health care and the bottom line for family budgets across the country. In short, it is a plan that will make Amer-ica sick again. According to inde-pendent analysis, nearly 30 million Americans will lose their health insur-ance quickly after repeal. The first act of a new Congress: Kicking 30 million people off the insurance rolls—that is seven times the population of my home State. The overwhelming majority of those 30 million Americans are not wealthy people. They are not in a position to be able to afford to go out and pick an ex-pensive plan once the insurance compa-nies get back in the driver’s seat. Mil-lions come from working families who will lose tax cuts for health insurance. Millions of others toil, often working multiple jobs, but still what they bring home is just barely enough to keep them out of poverty. For many, signing up for Medicaid brought an end to the years when they had to choose between visiting a doctor and putting food on the table. If repeal goes forward, Americans all over the country are going to face that dilemma once again. I think it is important to remember that the danger of repeal does not end with Americans getting kicked off their insurance plans. Repeal will send costs skyrocketing for everyone across the board, even those Americans who get their insur-ance through work, including a lot of folks who say the Affordable Care Act has not touched them at all. They are going to get a gut punch, a gut punch with higher premiums and higher out- of-pocket costs. When you kick tens of millions off the insurance rolls and send the markets into chaos, there is going to be a ripple effect. Everyone is going to feel those harmful effects, even those who have had the same plan from a particular employer for years or decades. Rising costs are going to eat into paychecks, crowding out the pay raises that our people need so des-perately. Colleagues, if you are watching this budget debate at home, I am sure you are going to say: Why in the world would any lawmaker go forward with this plan? I am going to go back to what I just said. In my view, this is a Trojan horse of tax cuts for the wealthy and the most fortunate. When you look at both sides of the ledger, you see how exceptionally un-fair this scheme actually is. On one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Jan 05, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.018 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES86 January 5, 2017 
side, tens of millions of Americans lose insurance and suffer economic pain. That is the typical family. On the other side, there are substantial tax breaks for those at the top of the in-come scale. One of the questions I am asked near-ly every day in these halls, and I am asked this by many in the press and elsewhere, is whether Democrats are going to take part in this effort and what ideas Democrats would put for-ward. I want to take just a minute to describe why that question is so off the mark. First, you have to look at the nature of the reconciliation process itself. Budget reconciliation is inher-ently a partisan exercise. Inherently, it is not a process that brings people to-gether. It is a process that drives peo-ple apart. It is inherently partisan. A typical proposal that comes to the Senate floor is subject to unlimited de-bate and unlimited amendments. Usu-ally it takes 60 Senators, Members from both parties to come together and pass legislation. It is very rare that a party builds that kind of supermajority on its own, so the two sides have to work together. That is the Senate at its best. I see my friend, the distinguished chairman of the Budget Committee, Senator E
NZI. He and I have served on the Finance Committee. At its best, that is what the Finance Committee has always been about—trying to find common ground, working together to get a proposal that can get 60 votes. Reconciliation throws those unique characteristics of bringing Senators to-gether; basically, reconciliation just trashes it, throws it out the window. In my view, when you use reconciliation the way it is being used here, you are telling the other party you neither need nor want their votes. It puts a one-sided proposal on the fast track to passage, tight limits on debate and amendments, a bare majority of votes required to actually pass it. I am very concerned that what is at issue now is a serious misuse of the reconciliation process. This is not a simplified procedure to address a budg-et issue; this is an effort to ram through repeal and run. Second, this is not your run-of-the-mill congressional debate where you have both sides bringing their best ideas forward to tackle a policy issue. For years, my Democratic colleagues and I have said that we are ready to work on a bipartisan basis to solve this country’s health care challenges. I think I have spent about as much time as anybody in the Senate working to try to find bipartisan solutions to the country’s big health challenges. Back in 2008, 2009, we had a bipartisan pro-posal: seven Democrats, seven Repub-licans. We had never had that before. I can tell you, we Democrats are ready to work on a bipartisan basis to solve the country’s health care challenges. For me, essentially what I have tried to make my top priority for public service—health care is one-sixth of the American economy. It has always been the issue that Americans care the most about because if you and your loved ones don’t have health, nothing else much matters. So we ought to be work-ing on a bipartisan basis to solve the country’s health care challenges, find-ing ways to bring costs down for fami-lies, making prescription drugs more affordable, upholding the promise of Medicare, and strengthening its guar-anteed benefits. When I was director of the Gray Pan-thers at home, a senior citizens group, we always said that Medicare was a promise. It was a promise of guaran-teed benefits. We ought to strengthen that promise, particularly updating it to incorporate changes in the program that reflect the needs of the Americans who face chronic health conditions, which is where the vast majority of Medicare dollars are going. That is what we ought to be doing, upholding the promise of Medicare, working together in a bipartisan way. But that is not what is happening here. From the other side, what we have heard again and again is repeal and re-place, dozens of partisan votes pro-ducing legislation that burned out in the Senate or met the veto pen. Now, with a new administration, the Trump administration coming in, the Republicans kick off a procedural scheme that slashes taxes for the most fortunate, raises costs for typical Americans, and takes insurance cov-erage away from tens of millions of people. No Democrat is going to buy in to that proposition. The reason they won’t is that the American people are not going to buy into that proposition. This scheme is going to bring on a manufactured crisis that does harm to millions of Americans across the land, rocks our health care sector, our pro-viders, our plans—all of those who make up this health care system. One side is pushing it, but the other side is saying: No, let’s not create this catas-trophe. That is why, in my view, the ques-tions about Democrats signing on to flawed, bad proposals miss the point. Everyone recognizes that the strict and immovable strategy adopted by the other side 8 years ago paid dividends in elections. But politics is different from governing. Politics is different from governing because there are serious life-and-death consequences to actions that deprive Americans of health insur-ance. Families are going to feel eco-nomic pain when premiums and deductibles jump. I believe Americans are going to speak out. They are going to rally against an unfair, unbalanced bill that cuts taxes for the most fortunate, while putting insurance companies back again in the driver’s seat. What is at stake here is pretty simple; it is whether or not America is going to turn back the clock and go back to those dark days when health care in our Nation was reserved for the healthy and the wealthy. My colleagues and I say no way. We are going to fight that unfair, imbal-anced approach in every way we can. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? If no one yields time, time will be charged equally to both sides. Mr. ENZI. Madam President, today I have been listening to the diatribes against the repeal resolution we are working on, and I think some things need to be answered. The Republicans are not trying to throw 30 million people off of their in-surance. What we have seen over the time of ObamaCare is that there were 30 million people who were uninsured when we started that debate, and today there are 30 million people who are un-insured. Now it is a different 30 million people. The 30 million people who couldn’t get insurance have insurance, and we want them to have insurance. And the 30 million people who are now off insurance used to have insurance, but they can no longer afford it. There has been a huge increase in the cost of health care. That is not how it was sup-posed to be. The prices were supposed to come down. Yesterday we took the first step in fulfilling the promise of repealing ObamaCare, which will pave the way for real health care reforms to strengthen the doctor-patient relation-ships, expand choices, lower health care costs, and improve access to qual-ity, affordable, innovative health care. As I discussed yesterday, while Re-publicans will start by repealing ObamaCare immediately, we will en-sure a stable transition in which those with insurance will not lose access to health care coverage. This will allow us to move step by step to a new set of re-forms, listening carefully to the advice of millions of Americans affected and making sure we proceed wisely, doing no harm. There is a common misconception that some of my friends across the aisle have promoted. It is the idea that ObamaCare was a success and that re-peal will be tearing down a functioning program. That is not true. ObamaCare has put our health insurance markets on the brink of collapse in many parts of the country. And what Republicans face now is an imperative to do some-thing that the Democrats couldn’t bring themselves to do when they had control, and that is to fix the problems they created. ObamaCare became the epitome of a sacred cow for them, and any changes, as you can see, unless done by Execu-tive action, were out of the question. Interestingly, President Obama re-cently admitted in October 2016 at Miami Dade College that the law has real problems and that, in his words, ‘‘There are going to be people who are hurt by premium increases or a lack of competition and choice.’’ That is the President of the United States talking about ObamaCare. In that same speech, he went on to call these issues ‘‘grow-ing pains.’’ I think that is a troubling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Jan 05, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.020 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S87 January 5, 2017 
blind spot about this law that he and many of my Democratic colleagues share. Millions are facing impossibly high health insurance premiums for plans they may not even want to have. Costs are going up, and they can’t af-ford it. Somehow these casualties of ObamaCare don’t deserve relief, appar-ently; they are just written off as growing pains by the authors of the law. My colleagues will recall ObamaCare architect Jonathan Gruber, who was paid in a number of different ways, who was famously exposed in 2014 for stat-ing, amongst other things, that while crafting this bill, he believed that ‘‘the lack of transparency is a huge political advantage’’ and that it ‘‘was written in a tortured way to make sure the CBO did not score the mandate as taxes.’’ Mr. Gruber may have succeeded in masking the consequences of ObamaCare to obtain passage, but there is no way to hide the results. A recent poll by the Gallup organiza-tion showed that more Americans con-tinue to disapprove—53 percent—than approve—42 percent—of the law and that a majority of Americans want to see the law changed. Let me highlight that point again. A majority of Ameri-cans want to see ObamaCare either changed or replaced altogether. In fact, since passage of ObamaCare in 2010, there has never been a majority of Americans supporting the law. A quick glance around the Nation quickly ex-plains why. For more and more Ameri-cans, there is only a single insurer from which they can select health plans, a monopoly. In fact, on Federal exchanges, one in five consumers will only be able to select plans from a sin-gle insurer. Many residents across the country only have one choice of health insurer. That is including my home State of Wyoming as well as the entire State of Alaska. What does this lack of competition mean? Prices are surging for hard- working families who now have to choose between unreasonable insurance rates or an unreasonable fine. That doesn’t even include the deductible problem we have. That doesn’t even in-clude the additional taxes and prices people are paying as a result of other things that are built into the law, which I will go into later—not in this speech. The irony of a Democrat-led effort to help resulting in the creation of a lose- lose proposition for families ran true to voters in the most recent election when they voted for change. In Wyo-ming, some families would be forced to pay more than 30 percent of their total income on premiums to obtain health care coverage, which often includes deductibles of over $1,000. One family faced premiums of more than $1,600 per month. That is one family, $1,600 a month. As an alternative, their tax penalty for not carrying coverage was only $1,700 for the whole year. So guess what they did. They paid the fine be-cause they couldn’t afford the insur-ance premium. They could also see no way that they were going to be able to get a benefit from that. For those lucky enough to be able to afford insurance, particularly in the in-dividual market, under the new health law, premiums are expected to increase faster in 2017 than in previous years. Some States will see insurance pre-miums rise by as much as 53 percent. I think that makes it truly an emer-gency. After discussing the why, it is impor-tant to talk about how we are going to do this. Passing the repeal resolution we are currently debating today will allow Republicans to use the budget reconciliation process to untangle the country from this unworkable, unpopu-lar, and unaffordable law. This is the exact same procedure congressional Democrats and President Obama used to secure passage of portions of ObamaCare. Let me say that again. This is the exact same procedure con-gressional Democrats and President Obama used to secure passage of por-tions of ObamaCare. After Congress passes this repeal res-olution, it can then move forward on reconciliation legislation that will pro-vide for the repeal of ObamaCare and pave the way for real health care re-forms. I think Members are looking forward to an open and serious debate about the future of America’s health and its health care system and the im-portance of restoring the trust of hard- working taxpayers. I think that is something both sides can agree on, and that is what will happen. This resolution we are debating does two things. It recognizes the point in the budget we are at considering the points of order and things that hap-pened up to this point in time. We are just recognizing that is where this budget is. It still keeps in place the points of order to maintain some con-trol over our spending, but the signifi-cant part is the repeal part. That is where we institute the reconciliation, and all that is, is an instruction to two committees on the Senate side and two committees on the House side. The two on the Senate side were the Finance Committee—they are the ones who deal with all of the taxes and the finance and the Medicare and the Medicaid, and they need to save $1 billion over 10 years. That is peanuts around here. They will do much better than that, I am certain. And then the HELP Com-mittee—Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions—also has an instruction to save $1 billion. That is it. This isn’t a debate over what the changes are going to be to ObamaCare; this is a debate about whether we are going to give two committees, which have jurisdiction over this situation, the ability to consider it and bring us something. It has to conform with the budget requirements, and that is going to save some money. That is why we have a very low threshold, each of them saving $1 billion. That is the time when we will have the debate on what is happening with health care. If some-body wants to raise the threshold of the $1 billion for each of the two com-mittees, that would be perhaps accept-able—unnecessary but perhaps accept-able. If somebody wants to change the budget, we are going to have an actual chance to change the budget right after we finish this process because there is a budget for 2018. We are already a third of the way through 2017, and there are no spending bills approved. That is wrong, but that is what this budget reflects. That is where we are at this point in time on our spending. Hopefully, we will do well on the new budget and come up with a plan that is going to pull the United States out of the hole that we are in on our deficit spending, which results in huge debt. I would like to make that distinc-tion. Deficit is our overspending. Debt is the amount that we owe that we have to pay interest on—like pouring money down a hole—and that interest rate is going up. We get to make deci-sions on about $1 trillion each year, and the interest rate right now spends $200 billion right now by itself—that is at about 1 percent. If it goes to 5 per-cent, which is the norm for the United States, that would be $1 trillion dol-lars. That is the amount we get to make decisions on. What shape will our country would be in if we have to spend $1 trillion dollars on interest and that is all we have to make decisions on? We have to do something. Health care is affecting more people in this country than anything else. So we will start immediately. We normally have a recess that would begin from the time we reorganize until the time the Presi-dent is sworn in, but Republicans rec-ognize that this is an emergency. This is something that needs to be taken care of. So we are going to stay around and get it solved. We are going to do the processes we have to do. This is the first of the proc-esses. There is another more important step, which has to be the actual sav-ings part in order to do the reconcili-ation, and we are going to do that. We will hear all kinds of stories of ways that people have been helped by health care, and we will hear stories about how people have been hurt by this health care. We need to fix it for both of them. So I think Members are looking for-ward to an open and serious debate—I hope, a serious debate—about the fu-ture of America’s health care system and the importance of restoring the trust of the hardworking taxpayers. I hope that is something we can both agree on. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? If no one yields time, time will be charged to both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Madam President, in 2010 the American people were prom-ised a number of things, but among 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Jan 05, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.021 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES88 January 5, 2017 
those things was affordable, accessible, and quality health care. They were promised that if they liked their health care plans, if they liked their insur-ance, they could keep those insurance policies. They were promised a system that could get more folks covered at lower costs. Instead, unfortunately, the Afford-able Care Act has failed us and has failed to keep its promises. Canceled policies, elimination of certain plans, difficulties in identifying new plans, massive premium increases, sky-high deductibles, and limited options for doctors have really become a new standard for many American families. At the end of last year, I completed another round of 105 townhall meetings in our State. There are 105 counties in Kansas. On occasion—it is pretty rare but on occasion someone will say: The Affordable Care Act was helpful to me and my family. My response to that is: I am glad, but surely we can come up with a proposal—a plan—that isn’t so damaging to so many other people for the benefits that you claim you have acquired under the Affordable Care Act. Surely, we can come up with a plan that doesn’t increase premiums, increase deductibles, increase copay-ments, eliminate plans, reduce the choice of the physician you see, and re-duce your ability to keep the health care plan that you like. Because I am opposed to the Affordable Care Act does not mean I am opposed to trying to make sure Americans have better options and more affordable care. I have also visited all 127 hospitals in our State. I have had conversations with the chief financial officer, the CEO, the trustees, the doctors, the nurses, and almost without exception the conversation is about how bad debt expenses increase, the ability for their patients—people who are admitted to the hospital—to pay their bills is less, not more, and that is because they can’t afford the copayments and deductibles. Unfortunately, ObamaCare—the Af-fordable Care Act—has taken away the freedom to make health care decisions from Americans, from us as individ-uals, and given way too much author-ity to the Federal Government. Kan-sans continue to ask me to help them get back to their former health care plans, to find a better way to do this, a plan that is more affordable with bet-ter coverage. Over the last 6 years, I have advo-cated for a number of changes to our health care plan to help American fam-ilies. Even before President Obama was President, we were talking about what we ought to do. I had ideas of what we could do to improve the chances that people across Kansas and around the country would have a better opportunity to provide health care insurance for themselves and their family members. I am proud of some of the successes we have had in recent time. I am a member of the Senate Appro-priations Committee and a supporter of funding for NIH, or the National Insti-tutes of Health. This is research that is essential to saving and improving lives, growing our economy, and maintaining America’s role as a global leader, but, most importantly, it saves lives and improves health care. In addition, it saves money—the cost of health care— if we can find the cure and treatment for cancer, for diabetes, for Alz-heimer’s. One of the ways we can help reduce the cost of health care and make it more affordable is to make certain that we make the necessary in-vestments in finding those cures and treatments. Last year, I supported, and this Sen-ate and Congress passed, the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act. This takes us in addi-tional directions in the way of finding those cures for life-altering diseases and, in the process, helps us to save our families’ dollars. We have also worked hard to try to maintain the funding for Federal programs and agencies that work with universities and medical schools to train and recruit medical professionals who then go on to serve particularly in medically underserved areas. It is very typical of your State and mine, Madam President, in which we are experiencing the constant short-age of the necessary professionals to provide the necessary health care. While this is progress, with a new Congress, a new year, and a new admin-istration, we now have a tremendous opportunity to provide real substantive reform to our health care system. I mentioned the conversations I have had in townhall meetings. In addition to the health care side of the Afford-able Care Act and the problems it has created for affordable and accessible health care, we have also had the chal-lenges on the economic side—the job creation side—that the Affordable Care Act has unfortunately caused—the con-versation about whether or not to ex-pand a business, whether or not to ex-ceed the 50-employee threshold. Those aspects of the Affordable Care Act are very damaging and need to be ad-dressed and cured as well. As we as a Senate, we as a Congress, and we as a country look for a replace-ment strategy, for something dif-ferent—significantly different than the Affordable Care Act—we ought to focus on the practical reforms that embrace increased flexibility and allow Amer-ican men and women to decide what is right for them and their individual family health care needs. As we take this matter up in Con-gress, I wish to again put forth some specific ideas I have offered over the years as a blueprint for reform that we should try to put in place. First, we should maintain preexisting condition protections for those with continuous coverage. Individuals with debilitating diseases and chronic condi-tions who have purchased health care should be reassured that their coverage will not be stripped in any future health care changes to our system. Second, we can increase coverage by enabling Americans to shop for plans from coast to coast, no matter what State they live in. This will lower the premiums by spurring greater competi-tion in the insurance market. Third, we should extend tax savings to those who purchase health care cov-erage, regardless of their employment. To assist low-income Americans, we can offer tax credits to help them ob-tain the private insurance of their choice. We also can expand access to care by supporting community health centers and other primary care access points. Fourth, instead of limiting the choice of plans, let’s give small busi-nesses and organizations the ability to pool together in order to offer health insurance at lower premiums, similar to corporations and labor unions. We also need to make it possible for health insurance to travel with workers when they move from one job to another job throughout their careers. Fifth, we ought to increase the incen-tives available to individuals to save now for their future and for long-term care needs by empowering them to uti-lize health savings accounts and other incentive plans. Doing so enables indi-viduals to take ownership in their health, and that is important as well. Sixth, we need not accept the idea that costs for currently available med-ical treatments will inevitably rise. In-stead, let’s continue to support those things that bring down the cost of health care by finding cures and treat-ments, as I mentioned, with the Na-tional Institutes of Health. Advancing lifesaving medical research and spur-ring innovation can help us accomplish health care savings, reducing the finan-cial burden for those with diseases and their family members who care for them. Seventh, we need to address short-ages in our medical workforce by pro-moting education and programs at our universities and our medical schools that train physicians, nurses, and other health care officials and encourage them to practice in underserved areas through scholarship and loan repay-ment programs. Kansas is an example, as is your State, Madam President, where those rural areas and, addition-ally, those core centers of our cities lack so often the necessary health care providers. Eighth, in order to curb the prevent-able costs that often occur through un-necessary emergency room visits and untreated symptoms of disease, we should provide coverage to low-income Americans, despite their limited finan-cial means, in a financially sustainable way that ends up saving money in the long run. For all of us, the best reduc-tion in health care costs is wellness, fitness, diet, and nutrition. That also means early preventive care. It means early diagnosis, and we make certain that Americans have access to that di-agnosis and that early treatment. En-suring access to quality care with a focus on preventive health is an effec-tive way to limit high-cost health vis-its that place burdens on hospitals, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Jan 05, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.023 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S89 January 5, 2017 
physicians, our economy, and our health care system as a whole. Lastly, we can reform our medical li-ability system and reduce frivolous lawsuits that result in inflated pre-miums and the practice of defensive medicine, where doctors order every possible test out of fear of potential lawsuit. Doing so can save tens of bil-lions of dollars each year and make health care more affordable for more people. The bureaucracy that goes with the providing of health care needs to be simplified. I have often looked behind the desk when I go see my family phy-sician and wonder what all the people who are working there are doing. So much of it is not about patient care but navigating the system by which your health care bill, at least in part, gets paid. There is all the variety of in-surance forms. I know this in my life— the ability to understand that insur-ance document that arrives in the mail and sits on our kitchen table waiting for my wife or me to figure out what this means. I have seen this with my own parents when they were living— the amount of documents, paperwork, and forms and checks for $13.19 that ar-rived in my dad’s mailbox and trying to figure out with my parents: What does that mean? Why am I getting this? So much cost savings and so much anxiety and angst could be eliminated if we had a system that was much more uniform in its presentation, simpli-fying the way in which our health care bill gets paid by our insurance pro-vider, by Medicare, by Medicaid, or out of our own pocket. I would defy most Americans to be able, unfortunately, to understand what is the stuff that comes in the mail and what it means to them. As we move forward with trying to replace and improve access of Ameri-cans to health care—to affordable health care—I believe there are re-forms that will provide us with a good blueprint for how to start helping Kan-sans and all Americans across the country who have suffered under the deficiencies and the costs and the dam-age that comes from ObamaCare. I look forward to working with my colleagues—Republicans and Demo-crats—to find solutions to take advan-tage of this opportunity that we have. The American people—many American people, most American people—are hurting under this law, and they have spoken clearly numerous times. It is time for us to bring to them the changes that improve their lives by im-proving their health care, by improving their health, and by making sure that no American is worried about whether or not the necessary health care that they need or their family member needs is outside of their reach. Mr. CARPER. Will the Senator yield? Mr. MORAN. I yield. Mr. CARPER. It is great to see my friend from Kansas on the floor and looking forward to serving the next 6 years. One of the things I focused on as a member of the Finance Committee on the Affordable Care Act was the idea that we have doctors, hospitals, and nurses who in some cases provide en-tirely too many tests and procedures and so forth that are needed to treat somebody just in order to cover—as Naval aviation used to say—our 6 o’clock. You didn’t want to have some-body come up from behind you to shoot you down. So we talked about covering our 6 o’clock. Doctors, hospitals, and nurses spend a lot of time covering the 6 o’clock, as my friend knows. I am an Ohio State boy. I am going to say something nice about Michigan, which is really out of character here. In Michigan, the University of Michi-gan Medical School and hospital came up with a policy called Sorry Works. If a doctor, hospital, or nurse made a mistake that adversely affected a pa-tient, they apologized. The idea was to apologize, make up for it, make them whole, help them get well, cover their financial costs and so forth. It is called Sorry Works. It is a good idea. I met a guy who is a doctor and a lawyer—a Republican—from Illinois who took the idea of Sorry Works and he put it on steroids and they called it Seven Pillars. It has been a great ex-ample of what actually works to reduce the incidents of medical mistakes in hospitals and nursing homes and also to get better health care outcomes. You reduce medical malpractice costs, and you also get more satisfaction from the patient side. We have taken that idea in Dela-ware—Seven Pillars—at Christiana Care, which is the big health care de-livery system in our State. We have taken that and have begun to incor-porate it in the way they work. If I am your doctor and you are my patient and I perform a procedure on you, if you are harmed or hurt—not your fault, my fault—the idea is I apologize. I meet with you privately—no law-yers—and apologize for what has hap-pened and try to make you whole. If you lost wages, if you have pain and suffering, they pay your health care costs and make you whole. Don’t hide it. Don’t put it under the rug but take full acceptance, responsibility. That is one of the approaches being used to try to deal with medical malpractice costs. I think it is a good one. It is not the only good one, but it is one. I happened to be walking through the Chamber and heard my friend speak-ing, and I thought I would share that with you, with everyone. When I was Governor of Delaware, we used to meet with my Cabinet. We would be talking about a particular problem or challenge we faced in Dela-ware. I would say to my Cabinet: Some other State or some other Governor has actually addressed this issue. They figured out how to deal with this this. Our challenge is to find out what works and do more of that and to see if it can be transferred to Delaware. Sorry Works is a Michigan idea. It morphed into Seven Pillars in Illinois, and now it is being incorporated in my own little State in our big health care delivery system. It is something that works. I am not sorry that it works. I am glad that it works, and I am happy to share it with my friend from Kansas and whoever else might be interested. I yield. Mr. MORAN. I thank the Senator from Delaware, and I appreciate his comments. He did walk in just as I was talking about that particular issue of a series of things that I believe would improve the cost and affordability of health care. I thank the Senator for sharing his experience in Delaware and elsewhere and use that as an oppor-tunity to indicate that the cost savings that comes from that kind of reform is a positive, but we also want to make sure those who, through no fault of their own, are actually harmed are made whole to the best of our ability that this can be accomplished. Finally, I would use this as an oppor-tunity to point out that this Senate ought to work in a way in which the ideas of all 100 Members are considered in a respectful way as we try to find so-lutions to the access and affordability of health care. Again, I thank you for the time on the floor. Mr. CARPER. Madam President, if I could speak through the Chair. I failed to mention one thing about Sorry Works, Seven Pillars, and what we are doing in Delaware. If we have that meeting between the patient who had been harmed, the physician and provider, and they have the need where there is an apology and an offer to try to make the patient whole—no attor-neys involved—if the patient says no, I am not interested in doing that, noth-ing that is said in that conversation between the two of them can be used in a court of law, which I think is an in-teresting approach. We are anxious to see how it works over the next couple of years. Ironically, I was probably the only Democrat—maybe the only member of the Finance Committee—who was try-ing to get included in the Affordable Care Act provisions dealing with med-ical malpractice. I had this idea—not to let a thousand flowers bloom or ideas like that—to figure out five or six good ideas and put them on steroids to see if they actually work on a larger scale. I could not get a cosponsor on the other side of the aisle, which blew my mind. It still does. I could never understand that. In the meantime, the ideas are starting to crop up and flour-ish, and, hopefully, we can find out what works and do more of that. Thank you. Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I would welcome a membership on the Finance Committee, but I don’t have one at this stage or with my time in the Senate. Under either cir-cumstance—membership on the Fi-nance Committee or here in the entire Senate—I look forward to working with my friend and colleague, the dili-gent Senator from Delaware. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Jan 05, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.024 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES90 January 5, 2017 
I yield my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. CASSIDY. Madam President, I hear my Democratic colleagues prais-ing ObamaCare. I had to smile yester-day. I heard a colleague talking about how ObamaCare was addressing high pharmaceutical costs. I had to start laughing—and kind of a bitter laugh. Tell that to a senior who is paying $6,000 for her medicine, which before ObamaCare passed was a fraction of that. We hear how great it is that ObamaCare has given so many people coverage. Say how great that coverage is to someone who has a $6,000 deduct-ible—a $6,000 deductible—who does not have $400 in her checking account. There is a friend of mine—people don’t believe it so I put it on my Facebook page. He got his quote for him and his wife. They are 60 and 61 years of age. Their premium for 1 year was $39,000, each of them with $6,000 deductibles. Again, it is on my Facebook page be-cause otherwise no one would have be-lieved me. So when people speak about the af-fordable health care act, I have to laugh. If this is affordable, what would be unaffordable? We can clearly do bet-ter than this. I begin this speech by calling into question my Democratic colleague’s defense of ObamaCare, but we can have common ground. I applauded and still applaud the goals of those who support the Affordable Care Act. They wish to have coverage for all. Now, that is im-portant. For over 30 years, I have worked as a physician in a hospital for the uninsured. My medical practice has been geared toward bringing coverage, to bringing care to those who other-wise would not have it. As I look at this issue, I have to thank them for their motivation but have to recognize that the Affordable Care Act has not achieved that in a way which most Americans find afford-able. The other thing about ObamaCare is that it coerces Americans. It takes power from patients and States and gives it to Washington, DC, coercing the individual with mandates and pen-alties, taking away her right to choose. That is not where the American people wish to be. I would like to believe Republicans and Democrats can find common ground. I have introduced a replace-ment plan that would give States the power. I am willing to concede, the mi-nority leader believes that ObamaCare is working just fine in his State of New York. In my plan, we repeal ObamaCare on a Federal level, but if a State like California or New York thinks ObamaCare is working for them, God bless them. Under my plan, a State legislature would have the right to stay on ObamaCare. So here Congress would pass the legislation giving States the choice, and the State would either have the option we advance, which I think is superior—but when Republicans say that you can keep your health insur-ance if you wish, and we mean it, we mean it. If a State decided they wished to stay on ObamaCare, they could or if a State truly decides they want to have nothing at all to do with any of this, they can totally opt away from the Medicaid expansion, from any help for others in their State to purchase insur-ance, period. I think this recognizes that if the mi-nority leader wants to claim it is work-ing in New York, they can keep it, but clearly ObamaCare is not working in some other States. We can talk about Arizona, where briefly a county did not have a single insurance company pro-viding insurance and where premiums increased by as much as 100 percent. We can look at Louisiana, my State, where that quote I gave earlier—a fel-low and his wife, $39,000 for 1 year’s premium. Clearly, ObamaCare markets are fail-ing there. So let’s repeal ObamaCare, give the States the power, allowing them to choose the system that will work for them. Now, health care cost is important. Under our bill, we make health care more affordable by giving the patient the choice, the power, if you will, of price transparency. Under ObamaCare, we have seen prices rise out of control. A lack of price trans-parency keeps providers from having to compete which takes away the con-sumer’s power of choice. You can see this power of choice price transparency. Fifteen years ago, LASIK surgery cost $1,000 an eye or $875 an eye, with more for astigmatism. Now you can drive down the street and you see a billboard—a billboard—that says: LASIK surgery $275 an eye. So over a period of time, when everything has increased, LASIK surgery has come down—the power of price transparency. Another example I like to use is of a woman, a physician, went for her mam-mogram. She wanted to pay cash. They talked her out of it. No. No. No. We don’t even know what to charge you. OK. I won’t pay cash. They billed her insurance company. She later found that if she had paid cash for her mammogram, it would have cost her $90. As it turns out, they billed the insurance company $500. Her deductible was $100. She was actually out $10 because they billed her insur-ance company. She should have known that price going into it. One more example. If a doctor orders a CT scan, the cash price, according to an LA Times article a few years ago in the Los Angeles Basin, varied from $250 to $2,500. Unless you are an investiga-tive reporter for the LA Times, able to call up and get that cash price, you otherwise would not know. I guess maybe it sometimes helps to have an-other example. Would anyone buy a car if they did not know the price of the car beforehand? Yet that is routinely done with health care. Under the legislation I and Senator C
OLLINS have introduced in the Senate, and I and PETE SESSIONS have intro-duced in the House of Representatives, people will know what the cash price is. I have found, working in a hospital for the uninsured, that when you the give the patient the information and power they need to know to make the better decisions, you get better out-comes. By the way, we have been told that Republicans don’t have a plan. The plans I am speaking of now are drafted in legislative language—legislative lan-guage, again, that would repeal ObamaCare, put in price transparency, and return decisionmaking power to the patient. We should repeal the indi-vidual mandate, repeal the employer mandate, prevent the Federal Govern-ment, the long arm of the Federal Gov-ernment from reaching into someone’s household, forcing them to do some-thing they don’t wish to do. There should be an alternative. Under both the World’s Greatest Health Care Plan—the bill I introduced with P
ETE SESSIONS —or the Patient Freedom Act that I have S
USAN COL-
LINS as a cosponsor, we take all of the money a State would receive had they done the Medicaid expansion and those eligible to be signed up for the ObamaCare exchanges, and we give that money to the State to allow them to give tax credits to those who are eli-gible. These tax credits could only be used for health insurance. If the patient did nothing, she would have a health sav-ings account, catastrophic policy with a pharmacy benefit. She could use the health savings account as first-dollar coverage. Now, under ObamaCare, $6,000 de-ductible. Under our plan, the patient has first-dollar coverage, so if her daughter has an earache and she takes her daughter to the urgent care center, she can cover that visit with a health savings account that would be funded with this credit. They also have cata-strophic major medical coverage, so if they get in that car wreck, take them to the emergency room, sky-high pric-ing, they are protected from medical bankruptcy. Under our replacement plan, we also give States the option to say that if someone in our State is eligible, they are automatically enrolled. I smile when I say that covers two popu-lations, the person who may live under a park bench and does not have his life together to otherwise do it, and the other population would be my 22-year- old son and those like him, those young folks who never think they are going to get ill so they never sign up for insurance. Without them being in the pool, we end up with a sicker pool. That is what has happened with ObamaCare. By the way, it would be easy to imag-ine you could end up with 95 percent enrollment of those eligible should the State decide to go this way. The time-frame for our replacement would be simple. In year one, say 2017 Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:59 Jan 05, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.026 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S91 January 5, 2017 
passes the enabling legislation, which in year 2018 allows the State to choose between these three options; in 2019, the State would implement the option it chooses; and by the end of 2019, we have made the transition from repeal to replace, to implementation. Folks ask: Would I lose my coverage? I am a physician. I am going to give my perspective: a patient I might see who has breast cancer. She does not like ObamaCare. She voted for Donald Trump, but she is on the bubble finan-cially. She is not sure she can afford coverage, but she has breast cancer. As bad as ObamaCare is, at least she is getting some care. Now she is having to put out all this money first, but still she is getting some care. If we keep her in the prism through which we look at this problem so that in the transition from ObamaCare to better coverage she con-tinues to have her therapy, so at the end of this, not only does she have bet-ter coverage, but she has health and re-covery from breast cancer, we have done our job. That is our Republican goal, to keep our prism as that woman who is vulnerable from a sickness she has now. In our transition, she does not lose coverage; she merely moves to bet-ter coverage. I introduced the Patient Freedom Act with 12 Senate cosponsors in 2015 and then again teamed up with Rep-resentative P
ETESESSIONS in 2016 to in-troduce the World’s Greatest Health Care Plan. That is truly its name. T
OM P
RICE, our soon-to-be HHS Secretary, first introduced his Empowering Pa-tients First Act to the House of Rep-resentatives in 2014. Speaker P
AUL R
YAN, Representative F RED UPTON , Senators R
ICHARD BURR, and O RRIN H
ATCH have also outlined plans for comprehensive health care reform. All of these plans create a new sys-tem that returns power of choice to pa-tients and to States. Simple provisions as I have described such as health sav-ings accounts, instituting free market values, if we put them into a replace-ment plan now, we will quickly have an effect upon millions. Republicans have worked hard to lay the groundwork to repeal and replace ObamaCare. President-elect Trump has said he wants repeal and replace to happen at the same time. He promised both. We should fulfill both promises. Our ma-jority leader has said we can do a bet-ter job as Republicans covering more people. We have the principles, the ideas, and the plans ready to go so let’s put them to use. We owe it to the American people to carry out that re-placement now with a smooth transi-tion so the insured population can grow without anyone losing coverage in the process. Republicans are committed to cre-ating and passing effective health care legislation to replace ObamaCare and to bring real coverage to all Ameri-cans. Now is the time to do so. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I rise today in support of S. Con. Res. 3 and the ongoing effort to repeal the most harmful elements of the so-called Af-fordable Care Act. While our friends on the other side of the aisle have been trying to convince the American people that there is nothing to see here and that this poor-ly named law is working according to plan, the vast majority of our citizens know the truth: ObamaCare just doesn’t work. According to the results of a recent Gallup poll, 80 percent of Americans want Congress to either change the Af-fordable Care Act significantly or re-peal and replace it altogether. Let me repeat that. Eight out of every 10 peo-ple in this country agree that the sta-tus quo is unacceptable and that we need a major change in what is going on around here. We need a major course correction in our health care system. It is not hard to see why this is the case. After all, under ObamaCare, the cost of health insurance has increased dramatically and will continue to do so well into the future. Under ObamaCare, individuals and families are being left with fewer and fewer choices when it comes to buying health insurance. Under ObamaCare, patients have fewer op-tions and reduced access to health care providers. Under ObamaCare, the American people have been hit with steep taxes, burdensome mandates, and a health care system that simply does not meet their needs. This year alone, premiums in the benchmark plan for the ObamaCare ex-changes have gone up by an average of 25 percent, and in some parts of the country, the increases have been sig-nificantly larger than that. In addi-tion, over the past 2 years, insurance plans have been dropping out of mar-kets all over the country. As a result, it is estimated that more than half of the counties in the United States will have two or fewer available health in-surance plans on the exchanges—and that is this year—and about a third of them have only one available option. I am quite certain that every single Member of this Chamber has heard from a number of their constituents about these problems, about the prob-lems they have faced as the Affordable Care Act has been implemented. I know I have. A number of Utahns have writ-ten to me to express their concerns about the increases in their insurance premiums. For example, last month, Austin from Provo, UT, told me that due to the growing cost of his insur-ance plan, ‘‘I’m going to have to drop the insurance and face the penalty next year. I’m worried because, as a young husband and father, I’m barely making ends meet, and I’m not sure I can af-ford to pay the penalty for not having insurance.’’ Similarly, Eryn from Spanish Fork, UT, noted that because her family’s previous insurer dropped out of the Utah marketplace, the re-maining plan that best met her fam-ily’s needs was ‘‘a plan with a small list of in-network providers and no cov-erage for out-of-network providers.’’ She continued, saying that under this new plan, ‘‘We will have a higher de-ductible ($13,000 for the family), we will have to pay the full cost of any visit to the doctor . . . and we will not be able to save as much money in our Health Savings Account each month because of the high premiums, which add up to $11,000 a year. . . . The premium is ba-sically another mortgage payment for us, only we have no property to show for it. This is too much.’’ No family should have to choose be-tween paying their mortgage and pay-ing for their health insurance. Yet, with all of ObamaCare’s failures and broken promises, families throughout the country are currently having to make those kinds of choices. Unfortunately, it does not get any better from here, not without a major change to the status quo. In fact, I think it is safe to say that if we fail to act, the worst is yet to come. There-fore, it is only fitting that we begin this new Congress by repealing ObamaCare and setting the stage for workable reforms that will actually bring down costs, provide more op-tions, and let the American people— and not Washington bureaucrats— make their own health care choices. The budget resolution before us is the first step in this effort. As we all know, the resolution con-tains reconciliation instructions to the relevant committees, including the Senate Finance Committee, which I chair, to draft legislation to repeal ObamaCare. So after approving this resolution, the next step will be for the Finance Committee, the HELP Com-mittee, as well as the Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce Committees over in the House, to get to work on putting together a repeal package. This process will be more difficult than it sounds. We don’t want to be reckless, and we don’t want to inflict more harm on the American people or our health care system; therefore, in addition to repealing ObamaCare, the legislation we draft pursuant to this budget reso-lution will have to include a stable transition period to give us the time and space we need to provide more sen-sible reforms. Under the budget resolution, the leg-islation to repeal ObamaCare and pro-vide that transition period will need to be reported to the Budget Committee by January 27. Then both the House and Senate will debate the legislation, hopefully passing it by simple majority votes and sending it to the desk of the incoming President. Once we pass this repeal legislation, we will come to the most important step in the process: re-placing ObamaCare with a health care system worthy of the American people. This will not be a simple endeavor. It is going to take a great deal of work, and it will almost certainly require the efforts of people from both parties. The Finance Committee is going to have a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.028 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES92 January 5, 2017 
major role to play throughout this process of repealing ObamaCare, pro-viding for a secure transition, and re-placing the law with more effective re-forms. Our committee has jurisdiction over all the major Federal health pro-grams, including Medicare and Med-icaid. In addition, we will have juris-diction over the tax provisions, which include all of ObamaCare’s harmful taxes as well as the premium tax cred-its provided to purchase plans in the ObamaCare exchanges. I have spoken at length to my Repub-lican colleagues on the Finance Com-mittee about these issues, and all of them are ready and willing to do what-ever is necessary to put our Nation’s health care system on a more respon-sible path. We are going to get it done. In that I have no doubts. To be sure, the first few steps in this effort are going to happen quickly. Once again, the plan is to produce re-peal legislation before the end of this month. This, of course, is how it has to be. The American people don’t have the time for us to wait around on these issues, and we don’t have the luxury of sitting back and watching the prob-lems get worse over time. The prob-lems facing our health care system are growing by the day. We need to take the swiftest possible action. We intend to act quickly and me-thodically to begin providing relief for the millions of Americans who are cur-rently suffering as a result of ObamaCare and the unworkable system it has created. As I noted, if that effort is going to be successful, it should be bipartisan. Both Congress and the in-coming administration will need to work together. 
CABINET NOMINATIONS  
On that point, Madam President, I do want to note that my friends on the other side of the aisle have as recently as this morning made a number of statements and issued several demands with regard to the process for consid-ering and confirming the President- elect’s Cabinet nominees. According to my colleagues’ statements, they want multiple rounds of hearings on every nominee, which, by the way, is unprec-edented. This morning, they even went further, issuing demands that certain preconditions be met before hearings could even be held on a particular nom-ination. These tactics are, to put it bluntly, preposterous. My colleagues are certainly free to oppose any nomi-nee and to try to convince others to do the same. It is unfortunate that they have decided to go further by politi-cizing the process by which we consider nominations. Speaking for the Senate Finance Committee, I have to say that we have an established set of vetting procedures for all executive branch nominees. Re-publicans and Democrats alike have those particular procedures. That proc-ess has been in place for decades and has traditionally been bipartisan. By all accounts, the Finance Com-mittee’s longstanding vetting process is exceptionally thorough and fair, and it is deeply regrettable that some of our colleagues would try to undermine that process and not provide the in-coming Trump administration’s nomi-nees the same respect and regard our committee has provided for nominees in the Obama administration and prior administrations as well. As chairman, I take this process very seriously. I have made no efforts to abbreviate or short- circuit our procedures for any nominee and have no intention of doing so in the future. I am certain all of our chairmen here in the Senate can say the same thing. My hope is that my colleagues will stop politicizing this process at every step and allow the Senate to function as it has under both Republican and Democratic administrations. My friends on the other side may not like the results of the recent election, but their disappointment of the outcome is no justification for reinventing the way we do business here in the Senate. I hope we will all take this into con-sideration and we will start cooper-ating with each other and get this gov-ernment moving again and that we will support and sustain these people who are qualified and good people who are being chosen by the Trump-elect ad-ministration. I think it is important that we do these things and do them carefully and that we treat each other with the respect that is well deserved in this body. I hope that the petty, cheap politics will be discontinued. Mr. President, with that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. HOEVEN ). The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I en-joyed listening to the comments of my colleague from Utah about the Afford-able Care Act, and I wanted to expand on that a little if I could. I know we are having a discussion right now about whether to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, and we are fo-cused a lot on what the timeframe might be and what the replacement might be, which is appropriate, but we also have to remind ourselves as to how we got here. We got here because the Affordable Care Act has not met its promises and has let down the people of Ohio and people around the country. Millions of these families have already had a tough time experiencing really a mid-dle-class squeeze of flat wages, even de-clining wages, on average, over the last decade or so, and now higher costs. That squeeze is accelerated by the cost of health care which has gone up dra-matically. In my own State of Ohio, the Ohio Department of Insurance has reported a 91-percent increase in the individual market in Ohio in the last 6 years, an 80-percent increase for small businesses that are purchasing Affordable Care Act-compliant plans. This is since the Affordable Care Act went into effect. Think about that. There has been al-most a doubling of health care pre-mium costs. Who can afford that? Peo-ple certainly can’t afford that as their wages are flat or even declining. According to the Kaiser Family Health Foundation, average family pre-miums since the Affordable Care Act was put into place have increased by more than $4,700. Recall that one of the promises of the Affordable Care Act was that costs would go down, on aver-age, $2,500 per family. Exactly the op-posite has happened. In fact, there has been an almost doubling, with a $4,700 increase. I don’t think families got that kind of pay increase to be able to afford that. They certainly haven’t in Ohio. So this is a huge problem. To make matters worse, we think these cost in-creases are continuing to escalate in our State and around the country. In Ohio, premiums grew this year in 2017—on average, 13 percent higher than in 2016. So there have been dou-ble-digit increases in 1 year. With two plans in particular, premiums went up by 39 percent in Ohio. So for some fam-ilies it was much worse than that. We have had good leadership in Ohio with Governor Kasich and Lt. Gov. Mary Taylor, who is also the insurance com-missioner in our State, and because of that we have done a better job of try-ing to control these costs, but in many parts of the country, the situation is getting even worse. Nationally, premiums are increasing by 25 percent just this year. In Arizona, they are doubling. In Tennessee, they are rising 63 percent. In Pennsylvania, right next door to Ohio, they are rising 32 percent. I can go on and on. I am sure North Dakota has had similar problems, as the Presiding Officer can tell us about. Some people might be able to afford these higher premiums, but I think we just can’t afford it. I heard Senator H
ATCH talk about having to make a choice between pay-ing your rent or being able to pay your premium. That is what I hear in Ohio as I talk to people who are struggling and are now being hit with these huge expenses. Unless we take action, there is no light at the end of the tunnel. The Congressional Budget Office, which is a nonpartisan group in Con-gress, and also the Joint Committee on Taxation projected that unless we do something to change the status quo, premiums will continue to skyrocket. They say they will grow by at least 5 percent per year over the next decade. By the way, that is far faster than they assume wages are going to grow so the squeeze will continue. The law was advertised as something that would ‘‘bend the cost curve,’’ meaning we would begin to see a reduc-tion in the costs of health care, but health care costs have gone up, not down, and on top of that, American people had to pay hundreds of billions of dollars every year in taxes for this new law. There are 19 tax increases in the Affordable Care Act. Some of these, like the Cadillac tax, are very unpopu-lar, even among Democrats and Repub-licans. So we are hoping we can deal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.029 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S93 January 5, 2017 
with that with any kind of repeal effort immediately. Another goal of this law, we were supposed to be increasing access to health care. Let’s talk about that for a second. We heard different things on the floor about that. About 6 million people lost health insurance they liked as a direct result of this law going into effect. About 6 million Americans were told their coverage is no longer ade-quate because it didn’t meet the man-dates so they will lose their coverage. President Obama told the American people, I am told, 37 different times that if they liked their doctor, they could keep their doctor. Of course, that turned out not to be true. When you lose your health care plan and lose your doctor, you don’t feel like those promises have been kept. The outside fact checker called PolitiFact rated that as the Lie of the Year for 2013. That is the outside group that looks at what we elected officials say is going to happen and then com-pares it to what actually happens. By the way, it still is not true. One in five ObamaCare customers were forced to find a new insurance company for this year. So the Congressional Budget Office that I mentioned and the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, these nonpartisan groups, now project that 27 million Americans are still uninsured today. Under the status quo, if we don’t take action, they say that will be the case for the next decade. So this notion that everybody is going to get covered just hasn’t happened. By the way, that is about 1 in 10 people in our workforce, even after hundreds of billions of dol-lars of taxpayer dollars have been spent on the Affordable Care Act, in-cluding these 19 new tax increases. A lot of people have told me: R
OB, I have health insurance, but I really don’t because my deductible is so high. So, forgetting the premiums for a sec-ond, to pay for health care, just the an-nual deductible has gone out of sight. There are some plans where a deduct-ible for a family might be $8, $9, $10,000 a year. That is not really health care because you end up paying all that money out of pocket. The average de-ductible for a midlevel plan for ObamaCare, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation, went up to $2,500 the year before last, 2015, to more than $3,000 last year, an increase of about 25 percent in just 1 year. You see that in increases in deductibles and copays, not just in the premiums. National insurers have lost billions of dollars on the Affordable Care Act exchanges, and a lot of them pulled their plans from the States. This is a real problem because if you don’t have competition or choice out there, you will not get the costs down. I see in my own State of Ohio we lost one-third of the companies on the exchanges just this year. We have gone from 17 compa-nies offering insurance on the ex-changes in 2016, last year, to this year having just 11—so 17 companies going down to 11 companies. We now have 20 of our counties—there are 88 counties in Ohio—20 of our counties have only 1 insurer. This is also true nationally. About one-third of the counties around the United States only have one in-surer. Again, this leads to higher costs, less choice, less competition. Quality also goes down because you don’t have competition for the beneficiaries. It also affects the issue of premiums going up, deductibles going up, copays going up, and the middle-class squeezed. So the President’s health care law certainly failed at its own goals that were laid out in the promises that were made. It was supposed to create jobs, too, which is a different issue. What is the economic effect of this? Having more people covered is a good thing. We all want that. But what is the eco-nomic impact on the way the Afford-able Care Act was put into place? We are looking at the weakest recovery in the history of our country from a re-cession still. Unfortunately, we haven’t seen the strong economic growth we hoped for and had anticipated after a deep recession. Some of the reason for that, in my view, is health care. Health care costs went up dramatically. Peo-ple are paying a lot more for health care, not being able to get ahead, small businesses having higher and higher costs. If you look at the latest jobs report, it is interesting. The Bureau of Labor Statistics tells us that 5.7 million Americans now are stuck in part-time work who want full-time work. These are people who are looking for a full- time job but only have a part-time job. Why is that? The economy is not work-ing as it should. It is not generating enough growth to create job opportuni-ties full-time, but it is also because of these mandates under the Affordable Care Act. I can tell you, economists may differ on the impact of this, but go talk to people about it. I was in Chillicothe, OH, and some-one came up to me and asked: Can you help me; because my employer is say-ing I can only work 28 hours a week. I figured out what it was about. She was a fast-food employee. I asked her: What did they say? And she said it was be-cause of health care. What does that mean? It means that under ObamaCare, if you work under 30 hours a week, you are not covered by the mandates and the new costs, so some employers are going to say we are keeping you under 30 hours a week. That has led to more part-time work. In this particular case, the woman said: I have to find another part-time job and I have kids at home and this is tough. And I said: Well, the answer to this, in part, is to change the health care law; that is, to take out some of the mandates and requirements and make it more pro-growth and pro-job rather than the current situation. There are tens of thousands of new pages of regulations in this new law. It forces small businesses—and I am a small business person. I can tell you that I have burned a lot of time and ef-fort to try to figure it out. You can go to consultants and pay them a bunch of money, and they will tell you they are not sure what it means either. This is one of the big issues that doesn’t get talked about much with the Affordable Care Act; that it is really hard for busi-nesses to figure out what they are sup-posed to do, particularly small busi-nesses that don’t have that kind of ex-pertise inhouse. Those costs could go toward having more employees, they could go into reinvesting in business, plants and equipment, but they are going into trying to figure this thing out. I don’t doubt the good intentions of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who support this legislation. We all want to see more coverage and see health care costs go down, but that is not what is happening. Before the Affordable Care Act went into effect, the CBO estimated that 26 million Americans would be enrolled in a plan in 2016. That is what they esti-mated. The Congressional Budget Of-fice said 26 million would be enrolled in a plan in 2016. The actual number was 12.7 million, less than half. So, again, it hasn’t met its own promises and pro-jections. The co-ops are another failure. There was a debate on the floor just before I got elected about should there be a public option so everybody would have an option to get into an exchange. We said let’s put together these co-ops. They will be nonprofit. They will work great. We will set up co-ops around the country. There were 23 co-ops set up, including 1 in Ohio. We now see that 15 of the 23 co-ops have gone insolvent. I will tell you that last spring, when 22,000 Ohioans lost their health care be-cause the co-op went belly up, it was tough because they had to scramble and find a new health care plan quick-ly. More than 860,000 Americans—peo-ple who were encouraged by this law to sign up for these co-op plans—had to scramble to find new coverage because of a failed co-op. It is tough on these families. It is also tough on the taxpayer. We did an investigation of this under the Permanent Subcommittee on Inves-tigations, and we looked at what was happening to these families and we also looked at what was happening to the taxpayer. At that time, when only about half of the co-ops had gone under, rather than two-thirds, $1.2 bil-lion of taxpayer money had already been spent on these co-ops. That money isn’t coming back to the Treas-ury, meaning this is money that will probably never be repaid. Again, part of the problem with our deficit is that ObamaCare and the Affordable Care Act is so expensive, and the co-ops in particular just wasted money. Among the surviving co-ops, 3 have not yet en-rolled 25,000 members. In other words, they are not enrolling enough members even if they are surviving. So the non-partisan Government Accountability 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.032 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES94 January 5, 2017 
Office, GAO, issued a report in March which confirmed the results of our in-vestigation, and it indicates that this money, the $1.2 billion, has now in-creased substantially because more of the co-ops have gone under. Many of those 22,000 Ohio families who were in the co-op had already paid deductibles in the plans they thought they could count on. Think about it. They paid hundreds of thousands of dollars in health care costs to get up to their deductible, and then all of a sud-den they found out that they had to go to a new plan and they had to start all over again. So it is adding insult to in-jury. They lost their plan and they had to scramble to find one and then they found out they have all these out-of- pocket expenses again because al-though they met their deductible under the old plan, they have to start again in the new plan. This is not the way it ought to be. It is just not fair. These families did nothing wrong. All they did was what they were told to do, to sign up for these co-ops. I think these are just symptoms of the problem. The diagnosis is clear. The Affordable Care Act is a bad law, bad economics, and bad health care policy. It hasn’t worked. I think it is difficult to make the other argument. The President’s health care law hasn’t worked, not because it didn’t have good intentions but because it tried to achieve those good intentions by forc-ing millions of people to buy a product they didn’t want after losing a product they did want, including a $2 billion taxpayer-funded Web site that didn’t work. If you recall, they had problems with the Affordable Care Act Web site and unfortunately potentially exposed a lot of personal information of many of these individuals to hackers. As I talked about, even those who have insurance often have limited ac-cess to providers because the deduct-ible is so high that they can’t afford their health care. With higher costs and fewer choices, the American people, by and large, are dissatisfied with the plan, the Afford-able Care Act, just as they were when it was enacted. A CBS poll last month has shown that more people disapprove of the law then approve of it. A Gallup poll in November found that 8 in 10 Americans want the law repealed or significantly changed—8 in 10 Ameri-cans. Why? Because they have seen it. By the way, most Americans were not in the exchanges, but they still felt it. Think about this. When a company is involved in the exchanges and losing money, and many of these companies are losing hundreds of billions of dol-lars a year, what they are doing is they are cost-shifting onto private plans, onto employer-based plans, and raising the costs for other Americans. This is part of the reason health care costs have gone up generally, not just in the exchanges but overall. I have certainly seen this firsthand in Ohio. Constituents have been con-tacting me for the last 6 years to tell me how this health care law has af-fected them. There is a father of five who wrote to me after the cost of the family’s insurance doubled. Another man saw his $100 deductible soar to $4,000 while his premiums hit $1,000 a month. I still remember the letter I received from Dean from Sandusky. He lost his job in 2009 as so many other Americans did during the recession. Because he lost his job, he had to go on the indi-vidual market to buy health insurance. He picked out a plan that worked for him and his family. He liked it and he bought it. Once the President’s health care law went into effect, that plan was discontinued because it didn’t meet the mandates and requirements of the new law. He found himself high and dry. He, too, had to buy another plan that was twice as expensive, and it cost him more than half of his pension—because that is his income. It is his pension. So not only did he lose his job, but then he was saddled with a plan he couldn’t af-ford and a much more expensive cost of living. He didn’t do anything wrong, but because of a failed, mistaken ap-proach that Congress took to health care reform, he has now had to struggle to make ends meet. Susan from Batavia also wrote to me. She is a single mom. She lost the plan she liked because of the President’s health care plan. She wrote and said: I stay in shape. I watch my diet. I exer-cise regularly. I do all the right things. I had a high-deductible, low-cost plan, but under the President’s new health care law, I had to change my plan. Her coverage, by the way, was for double the price of the premium. A sin-gle mom; tough to afford it. Another, Susan from Columbus, OH, wrote to me and told me that she works for a small business of 12 em-ployees. When the health care law went into effect, their rates went up nearly 30 percent in 1 year. Small businesses and new businesses cannot afford that. I cannot tell you how many small busi-nesses I have been to where I asked them: What have your premiums done over the last several years, and they tell me: Double digit, R
OB. Double digit. If we get an increase in the low double digit, that is a good thing. Again, there is no place for that to come from except for wages and bene-fits and cutting back on employees—in some cases, again, not expanding a plan that they otherwise would have because of this health care law. It doesn’t have to be this way. We can enact real health care reform that uses the market forces that help to in-crease competition, that requires in-surance companies to compete for our business, that allows people to get the plan they want, looking all around the country for what works best for them. This burdensome health care law is standing in the way of real reforms right now. It is hurting families in Ohio and across the country. The health care market was far from perfect before this law so I am not ar-guing that the status quo is acceptable. I think we have to do things not just to repeal ObamaCare but to replace the Affordable Care Act with reforms that make better sense. We had issues be-fore, but it has gone to worse, not bet-ter. It accelerated the problems. I hope that over the next couple of months, as we talk about this, we will be able to come up with a replacement plan that makes sense. Republicans and Democrats alike need to come to the table on this because, again, I have listed today all the reasons the current law is not working. The status quo is not acceptable. I think it is very hard to argue that it is. That means all of us have a responsibility to say: OK. How do we fix this? How do we come to-gether, Republicans and Democrats alike—not on a partisan basis as was done last time—to figure out a way to do it together? We need to come to-gether to make sure the people we rep-resent have the chance to get the health care they want for them and their families, that fits them, where they can have costs that are affordable, where they can have quality health care that is good for them and their families, where it can be patient-cen-tered, and we can give people the af-fordable care they deserve. I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that at 2:45 p.m. there be 2 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form, prior to the vote in re-lation to Kaine amendment No. 8. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ENZI. I yield the floor. AMENDMENT NO . 8 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 8, offered by the Sen-ator from Virginia, Mr. K
AINE. The Senator from Virginia. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I have spoken about this previously. The budget that is on the floor really isn’t a budget; it is more of a focused attack on health care for millions of Ameri-cans. Amendment No. 8, which I have offered with Senator M
URPHY and oth-ers, is an attempt to stop the majority from passing a health care repeal through a fast-track process. The amendment does one thing: It creates a budget point of order against any legis-lation that would either reduce the number of Americans enrolled in public or private health insurance, increase health insurance premiums, or reduce the scope and quality of benefits pro-vided. I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.033 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S95 January 5, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, this amend-ment is corrosive to the privilege of the budget resolution, meaning that it is outside the scope of what is appro-priate for a budget resolution. Any in-appropriate amendment could be fatal to the privilege of this resolution, which would destroy our efforts to re-peal ObamaCare. In other words, a vote in favor of this amendment is a vote against repealing ObamaCare. In addition, this amendment is not germane to this budget resolution. This budget resolution is much more focused than a typical budget resolu-tion. The Congressional Budget Act re-quires that the amendment to a budget resolution be germane. Since this amendment does not meet the standard required by budget law, a point of order would lie. As such, I raise a point of order under section 305(b)(2) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive section 305(b) of that act for purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 48, nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 2 Leg.] YEAS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C AS-
SIDY). On this vote, the yeas are 48, the nays are 52. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained and the amendment falls. Who yields time? If no one yields time, the time will be charged equally to both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. UNITED NATIONS RESOLUTION ON ISRAEL  
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, in the final days of the Obama administration’s second term, with all eyes focused on the President-elect, the temptation to try to take a dramatic action to seal a cherished policy legacy must have been almost irresistible. So it proved for President Obama on December 23, 2016, when he betrayed decades of robust bi-partisan American support for Israel at the United Nations by abstaining from a completely biased resolution that condemns our close friend and ally Israel and condemns all the so-called settlement activity, defined as any construction in any territory won by Israel in the Six-Day War. U.S. policy for decades has been to stand up for Israel at the United Na-tions, a hot bed of anti-Semitism that discriminately condemns Israel more than any country in the world, particu-larly when resolutions are being of-fered up that are outrageously biased, that attempt to predetermine the out-come of negotiations, that prejudge the basis for negotiations, or that try to dictate terms to Israel. We have seen this pattern of appeal-ing to the United Nations from the Obama administration over and over with disastrous deals—the nuclear deal with the Islamic Republic of Iran, as well as the U.N. Convention on Climate Change, two international agreements that significantly threaten the secu-rity and prosperity of the United States. Both of them should have been submitted to this body, the Senate, as treaties. But the President chose instead to try to impose them through the United Nations because he knew that they would never be ratified by the Senate, even when this Senate had a Demo-cratic majority. So the Obama admin-istration’s strategy, instead, has been to curb American power by subjugating our national interests to the globalist agenda of the U.N., a policy that he is now attempting to extend to Israel. Here are some of the main problems with UNSC Resolution 2334. First, it is an attack on Israeli sovereignty, as it falsely defines as illegal under inter-national law building activity within Israel’s own borders, which should be an internal Israeli issue. The historical connection of the Jewish people to the land of Israel did not begin in 1967. Let us not forget that the Six-Day War was a defensive war fought almost 50 years ago by the Jewish state against the Palestinians and their Arab enablers, who were gathering in a con-certed effort to wipe Israel off the map. Against all odds, Israel won quickly and decisively and the map was redrawn to ensure that Israel was not endangered by its own borders, the weakness of which Israel’s enemies had attempted to exploit. Of course, the defeated party, the Palestinians, have not accepted this outcome. Israel has time and again in-vited them to negotiate a resolution— just one that involves Israel’s contin-ued existence as a Jewish state, some-thing that the Palestinian Authority has over and over refused to acknowl-edge or accept. Therein lies the bottom line for Israeli security. The pre-1967 lines proved indefensible. So rather than, as the Obama administration, treat them as some sort of gold standard, Israel’s security interest has deemed them in-tolerable and any resolution to this issue should not be dictated by the United States or the United Nations but rather should be negotiated and de-cided upon directly by the sovereign nation of Israel and by the Palestin-ians. Secondly, the resolution falsely claims that Israel’s sovereignty over the eastern part of Jerusalem and areas that it controls after the Six-Day War, including Judea and Samaria, are supposedly ‘‘occupied Palestinian terri-tory’’. This is nothing short of absurd. What that means is that, under the terms of the United Nations resolution that the Obama administration acqui-esced to—indeed, there are consider-able reports that the Obama adminis-tration, President Obama, and John Kerry actively encouraged and facili-tated it—the Jewish Quarter, the Old City of Jerusalem, is illegal and illegit-imate and not justifiably a part of Israel. Under the terms of that resolu-tion, the location of holy sites for the Jewish people, including the most im-portant holy site, the Temple Mount, is illegal and illegitimate to be a part of Israel. Under the terms of the resolu-tion, the Western Wall, where Jews from all over the world go to pray, is deemed ‘‘occupied Palestinian terri-tory,’’ illegal and illegitimate. It is more than a little ironic that President Obama went to the Western Wall to place a yarmulke there, pre-tending to show respect to Israel, and yet his administration, in an outgoing act of contempt, declares the Western Wall not part of the nation of Israel. This couldn’t be further from the truth. It was also an affront to Jews around the world that the resolution was adopted on the eve of Hanukkah. For 8 days, Jews lit candles all over the world to remember the miracle that happened there, and to commemorate the heroic battle fought by the Mac-cabees that liberated Jerusalem and re-stored their right to worship freely and the rededication of the Temple in Jeru-salem. How ironic it is that on the eve of a celebration liberating Jerusalem and rededicating the Temple in Jeru-salem, the Obama administration and the United Nations would declare that Jerusalem and the Temple are not le-gitimately part of Israel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.035 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES96 January 5, 2017 
How disgraceful—the United States should be not be facilitating the adop-tion of a resolution that at its core at-tempts to distort and rewrite recent history as well as the historical con-nection of the Jewish people to the land of Israel that goes back thousands of years. Third, the resolution will also help fuel the Palestinian diplomatic, eco-nomic, and legal warfare campaign against Israel, particularly because of its provision that calls on states to make a distinction in their dealings with Israel between pre-1967 Israel and Israel beyond the 1967 lines, encour-aging boycotts, divestments, and sanc-tions against Israel and potentially leading to Israelis and Americans being brought in front of the International Criminal Court. Palestinian leaders are already prom-ising to use this resolution to push the International Criminal Court to launch a formal investigation against Israel. That was not an unintended con-sequence of this action. That was pre-cisely the intent of the United Nations and the Obama administration—to fa-cilitate assaults on the nation of Israel. Yet even after this disgraceful United Nations resolution, it was clear that the administration was not yet done, with Secretary of State John Kerry de-livering just days later a truly shame-ful speech attacking Israel. His speech, very much like Kerry’s 2014 remarks likening Israel to an apartheid state, will only enflame rising anti-Semitism in Europe. It will encourage the mullahs, who hate Israel and hate America, and it will further facilitate ‘‘lawfare,’’ the growing assaults on Israel through transnational legal fora. President Obama and John Kerry’s actions were designed to secure a leg-acy, and in that, they have succeeded. History will record and the world will note that Barack Obama and John Kerry are relentless enemies of Israel. Kerry’s speech drew a stunning moral equivalence between our great friend and ally Israel and the Palestinian Au-thority, which is currently formed by a ‘‘unity’’ government with the vicious terrorists of Hamas. Secretary Kerry declared the Hamas regime and Gaza ‘‘radical’’ in the same way that he declared the duly elected Government of Israel ‘‘extreme.’’ That moral equivalence is false, and it is a lie. The IDF, defending the people of Israel, protecting people, and keeping them safe, is not the same moral equiv-alent of terrorists who strap bombs to their bodies and seek to murder inno-cent women and children. Kerry declared the vicious terrorism sponsored by Hamas equal to the Israeli settlements in the West Bank, and he equated Israel’s celebration of its birth with the Palestinian descrip-tion of this event as the ‘‘disaster.’’ Unlike Barack Obama and John Kerry, I do not consider the existence and creation of Israel to be a disaster, and the Government of the United States should not be suggesting such a thing. Kerry’s speech attempted to lay out a historic and seismic shift toward the delegitimization of our ally Israel. It is a sign of their radicalism and refusal to defend American interests that Obama and Kerry chose to attack the only in-clusive democracy in the Middle East— a strong, steadfast ally of America— while simultaneously turning a blind eye to the Islamic terrorism that grows daily. Unfortunately, President Obama still has 2 weeks left in his Presidency, and he may not yet be done betraying Israel. Next week, on Sunday, January 15, France is convening a conference with 70 other nations designed to serve as an extension of the U.N. resolution and the Kerry speech—an all-out assault on Israel. I am deeply concerned that what is decided at this conference will be used to try to further impose param-eters or even audaciously to recognize a so-called independent Palestinian state through another Security Council resolution. The Security Council is scheduled to meet on January 17—con-veniently, 3 days before Obama and Kerry leave office. Let me speak a moment to our friends and allies across the globe. When the President of the United States, when the administration of the United States attempts to encourage you to support their positions in the United Nations, that can be highly per-suasive. It has been an arena, a forum that Barack Obama has flourished in, even as he has shown condescension and contempt for the Congress of the United States and the people of the United States. But to our friends and allies, let me remind you: The Obama administration is coming to an end on January 20. If you desire to continue being a friend to America, if you desire a continued close working relationship with Amer-ica, then I call upon our allies: Do not join in attacking Israel on January 15 in France or on January 17 at the Secu-rity Council. The new administration—President- Elect Trump—has loudly condemned the U.N. resolution and the Obama ad-ministration’s complicity in its pas-sage. I would encourage our friends and al-lies not even to attend the January 15 conference, or, if they do choose to at-tend, to oppose and stand up and speak out against any further attempts to at-tack or undermine or delegitimize America or Israel. I want to commend my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for offering reso-lutions to repudiate this administra-tion for their actions of the last few weeks. It says something when you see Republicans and Democrats in Con-gress coming together, united to say: This action by the Obama administra-tion is beyond the pale. Let me underscore again to our friends and allies, to our Ambassadors, to heads of state, to friendships and re-lationships that we value so much: Lis-ten to the bipartisan consensus of Con-gress, and do not go along with the bit-ter, clinging radicalism of the Obama administration, attempting to lash out and strike out at Israel with their last breath in office. As commendable as these resolutions are, I believe the Senate and the Con-gress need to go further—that we need to take concrete steps so that there will be repercussions and consequences for the United Nations and the Pal-estinians for their behavior. That is why I am working with my colleague Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM on intro-ducing legislation, along with other Members of this body, designed to cut the funding to the United Nations—de-signed to cut U.S. taxpayer funding going to the U.N.—unless and until they repeal this disgraceful anti-Israel resolution. We know, previously, that one way to get the U.N.’s attention is to cut off their money. We know from the failure of other U.N. organizations to recog-nize so-called Palestine as a member- state after American tax dollars were withheld from UNESCO for doing so in 2011 that the U.N. over and over values its pocketbook over its leftist values. However unintentionally, President Obama’s misguided foreign policy has led to an unprecedented rapprochement between Israel and America’s Arab al-lies, such as Egypt, Jordan, and the UAE. We have also seen hopeful signs of shifting positions at the United Na-tions, as countries such as Brazil, Mex-ico, Italy, and Australia have recently signaled that they may no longer vote reflexively in favor of the Palestinians. Great Britain, although it voted for the resolution, has recently dem-onstrated an unprecedented degree of support for the Jewish state. These changes represent a significant opportunity for the United States to bolster one of our most important al-lies, an opportunity we can preserve for the President-elect by not letting Mr. Obama squander it on the way out the door. America should be leading the charge at the United Nations and around the world to rally burgeoning support for Israel, not trying to stab the Jewish state in the back. Just over a week ago, I spoke with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu. I told the Prime Minister that, despite the disgraceful actions of the United Nations, America stands resolutely with the nation of Israel, that the American people stand with Israel, and that I believe there is a very real possi-bility that the extreme and radical ac-tions of Obama and Kerry will, in fact, backfire. It is not accidental that they waited until after the election to do this. They could have tried to do that this sum-mer, but Obama and Kerry knew well that the American people do not sup-port their attempting to attack Israel. So they waited until after the election. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.037 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S97 January 5, 2017 
They waited until they were on their way out the door. Kerry, in his speech, said Israel can-not be both democratic and Jewish— one or the other, but not both. This is an inanity that is deemed pro-found only in Marxist faculty lounges. Israel is Jewish, it is democratic, and it is and should remain both. I believe that by revealing just how extreme they are, by removing the fake mask of support for Israel that Obama and Kerry have chosen to do in the last sev-eral weeks, it will help to galvanize support in this body and across the world for our friend and ally, the na-tion of Israel. Israel is not only our friend and ally, but it is a partner of the United States. That alliance benefits the vital na-tional security interest of America. Israel’s military benefits the national security of the United States of Amer-ica. The Israeli intelligence services benefit the United States of America. Israel’s steadfastness against radical Islamic terrorism, which has declared war on both Israel and America, bene-fits the national security interests of this country. It is Israel—the thriving, one and only Jewish state—that stands on the frontlines for America and, more broadly, Western civilization against the global threats we face. Our com-mitment to Israel must be restored and strengthened. I look forward to taking action with my colleagues—I hope on both sides of the aisle—in the near fu-ture to repudiate Obama’s shameful at-tack on Israel, to repudiate the United Nations’ efforts to undermine Israel, and to reaffirm America’s strong and unshakable friendship and support for the nation of Israel. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 1 and ask unanimous consent that it be reported by number. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, the clerk will report the amendment by number. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Wyoming [Mr. E NZI], for Mr. P
AUL, proposes an amendment numbered 1. 
(The amendment is printed in the R
ECORD of January 4, 2017, under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, with the permission of the chairman, I would like to ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 20 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, would the Senator mind if it comes off of the res-olution time? Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I have no objec-tion to that. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, this is the 152nd time I have come to the floor for my ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech, warning about the perilous ef-fects of climate change. I am going to continue this in the new Congress, con-tinuing to present the latest and most compelling scientific evidence of the changes that are coming our way driv-en by carbon pollution. Nobody should take my word for it. I urge my colleagues to listen to their own home State’s climatologists, their own home State’s university research-ers, their own home State’s public health officials, and their own con-stituents who are out there fighting to protect their communities from the changes that are already happening right before their eyes. In Rhode Island, we have a lot of fish-ermen, just as Louisiana has, Mr. President. The president of the Rhode Island Commercial Fishermen’s Asso-ciation is Chris Brown. Just this past week, he was the subject of a New York Times article. ‘‘Climate change is going to make it hard on some of those species that are not particularly fond of warm or warming waters,’’ he told the Times. ‘‘We used to come right here’’—where he was on his boat, The Proud Mary—‘‘and catch two, three, four thousand pounds a day, sometimes 10.’’ But the whiting, the fish he was after, have moved north to cooler waters. The Times reports that two-thirds of marine species off the northeast coast have moved from their traditional ranges into deeper and cooler water. John Manderson is a biologist at NOAA’s northeast fisheries science center, and he told the Times in that article that public policy needs to keep pace with the rapidly changing oceans, where species are shifting northward in response to warming 10 times as quick-ly as they do on the land. ‘‘Our ideas of property rights and laws are purely land-based,’’ he said, ‘‘but the ocean is all about flux and turbulence and movement.’’ In Rhode Island, fishermen are get-ting clobbered by that flux. Captain Dave Monti is a member of the Rhode Island Marine Fisheries Council. He wrote in the Providence Journal this week: 
I often think about the fish and how im-portant it is to grow them to abundance so there are more fish for all to catch and eat. . . . In 2017 we need a fish-first agenda, or someday there may be no fish left to catch. Climate change, acidification, overfishing by world nations, and changing federal strate-gies could make it the worst of times for fish in 2017. . . . We need to make an effort to un-derstand what is happening to the environ-ment and the fish, and then take that second step of communicating it to others to affect policy. 
That is what I am being asked. The Providence Journal also recently wrote about how in Rhode Island the sea is moving higher and farther in-land, as it is in Louisiana, which is the State losing ground fastest to the ocean of all the 50. They reported on StormTools, a program developed by Rhode Island’s Coastal Resources Man-agement Council director Grover Fugate and University of Rhode Island emeritus professor of ocean engineer-ing Malcolm Spaulding. StormTools provides 3D maps of the potential flooding damage along Rhode Island’s coast. The Journal described the project as ‘‘one of the most sophisti-cated models developed anywhere to project future damage from storm surges and sea level rise.’’ And we are taking the results seriously. The Journal quoted William DePasquale, who is the director of planning in one of our cities, Warwick, RI. He said, ‘‘When I saw some of those scenarios, my jaw hit the ground.’’ That is what we are looking at, and Warwick is now using those maps to prepare for the future. The Providence Journal has also re-cently written about Matunuck Beach in South Kingstown. Town manager Stephen Alfred warns that if the sea takes out Matunuck Beach Road, 240 homes will be totally cut off, without a water supply or access to emergency services. The article features Kevin Finnegan, who owns the Ocean Mist, a renowned local establishment. The Journal said: The Ocean Mist has occupied the same spot under different names since Prohibition ended in 1933. But the ocean has moved. Where once beach bathers had to plan a trek across sand to reach the water from the Mist, waves now flood the supports holding up the tavern’s deck. 
Finnegan and the town of North Kingstown are scrambling to build sea-walls. Engineer Bill Ladd, who works for Finnegan and who the Providence Journal reports had his first beer at the Ocean Mist back when the drinking age was 18, estimates that the two walls may only buy Matunuck Beach 20 or 30 more years against the oncoming ocean. That is because, as The Inde-pendent—a local newspaper in the southern part of Rhode Island—re-ported in December, about 4 feet of Matunuck Beach is eroding every year. According to Director Fugate of the CRMC, that erosion will more than double by the end of the century. Rhode Island is not a big State. We cannot afford to have this much re-claimed by the ocean. The Independent article quotes North Kingstown Town Council president Kerry McKay, who says that climate change threatens the property values of his community’s coastal homes, which is a significant portion of the town’s revenue base. 
He said historical values ‘‘will have to change’’ as coastal concerns rise, and resi-dents ‘‘have to be more receptive’’ to redoing building infrastructure, such as through ele-vating houses. 
He also said that homes ‘‘may not be there’’ in 20 years, resulting in a ‘‘major revenue loss.’’ Another Providence Journal article last week featured Tanner Steeves, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.039 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES98 January 5, 2017 
wildlife biologist with the Rhode Island Department of Environmental Manage-ment, which has to tear up roads and parking lots along the Sakonnet River as the seas rise. The Journal writes: 
As the barrier beach just south of Sapowet Point has narrowed—losing nearly 100 feet since 1939—the salt marsh on the other side has become more susceptible to flooding. 
The Independent made Rhode Island’s case for climate action in a December editorial. They said: 
The signs are clear, if not immediately visible to most. There are the well-documented, widely publicized shifts with global import, such as the loss of polar ice and the growing fre-quency of extreme weather events. Locally, there are changes in the ecology of Narra-gansett Bay, and locations at which the ef-fects of a rising sea level—sometimes subtle, sometimes less so—may be plainly seen. . . . But we encourage all Rhode Islanders, from coastal communities and beyond, to remain attuned to the situation—in terms of both what the sea is telling us and what is being proposed to prepare for coming changes. The stakes are enormously high, and the broad-est possible effort is required to meet the challenge. 
That is the message to me from Rhode Island. That is why I give these speeches. As I continue to push for honest de-bate on this issue in Congress, I also tour around the country to see folks on the ground in other States. I have now been to 15 States. In the closing months of 2016, I hit Texas and Penn-sylvania. In Texas, I joined Representative El-liott Naishtat, the advocacy group Public Citizen Texas, and Texas envi-ronmental advocates at a public event in Austin to call out Congressman L
AMAR SMITH, Republican chairman of the House Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee, for his abuse of congressional power to harass public officials and climate scientists, includ-ing subpoenas demanding that States attorneys general divulge their inves-tigative materials relating to their in-quiries into ExxonMobil’s potentially fraudulent climate misinformation. The committee is also harassing the Union of Concerned Scientists, 350.org, Greenpeace, and various university sci-entists because they are exposing Exxon for years of misleading the pub-lic on its understanding of climate change. Texans are taking notice. The San Antonio Express-News, which had previously always endorsed Congress-man S
MITH for reelection, decided not to endorse him in this latest election cycle. The paper cited his ‘‘bullying on the issue of climate change’’ as behav-ior that ‘‘should concern all Ameri-cans.’’ I joined a panel discussion with lead-ing scientists from Texas universities to discuss their research into climate change in Texas. The panel included Dr. John Anderson from Rice Univer-sity, Dr. Andrew Dessler from Texas A&M University, Drs. Charles Jackson and Kerry Cook from the University of Texas at Austin, and Dr. Katherine Hayhoe from Texas Tech University. They had a unified voice on the dan-gers of climate change. Dr. Hayhoe said Texans are seeing changes all around them. We get hit by drought. We get hit by heat. We get hit by storms. We get hit by sea level rise. And we’re starting to see those impacts today. . . . Texas is really at the forefront of this problem. 
Dr. Anderson of Rice agreed that the Texas climate is already changing. He said: 
Accelerated sea-level rise is real, not a pre-diction. Its causes are known—thermal ex-pansion of the oceans and melting of glaciers and ice sheets—and it is causing unprece-dented change along the Texas coast. 
Dr. Dessler from Texas A&M laid out what he called ‘‘the fundamental and rock-solid aspects of climate science: humans are loading the atmosphere with carbon, this is warming the cli-mate, and this future warming is a huge risk to our society and the envi-ronment. We should insist that our elected representatives rely on this sound science when formulating pol-icy.’’ I returned to Austin in November to speak to the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. President David Dooley of the University of Rhode Island had invited me to join a panel that he moderated with, among others, Dr. John Nielsen-Gammon, Texas State climatologist and pro-fessor at Texas A&M University. The bottom line was simple: Climate change is real, and the scientists at our universities will be increasingly forced to defend good science, academic free-dom, and climate action. University leadership will have to defend their sci-entists against the onslaught of FOIA requests and personal attacks that are the modus operandi for climate deniers and against the phony science fronts propped up by the fossil fuel industry to spread calculated misinformation. The American scientific community faces a real threat from that operation. On to Pennsylvania, I had the oppor-tunity to spend a day traveling with my friend and colleague B
OBCASEY  around southeastern Pennsylvania get-ting a firsthand look at the effects of climate change and hearing about the work Pennsylvanians are doing to ad-dress it. At the University of Penn-sylvania’s Morris Arboretum, leaders from Children’s Hospital of Philadel-phia’s Community Asthma Prevention Program, Moms Clean Air Force, Phy-sicians for Social Responsibility, and other groups talked about kids with asthma and other conditions that wors-en when temperatures and pollution levels are high. In Malvern, we toured the LEED platinum North American head-quarters of Saint-Gobain, the world’s largest building materials company. The company is demonstrating that green building materials and tech-nologies can be married with stylish design to produce stunning results. With operations in Rhode Island, Penn-sylvania, and around the globe, Saint- Gobain is developing innovative tech-nologies to reduce pollution, generate clean energy, and improve air quality for millions of people. From there, we visited the John Heinz National Wildlife Refuge, which is the Nation’s first urban wildlife ref-uge and Pennsylvania’s largest fresh-water tidal wetland. Lamar Gore, the refuge manager, showed us how the ref-uge is at risk from the saltwater pushed in by rising sea levels. The ref-uge is adjacent to the Philadelphia International Airport, along the Dela-ware River. As you can see from these graphics reproduced from the New York Times, at 5 feet of sea level rise, some of the city goes underwater and the refuge is in real trouble. Water encroaches upon the Philadelphia airport. At 12 feet of sea level rise, 6 percent of the city—in-cluding the refuge, airport, and parts of downtown Philly—is underwater. Pro-jections that parts of Philadelphia will one day be uninhabitable due to sea level rise are one of the major drivers for forward-looking climate mitigation and adaptation policies of Philadel-phia’s Office of Sustainability. Senator CASEY and I met with them too. Being in Pennsylvania gave me a chance to connect with Dr. Robert Brulle of Drexel University. He is the scholar who documented the intricate propaganda web of fossil fuel industry- funded climate denial, connecting over 100 organizations, from trade associa-tions, to conservative think tanks, to plain old phony front groups. The pur-pose of this climate denial apparatus is, to quote Dr. Brulle, ‘‘a deliberate and organized effort to misdirect the public discussion and distort the public’s understanding of climate.’’ I will wrap up with a special thank- you to one of the folks who helped or-ganize my Texas trip: Tom Smith, who has been director of Public Citizen of Texas for more than 30 years. Known by his friends and colleagues as Smitty and known for his signature straw hat, over his career he has testified more than 1,000 times before the Texas Leg-islature and Congress—Mr. Uphill Struggle indeed. He was successful, though, and central in creating the Texas Emissions Reduction Program, which led to wide-scale deployment of solar and wind across Texas. A true en-vironmental champion, Smitty retires this year. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a recent tribute from the Texas Tribune entitled: ‘‘Analysis: ‘Smitty,’ a Texas Lobbyist for the Small Fry, Retiring after 31 years.’’ There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Texas Tribune, Sept. 21, 2016] A
NALYSIS : ‘‘S MITTY ,’’ ATEXAS LOBBYIST FOR  
THESMALL FRY, RETIRING AFTER 31 Y EARS  (By Ross Ramsey) Tom ‘‘Smitty’’ Smith, a colorful lobbyist and liberal activist who turned Public Cit-izen Texas into a strong voice on environ-mental, utility, consumer and ethics issues, is hanging up his spurs after 31 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:00 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.041 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S99 January 5, 2017 
In the early 90s—the heyday of consumer rights legislation and regulation in Texas— Robert Cullick, then a reporter at the Hous-ton Chronicle, gave Tom ‘‘Smitty’’ Smith of Public Citizen Texas an unofficial title: Everybody’s Third Paragraph. Smith, 66, announced his retirement Tues-day from his official post after 31 years, end-ing a long run of organizing and lobbying on behalf of consumers and citizens on a range of issues like utilities, insurance and polit-ical ethics. He was often the voice of the op-position in legislative fights and in the media, which earned him that reporter’s epi-thet. He’s from that part of the Austin lobby that doesn’t wear fancy suits, doesn’t drive the latest luxury cars and doesn’t spend its time fawning over and feeding elected offi-cials. Smitty has a beard, an omnipresent straw hat and, often, a colorful sheaf of fly-ers making his points on whatever cause he’s pushing at the time. Smitty has been a leading voice for govern-ment intervention and regulation of big in-dustries and interests in the capital of a state with conservative, business-friendly politicians from both parties who pride themselves on light regulation, low taxes and a Wild West approach to money in poli-tics. For the most part, Smith seems to have disagreed strongly, vociferously, but agreeably. He doesn’t wear his wins or his losses on his sleeve. ‘‘The thing that I learned time after time, story after story, is that people standing up does make a difference,’’ Smith says. ‘‘It does change policy.’’ ‘‘Citizen activism does matter, and it’s the only known antidote to organized political corruption and political money,’’ he says. His causes over the years have included food security, decommissioning costs of the nuclear reactors owned by various Texas utilities, insurance regulations, ethics and campaign finance laws. He’s lobbied on envi-ronmental issues and product safety. He counts the ethics reforms of 1991 as one of his big wins. As unregulated as Texas po-litical ethics and campaign finance might seem today, things were a lot looser before reformers used a flurry of scandals and at-tendant media coverage to force changes. Smith is proud of a medical bill of rights that gave consumers some leverage with their doctors and their health insurers. Public Citizen was a key player in the cre-ation of the State Office of Administrative Hearings, which took administrative courts out of several regulatory agencies and put them in a central office, farther from the reach of regulated industries and elected of-ficials. Smith now points to the Texas Rail-road Commission, which still has its own ad-ministrative hearings, as an example of a too-close relationship between regulators, the companies they regulate and the judges supposed to referee their differences. He was an early and noisy advocate for re-newable energy, urging regulators and law-makers to promote wind and solar genera-tion—and transmission lines to carry their power—as an alternative to coal plants and other generating sources. That looks easier from a 2016 vantage point than it did in 1989, when an appointed utilities regulator derided alternative energy in an open meeting by saying that he hadn’t smoked enough dope to move the state in that direction. That regulator is gone now, and Texas leads the nation in wind energy. Chalk one up for the environmental advocates. Smitty is leaving with unfulfilled wishes. He’d like to have made more progress on Texas emissions and climate change, on campaign finance reforms and conflict-of-in-terest laws. The ethics reforms of 1991 included cre-ation of the Texas Ethics Commission and a number of significant regulations on the be-havior of the Texans contending for and holding state office. There is always more, of course. Smith had a list of 13 reforms that year, and eight made it into law. Some of the remaining items remain undone 25 years later. ‘‘All the time I’ve been working here, Texas politics has been largely controlled by organized businesses pooling their money to-gether and making significant contributions to key legislators,’’ Smith says. ‘‘Legislators are more concerned about injuring their do-nors than they are about injuring their con-stituents.’’ He illustrates that with stories, like one about a legislator asking, during a House de-bate, if his colleagues knew the difference between a campaign contribution and a bribe. ‘‘You have to report the campaign contribution.’’ And another, when a mem-ber—former state Rep. Eddie Cavazos, D-Cor-pus Christi, who went on to become a lob-byist—was making a plea for cutting the in-fluence of big donors. Cavazos recalls telling a story about getting simultaneous calls from a big donor and from someone who wasn’t a political friend. He says he told his colleagues, ‘‘You know which one you’re going to answer first.’’ ‘‘I’m sorry to see Smitty go,’’ Cavazos said Tuesday. ‘‘He provided a large voice in the Legislature that was needed—a balancing voice. He’s a good guy.’’ 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, in the article, he is quoted as saying: ‘‘The thing that I learned time after time, story after story, is that people standing up does make a difference. It does change policy.’’ Good words to end the speech by. Thank you, Smitty. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the time during quorum calls be charged equally to both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I am really proud to stand here, having rep-resented New Jersey now a little bit over 3 years in the U.S. Senate. I have to say that I have developed a great re-spect for my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I have a deep belief that this is a body that can do good things for the American people. We don’t always agree, and too many things are not get-ting done, but I have seen this body at its best. I have seen our ability to rise to the occasion. Along the way, I have made friendships and found respect for people and my colleagues across the aisle, as well as fellow Democrats. I have witnessed occasions where Members of both parties have put prin-ciple before partisanship and evidenced a willingness to actually embrace per-sonal political risk to stand up for what they believe is right and honor-able and in the best interest of our country. Given this, this is a day in which I rise with painful disappoint-ment. Frankly, I feel a deep sense of astonishment and even a sense of cri-sis. Thus, I feel a deepened determina-tion to fight with everything I have against the efforts of my Republican colleagues that I believe will harm our country as a whole but particularly the most vulnerable people in our country. This is about the Republican push, really the race—what I believe is a reckless race—to repeal the Affordable Care Act without putting forth any legislation, any proposal, any plan on how they intend to replace it. This is fundamentally dangerous, and it will hurt millions of Americans. I have heard over the past month people rightfully saying: Well, this is how the Affordable Care Act was implemented. I understand the frustrations that have resulted from that, and people think this was jammed through along partisan lines many years ago using similar legislative tactics. The truth is, that is simply not the case. The Af-fordable Care Act went through a long and arduous process and received input from doctors, nurses, patient groups, medical specialists, medical profes-sionals of all types. The Affordable Care Act started with listening sessions, then hearings, then came the advice and counsel of policy experts, businesses, market experts, in-surance companies, health nonprofits, hospitals—literally thousands and thousands of people over thousands of hours, often through public discourse, putting forth ideas that actually shaped and changed legislation. I wasn’t in the body then. I was a mayor in Newark, NJ, but I know this occu-pied months of debate. Years later, Republicans are seeking to undo this work with a kind of plan to move forward. They are saying that they have a plan, but no plan exists. I am a big believer that there are things we can and we must do to im-prove health care in America, to im-prove the Affordable Care Act, but what I have to make clear is that it is profoundly irresponsible to repeal the Affordable Care Act and not put any-thing in place. There is no plan. This is at a time that everyone agrees—people in the Republican Party and Democratic Party continue to talk about the achievements of the Afford-able Care Act, things that they want to maintain, things they believe make a real difference. Those are things I have heard Republicans praise and even say again they want to protect. These things are making a lifesaving dif-ference for millions of Americans. Let’s be clear. The overwhelming ma-jority of Americans believe that we should not give the power back to in-surance companies to deny people health insurance because of a pre-existing condition. Let’s be clear. Most people believe that we should allow young people, young adults to stay on their parents’ plans up to the age of 26. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA6.004 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES100 January 5, 2017 
We also believe that requiring health plans cover preventive services is a profoundly important thing to do for individuals in this country, but it actu-ally saves Americans money by push-ing people to do preventive care—mam-mograms, birth control, and mental health care—without cost sharing. These are logical things that the ma-jority of Americans believe in, such as closing the prescription drug coverage gap, which too many seniors on Medi-care and people with disabilities have had to face, known as that doughnut hole. We believe in prohibiting insur-ance companies from charging women more money simply because of their gender. The overwhelming majority of Americans believe in requiring the in-surance companies to spend more on patient care and less on administrative costs, and the insurance companies shouldn’t be allowed to gouge the American people while making massive profits at the same time. There is so much that people believe in and want to have preserved, and these are tremendous things for Amer-ica. There are bank account savings; there are lifesaving policies, all of which are popular with Democrats, Re-publicans, and Independents. They are popular with people on both sides of the aisle in this body. Some Republicans have said that what they are doing will not threaten these accomplishments, but this couldn’t be any further from the truth. The way they are going about this puts the health care system in a perilous po-sition. The health care system is com-plicated in nuance, and to think you can repeal something without replac-ing it right away shows a lack of un-derstanding of what is going to happen and what the consequences will be. What the Republicans are doing now is quite contrary to what the Demo-crats did before the ACA passed in 2010. Republicans are not putting forth a proposal. They are not speaking to the health care needs of all Americans. They are not inviting professionals from all different backgrounds to help shape a plan for America. They are not even fulfilling what I heard countless Republicans on the campaign trail, in-cluding our President-elect, say: They would repeal and then replace. They are just not replacing. The replace part put forth by the mantra of many Republicans has not materialized. It doesn’t exist. There is no plan to replace, no statement of principles, no outline of features, no framework for a plan, no explanation of how they would pay for the things they claim they like. There is no spe-cific timeline for when a plan might materialize or even any substantive hint of what many Republican col-leagues plan on doing to address the crisis—the crisis that will surely come as a result of repealing the Affordable Care Act without giving forth any re-placement. I say time and again: Show us the plan before you repeal this legislation. If you do not do that, you will be re-sponsible for pain, suffering, chaotic markets, and for many Americans’ health care problems. There are many people who don’t understand this. They listen to the political rhetoric, and they think: Hey, you might be that one who, if you are wealthy enough or se-cure enough, if you are a Member of this body, in fact, this concept of re-pealing and maybe figuring out a re-placement down the road might sound good. But if you are one illness away from bankruptcy, if you know and re-member the challenges of having a child with a preexisting condition, if you know that one injury, one unex-pected fall could place your family in peril but for the insurance you have, if you are one of the 20 million Ameri-cans who used to be uninsured and now you have insurance, you know how per-ilous this moment is. You know that you can’t afford the recklessness of any politician—a Republican move that equates to jumping off a cliff and then packing your parachute on the way down. Repealing without replacing is sim-ply irresponsible, it is dangerous, and it is threatening to our country’s well- being. People—families, children, the elderly—will suffer. This is a moment where we need Re-publican leaders to tell the truth and say: We want to improve our health care system. We may not believe in ObamaCare, but we can’t tear it down unless we do the responsible thing and put forth a replacement. Right now, what we have is political rhetoric that is not just rhetoric. It is perilous. It is dangerous. It is threat-ening to our Nation. This will inflict immediate catastrophe upon families, causing millions to lose their health insurance, and it will unleash chaos with market uncertainty and cost spikes. There is no defense for what is being done. I don’t understand it. There is no logic here whatsoever. Elections were won. You now have the floor and the ability to put forth your great vision for health care in America, but doing it backward and repealing something and not offering up a plan is truly putting politics before people. This is a move of grand political theater that comes with profound public consequences affecting millions. As a Democratic Senator, some peo-ple will say that this is just political rhetoric, but these are not just par-tisan words. This is the truth and don’t take my word for it. Look at the words of other more thoughtful—other very thoughtful people, Democrats and Re-publicans, businesspeople and nonprofit leaders, conservative think tanks and nonpartisan groups, speaking with a chorus to the point I am making. Ex-perts across sectors, across industries, and across the country are taking a hard look at what a repeal will mean for the American people without a re-placement. People from all across sec-tors of our country are saying what the Republicans are doing is reckless, and the consequences are dire. Take the American Medical Associa-tion, the preeminent association of physicians. Mind you, this is an organi-zation that opposed the enactment of the Affordable Care Act. They have urged—this chorus of doctors has urged that ‘‘before any action is taken, pol-icymakers should lay out for the Amer-ican people, in reasonable detail, what will replace current policies. Patients and other stakeholders should be able to clearly compare current policy to new proposals so they can make in-formed decisions.’’ The American Medical Association isn’t a political organization. They are thoughtful people whose fundamental concern is the doctors in this Nation and the health care of the people. An-other respected organization rep-resenting American hospitals made it clear. The American Hospital Associa-tion warned that Republican action of repealing without a plan would result in an ‘‘unprecedented health care cri-sis.’’ Are Republicans listening to doctors and hospitals or are they rushing forth, willing to risk a crisis for our country, and for what? They are a President for 4 years, a Congress for 2. What is the rush to put forth a plan and just re-peal? Will they listen to these experts? What about the president of America’s leading cancer group, the American Cancer Society? Will they listen to them? They urge Congress to ‘‘consider the future of the Affordable Care Act. It is critically important that cancer patients, survivors and those at risk of the disease don’t face any gap in cov-erage of prevention or treatment. . . . Delaying enactment of a replacement for 2 or 3 years could lead to the col-lapse of the individual health market with long-term consequences.’’ This organization is respected by people on both sides of the aisle and is not playing partisan games. They are calling out the truth; that it is a reck-less Republican move to repeal without replacing. Will Republicans listen to the American Diabetes Association? Folks with diabetes are Independents, Republicans, and Democrats, and this is an organization respected by people on both sides of the aisle. They say: 
The Association strongly opposes going back to a time when . . . treatment for pre-existing conditions like diabetes could be ex-cluded from coverage; when people could find their insurance coverage was no longer avail-able just when they needed it most. 
What is the Republican plan to ad-dress these concerns and to pay for these concerns? Will they listen to pri-vate businesspeople? They, too, join in the chorus of Americans urging that Republicans not endanger the lives and livelihoods of millions. The Main Street Alliance. We all have main streets in our States and our communities. A group representing these small businesses from across the country urges lawmakers to consider the devastating effect a repeal without 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.045 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S101 January 5, 2017 
replace would have on small busi-nesses: 
Small business owners depend on healthy and vibrant communities to keep us profit-able in the engines of economic growth. . . . Changes to our current health care system are needed, but not in the form of cuts to critical programs or through taking away our health coverage. 
There are some Senators who are speaking out. It is not the entire Re-publican caucus. There are some who are saying exactly what I am saying. Yet we are still rushing toward a vote, even with Republican Senators having the courage to stand up. Just yesterday Republican Senator R
ANDPAULof Ken-tucky, before voting to proceed to this measure, said: ‘‘It is imperative that Republicans do a replacement simulta-neous to a repeal.’’ I respect my Repub-lican colleague for saying what is com-mon sense and speaking up against the reckless actions being taken by the Re-publican Party as a whole, and some fellow Republican Senators have joined him in similar statements, including L
AMAR ALEXANDER , the chair of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee. The Republican from Tennessee, who noted in an interview in November 2016 that when it comes to the ACA, ‘‘what we need to focus on first’’—Senator A
LEXANDER said—‘‘is what would we replace it with and what are the steps that it would take to do that?’’ Republican Senator S
USAN COLLINS of Maine shared in an interview last month that she was ‘‘concerned about the speed in which this is occurring’’ and expressed concern over what would happen to her constituents in Maine who had signed up for insurance through the ACA, saying: ‘‘You just can’t drop insurance for 84,000 people in my State.’’ I not only talk about Republicans in this body, but there are conservative think tanks focused on our country that are speaking out now as well. The American Enterprise Institute said in a 2015 report that ‘‘repealing the law without a plausible plan for replacing it would be a mistake.’’ So here we have it from all over the country, people across the political spectrum, experts, market analysts, in-surance executives, doctors, nurses, hospital leaders, patient groups; these people in our country who are beyond politics and even beyond their opinions of the Affordable Care Act when it was enacted are now speaking in a chorus of conviction in one voice: Don’t repeal the Affordable Care Act without a clear plan to preserve the things that are making America healthier and more fi-nancially strong and secure. Don’t recklessly rush into a politically moti-vated move that would endanger the health care of millions of Americans, increase the costs for millions of Amer-icans, throw insurance markets into chaos, endanger our hospitals’ finan-cial stability, and put our most vulner-able Americans into crisis: our seniors, people in nursing homes, retired coal miners, people recovering from drug addiction, the poor and other under-served communities. We are America, and this is a time that we must call, not to party rhet-oric but to who we are and what we stand for. We cannot let this repeal without replacement happen. We must know what the Republican plan is so experts, market analysts, insurance folks, doctors, everyone understands what will happen. Americans will be hurt. It is time to put our country and the people first. There is no rush. The voters gave this body 2 years. It gave the Presidency 4 years. We must now fight these efforts. We must resist. We must call to the conscience of neigh-bors and appeal to the moral compasses of our Republican leaders to do what they said they would do—put forth your plan. Let the American people know what they are going to do and do not thrust millions of your fellow country men and women off a cliff and shout promises to them as they fall: ‘‘Hey, don’t worry. We will figure something out before you hit the ground.’’ Where is the honor in that strategy? Call the public together, gather your experts, put forth a thoughtful process, and develop what you think is better, what improves upon what we have now, what doesn’t diminish our unassailable gains that we have had but build upon them. Give us a plan, not empty promises. Give America hope. Don’t plunge millions into despair and uncertainty. Show de-cency, not costly craven politics. We know who we are as a country. Pro-found are the words, ‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are en-dowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.—That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men. . . . ‘’ This government, this body, the United States Senate, led by Repub-licans here and in the House and in the White House, must stand for these ideals. Health care is critical to life. We must stand for these ideals. Health care is critical to liberty, our freedom from fear, our freedom from illness, our freedom from deprivation. We must stand for these principles. Health care is critical to the happiness, the joy, the greatness of America. To secure these rights, governments are instituted, and we were elected to stand for the Amer-ican people, by the American people, to fight to defend our brothers and sis-ters. This government and actors must put our ideals first, not partisanship and not theater. Do not attack these ideals through a rash and reckless re-peal. Be thoughtful. Be kind. Be mag-nanimous. The well-being of our Nation is in the balance. May God bless us in this time of cri-sis. May wisdom prevail over politics. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. ERNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
TRIBUTE TO STEPHEN HIGGINS  
Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I rise today to offer my warmest wishes to my legislative director, Stephen Higgins, as he begins the next chapter of his truly remarkable professional career. It is a career that is character-ized by unshakable dedication to the common good and supreme attention to detail. These qualities make Ste-phen Higgins a true professional. His service is a labor of love for our coun-try and this institution in particular. Stephen has worked in the Senate longer than all but nine of its current Members, serving this Chamber for 23 years. Stephen still remembers his first day on payroll: March 21, 1994. He began with Senator William Cohen of Maine as a counsel on the Juvenile Justice Subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee. There he began what would become a decades-long mission: to ad-vance crime victims’ rights. A year later, Stephen joined the of-fice of Senator Jon Kyl of Arizona, where he would distinguish himself as a committed, talented lawyer over the next 18 years, serving as chief counsel in Senator Kyl’s personal office and for 14 years as chief counsel on his Judici-ary Committee staff. During that time, Stephen played the lead role, sup-porting efforts to pass a bipartisan crime victims’ rights constitutional amendment. The end result: After 8 years of hard work, a landmark statute was passed by a vote of 96 to 1. This is one of Stephen’s proudest accomplish-ments. ‘‘We did something significant to help crime victims,’’ he said. ‘‘We enshrined into law the rights of crime victims to be informed, present, and heard.’’ To put it simply, Stephen Higgins helped humanize America’s criminal justice system. This work reflects his sincere beliefs about that system. ‘‘The criminal justice system is about seek-ing the truth,’’ he said. ‘‘The truth matters.’’ For Stephen Higgins, the truth has always mattered. He is a man of high character and great personal integrity. These attributes made him exception-ally well-suited for work in another critical realm of the Senate: judicial nominations. ‘‘Judges hold people’s lives in their hands,’’ Stephen said. ‘‘Their decisions have life-altering con-sequences.’’ Most recently, Stephen played a key role in the nomination of Omaha attor-ney Bob Rossiter to serve as U.S. dis-trict court judge for the District of Ne-braska, and last year, the Senate con-firmed Judge Rossiter unanimously. This was a beautiful capstone to Ste-phen’s Senate career. He leaves the Senate now for a new position: managing director of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.046 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES102 January 5, 2017 
Human Ecology Institute at the Catho-lic University of America. This is an interdisciplinary research institute that will apply the rich intellectual tradition of the Catholic Church to contemporary problems in our society. As Stephen said, ‘‘I love the Senate. The only institution I love more is the Catholic Church.’’ Sounds like a match made in Heaven. As he takes his new post, I know Stephen will work like it all depends upon him and pray like it all depends upon God. I thank Stephen’s wife of 18 years, Lauren, and their two children, James and Elizabeth, for loaning him to us here in the Senate, because it is a sac-rifice. I know they are proud of you, Stephen, as are your parents, Joe and Shelley, and your brother, David. So, Stephen, thank you so much for all you have done for my office, for the Senate, and for the people of this coun-try. Good luck. God bless. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no one yields time, the time will be divided equally. The Senator from Utah. 
BEARS EARS NATIONAL MONUMENT  
Mr. LEE. Madam President, on Janu-ary 20 of this year, change is coming to the White House. But until that day, it appears that President Obama will des-perately cling to the status quo and continue to do what he has done on far too many occasions: abuse his Execu-tive powers to put in place unpopular policies without the cooperation of Congress and then pretend as if every-one somehow supports him. The most recent case in point in-volves President Obama’s recent deci-sion to designate as a new national monument some 1.35 million acres of public land in San Juan County, UT— the poorest county in the State of Utah, nearly the size of Delaware. This is a small county that is tucked into the southeast corner of our State. It includes—and the national monument is named after—the region’s distinctive Bears Ears buttes, which mark the an-cestral homeland and sacred site of many members of the Navajo and Ute Tribes who live in San Juan County, UT. President Obama announced the Bears Ears National Monument on De-cember 28, right between Christmas and New Year’s Eve, as most Ameri-cans were busy enjoying the holiday season and when he was still enjoying time with his family in Hawaii. That same day, his administration released an explanatory document that was offi-cially christened a ‘‘Fact Sheet.’’ It was christened that way by the White House officials who wrote it. But, in re-ality, it reads much more like an elaborate book of fiction. Of all the falsehoods peddled in this bogus fact sheet, the most egregious— and, in many ways, the most insult-ing—is the claim that the residents in San Juan County, including local mem-bers of the Navajo Nation and members of the Ute Tribe, supported the Presi-dent’s decision to turn Bears Ears into a national monument. The document says: The creation of the Bears Ears National Monument in Utah [. . .] follow[s] years of robust public input from tribes, local elected officials, and diverse stakeholders, and draws from legislation introduced in Congress. In addition to protecting more land and water than any administration in history— 
And here is the kicker— 
President Obama has taken unprecedented steps to elevate the voices of Native peoples in the management of our national re-sources. 
‘‘Unprecedented steps to elevate the voices of Native peoples.’’ Nothing could be further from the truth in this situation. Perhaps if we replace the word ‘‘elevate’’ with the word ‘‘ex-ploit,’’ that sentence might apply to the situation in Bears Ears. Now, there is no denying that many Native American people supported President Obama’s designation of the Bears Ears National Monument. But the inconvenient truth too often ig-nored by the Obama administration and its supporters is that virtually all of this tribal support came from Native Americans residing outside of Utah, not inside Utah, and certainly not within San Juan County where this 1.35 million-acre designation occurred. In fact, the most prominent Native American group that advocated for a national monument in Utah is actually an alliance called the Bears Ears Inter- Tribal Coalition, which is made up of several tribes, and most of its members reside outside of the State of Utah. Yet, national monument advocates routinely invoke the Inter-Tribal Coa-lition as the authoritative mouthpiece of all Native Americans in the South-western United States. So how did a coalition of Native American tribes from Colorado, Ari-zona, and New Mexico rise to such a po-sition of prominence in a debate over a national monument in a remote corner of Utah? Well, part of the answer can be found in the cozy relationships be-tween well-funded environmental advo-cacy groups, powerful outdoor retail companies, and tribal organizations. Recent investigative reporting by the Deseret News shows how radical wealthy environmental organizations, supported by the outdoor recreational industry, channeled millions of dollars to the Bears Ears Inter-Tribal Coali-tion only after they realized that ‘‘hitching [their] success’’ to the Nav-ajo Nation was the only way they could achieve their longstanding goal of cre-ating a national monument in South-eastern Utah. The ability of uber-rich environ-mentalists to essentially buy a na-tional monument in Bears Ears ex-plains why the people of San Juan County—including the Navajo resi-dents, whose lives and livelihoods are intricately linked to the Bears Ears Utes—stand united in opposition to a monument designation. For the people of the Navajo Nation who live in San Juan County, taking care of their ancestral land—protecting and preserving it for the next genera-tion—isn’t optional, it is a sacred duty. It is part of their faith. It is part of who they are. The same is true in many respects in my own faith. As a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, I share many of these views. My church teaches that the Earth is a divine creation that belongs to God. This means that human beings have a spiritual responsibility—an obligation to God—to be wise stewards over the Earth, to conserve it for our children and our grandchildren. The Navajo people of San Juan Coun-ty have always faithfully fulfilled their responsibility in the Bears Ears region, and so have the Utes who reside in the area. Caring for their homelands—and respecting it as their forefathers did— is the cultural lifeblood of the Native American people of Southeastern Utah. Take away their access to their land— restrict their stewardship over the Earth’s bounty for the sake of increas-ing the access of wealthy urbanites who use the outdoors for their own pur-poses—and it won’t be long before their culture begins to fade away. The people of San Juan County un-derstand this. They have seen their worst nightmares become reality in other Utah counties as a result of Pres-idential national monument designa-tions. That is why on December 29, the day after President Obama announced the Bears Ears monument, a crowd of Utahns assembled to hold a protest on the steps of the San Juan County Courthouse. Braving the frigid weather of that day, they gathered together to dem-onstrate that they—the individuals and the families who will be most directly affected by a Bears Ears national monument—believe that the President has no business seizing vast stretches of land to be micromanaged and mis-managed by distant Federal land agen-cies. But the protesters weren’t just angry. They were resolute, confident about the future, and determined to keep fighting for their right to partici-pate in the management of the land in their community—the land that most directly affects them. Of course, environmentalists and na-tional monument advocates want the people of San Juan County to believe that this fight is simply over, that they have lost, that there is nothing they can do about something that af-fects them in a very real, very per-sonal, very intimate way. In their view, President Obama’s proclamation of the Bears Ears National Monument is permanent. It is irreversible, as if it were carved into stone. As one White House official recently told the Wash-ington Post: ‘‘We do not see that the Trump administration has authority to undo this.’’ But they say this only because they are not looking hard enough. The truth is what can be done through unilateral 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.047 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S103 January 5, 2017 
Executive action can also be undone the same way. Such is the imperma-nence of Executive power in our con-stitutional republic, where major pol-icy changes require broad consensus, forged through legislative compromise, to endure the test of time. In a recent Wall Street Journal arti-cle, two prominent constitutional scholars, Todd Gaziano and John Yoo, explain this point as it relates specifi-cally to President Obama’s use of the Antiquities Act to designate the Bears Ears National Monument. The Antiq-uities Act of 1906, as they explain, does not create an irreversible monument. When a President uses it, its use is not necessarily indelible. Gaziano and Yoo write: 
After studying the President’s legal au-thority [under the Antiquities Act], we con-clude that he can rescind monument designa-tions [. . .] the law’s text and original pur-poses strongly support a president’s ability to unilaterally correct his predecessor’s abuses. 
In other words, starting on January 20, President-Elect Trump can use his Executive powers to rescind President Obama’s designation of the Bears Ears National Monument. I have asked the future Trump administration to do pre-cisely that. I have also recently cosponsored Sen-ator M
URKOWSKI ’s bill, the Improved National Monument Designation Proc-ess Act, which would require all future Presidents to obtain congressional and State approval prior to designating a national monument. I have done these things, and I will do more, because I believe the preponderance of evidence proves that President Obama abused his powers—the powers granted to him under the Antiquities Act—in desig-nating the Bears Ears National Monu-ment. This isn’t just my opinion. It is the opinion of most of my fellow Utahns, including those patriots who assembled on the county courthouse steps in the rural town of Monticello on December 29. These are the people who were ig-nored by the Obama administration. These are the people who were cut out of the decisionmaking process that pro-duced this particular national monu-ment designation. These are the voices that were stifled by the wealthy, out- of-State, well-connected environmental groups that spent millions of dollars to lock up our land for their exclusive use. So it is fitting to let one of them— one of the residents of San Juan Coun-ty—have the last word today. I think Suzy Johnson put it best when she said: 
Mr. Obama, you have failed the grassroots natives. A true leader listens and finds com-mon ground. The fight for our land is not over. Your name will blow away in the wind. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The Senator from Maryland. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I ask that the time I use be charged against the resolution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is recognized. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, this is the first time I have risen to speak on this Senate floor. I want to start by thanking my fellow Maryland-ers for the honor of representing them in this great United States Senate. I want to thank my colleague Mr. CARDIN , the senior Senator from Mary-land, for joining us. I thank the new Senator from California, Ms. H
ARRIS , for joining us as well. I want to say to my fellow Marylanders that I look for-ward to working every day for their benefit and for the benefit of our Na-tion. I want to say to my new col-leagues in the Senate—Republicans and Democrats alike—I look forward to working with all of you in the years to come for the good of our Nation. I understand it is somewhat unusual for a new Member to speak so soon on the Senate floor, but what we are wit-nessing today in the Senate is not busi-ness as usual, and these are not ordi-nary times. Having served as the lead Democrat on the House Budget Com-mittee, I know that never before has the Senate rushed out of the gate so quickly to enact a budget procedure to deny the minority party—and by ex-tension, hundreds of millions of Ameri-cans—their rights in this United States Senate. Yet here we are, speeding to use the budget process to fast-track a so-called reconciliation bill that will destroy the Affordable Care Act and, in doing so, wipe out access to affordable care for over 30 million Americans and create total chaos throughout the American health care system. That is reckless. It is irresponsible, and it vio-lates the traditions of this institution. I may be new to the Senate, but I am not new to the way this Senate has proudly been described by its Members, both Democrats and Republicans, both current and former Members. My col-league Senator H
ARRIS will attest that one piece of advice we all received from both Republican and Democratic Mem-bers of this Senate was to read the chapter in Robert Caro’s book about Lyndon Johnson entitled ‘‘The Desks of the Senate,’’ where Robert Caro talks about the burnished mahogany tops, and he tells the story of the Sen-ate through the Senators who were protagonists in great debates through-out our history. He highlights the idea that this Senate is supposed to be a de-liberative body that reflects on issues with a thoughtful exchange of ideas. Unfortunately, that certainly does not describe the Senate of this moment. Having just arrived from the House of Representatives, what we are wit-nessing today is much more like the tyranny of the majority characteristic of that body. This Senate is supposed to be dif-ferent, but at least for now it seems very much like the House I just left. As a result of the fast-track process in the Senate, we will be overriding and roughshodding over the will of a majority of the American population, and Americans are just now waking up to learn about the bait-and-switch scheme that has been perpetrated on them. For more than 6 years, Repub-licans in this Senate and in the House of Representatives have said repeatedly that they would repeal ObamaCare but replace it—replace it with something, they said, that will be much better. Now we know, as the clock ticks down, that has been a farce. There is no Re-publican replacement bill to provide the kind of coverage and benefits of the Affordable Care Act, and the con-sequences of that failure are going to be devastating for the country. Let us take a moment to look at the human toll. First, there are the 22 mil-lion Americans who previously had no health insurance before the Affordable Care Act but are now covered through the health care exchanges and through expanded Medicaid. These are people who have been denied access to cov-erage because they had preexisting conditions or their kids had preexisting conditions—whether it was asthma, di-abetes, heart conditions—so they were either outright denied by insurance companies or priced out of the market. That 22 million may be a big number, hard to comprehend, but behind that number are many families like Carlos and Isabelle Martins, who live not far from where I live in Silver Spring, MD. They could no longer afford health in-surance through their employer. Short-ly before the Affordable Care Act was enacted, Carlos was told he needed a liver transplant to survive. His wife Isabelle said that without the Afford-able Care Act, he would never have re-ceived that lifesaving treatment. There is the case of Diane Bongiorni, who now lives in Hyattsville, MD. She previously had open-heart surgery. When her Cobra expired, it was only be-cause of the Affordable Care Act that she was able to get coverage and not be denied because of that earlier, relevant preexisting condition. Days after she was on the Affordable Care Act, a car-diologist told her one of her heart valves was failing and she would need another surgery immediately, and she has told us that she ‘‘would have died’’ had she not had that coverage. In addition to Diane and Carlos and the other 22 million Americans who would have been denied affordable health care before the Affordable Care Act and Medicaid expansion, there are an additional 7 million Americans on the health care exchanges today who are projected to totally lose that cov-erage if Republicans pull the plug on the Affordable Care Act. That is over 30 million Americans who will lose access to affordable care directly. There is no doubt that in those health care exchanges, we have seen in-creases in premiums and some of the copays, and we need to do something about it, which is why I and many of my colleagues have put forward ideas to address the increases we are seeing in the health care exchanges in terms of costs. We put those ideas on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.049 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES104 January 5, 2017 
table, and we would welcome our Re-publican colleagues to join us to im-prove the Affordable Care Act. You don’t fix a health care system, you don’t fix those problems by blowing up the entire Affordable Care Act. That is not a solution. I also want to focus for a moment on the tens of millions of Americans who are not included in that 30 million who benefit directly from the Affordable Care Act but who are benefitting right now from ObamaCare. They may not realize it now, but mark my word they are going to face very unpleasant and unexpected consequences if the Afford-able Care Act is ripped apart. First, let us take a look at the over-whelming number of Americans who get their health care not on the health care exchanges but through their pri-vate employer—most Members of this body, most Americans. The premiums in those plans have actually risen much more slowly since the Affordable Care Act was enacted than before. The overwhelming number of Americans who are on those plans have benefited dramatically from the reduction of costs. Why did that happen? Because all those people who had been pre-viously denied access to health care who are in the ObamaCare exchanges, they used to show up in the hospital as their primary care provider or, since they weren’t getting any care at all be-cause they couldn’t afford the bill, they were showing up at those hos-pitals when there was an emergency, when cost was most expensive. We don’t deny people care in an emer-gency, and then they get the bill and they can’t pay the bill. That is why so many people were going bankrupt in America before the Affordable Care Act. But somebody pays. Who pays? Well, everybody else in the system pays. Everybody else who has private insurance through their employer pays or taxpayers in States pay for the un-compensated care that hospitals would otherwise have to carry. In the end, people’s premiums were going up really fast, but by providing the health care system through ObamaCare for those exchanges, however imperfect, it has helped those other tens of millions of Americans. Let us look at Medicare beneficiaries, millions of seniors. Watch out. Their costs are going to rise in three and maybe four ways right away. First of all, their Part B premiums that every senior on Medicare pays are going to go up. Why is that? Because as part of the Affordable Care Act, we got rid of some of the overpayments, the excessive subsidies that were being paid to certain providers, including some of the managed care providers who were paid, on average, 115 percent more than fee for service. We said that makes no sense. That is a waste of Medicare beneficiaries’ money. So we reformed that by saving the Medicare system money. We also save the Medi-care beneficiaries money in their pre-miums because those premiums are set partly to the overall cost of Medicare. If you reduce the cost of Medicare in a smart way, you reduce those pre-miums. That is why seniors have seen such slow increases in their Part B pre-miums since the enactment of the Af-fordable Care Act. Those will go right back up. Second, seniors on Medicare no longer have to pay for preventive health screenings, cancer screenings, diabetes screenings, other kinds of pre-ventive health care because we want to encourage them to identify the prob-lems early and solve them for their own health care purposes but also be-cause it saves money in the system. You get rid of the Affordable Care Act, those seniors are going to be paying premium copays for those preventive health services. Prescription drug costs. Seniors—and there are millions and millions of them who face high prescription drug costs— are benefiting today from the fact that we are steadily in the process of clos-ing the prescription drug doughnut hole. We had an absolute crisis in this country where so many seniors were faced with the difficult choices of get-ting the medications they needed to live day-to-day and keep a roof over their head. That is why we are closing the prescription drug doughnut hole. You get rid of the Affordable Care Act, all those seniors who, on average, have saved thousands of dollars with the Af-fordable Care Act are going to see their costs go up. Finally, if you enact the plan that has been put forward by the Speaker of the House, P
AULRYAN, and by the per-son who President-Elect Trump has nominated to be his Secretary of Health and Human Services, T
OM P
RICE—I encourage every American to look at their plan because they want to voucherize Medicare, and they want to save the Medicare system money by raising the prices and the risks on every Medicare beneficiary. That is the result of that plan. The Affordable Care Act benefits 30 million people directly, and we need to make sure we don’t put them in harm’s way, but it also benefits all these other people in the system, the people on the employer-provided health plans who have seen historically low premium in-creases and seniors on Medicare. Rural hospitals will be particularly hard hit by repealing the Affordable Care Act. So the proposed Republican action is going to hit those 30 million Americans, including my neighbors in Silver Spring. It is also going to hit those other tens of millions of Ameri-cans who right now may not realize the extent to which they are benefiting from the Affordable Care Act. Yet our Republican colleagues have not put for-ward a single plan to help either the 30 million or all the other Americans who are benefiting from the Affordable Care Act. Instead, we see a rush to generate chaos throughout the health care sys-tem. That is counter to what the Presi-dent-elect has said he wants. Here is what Donald Trump said on ‘‘60 Min-utes’’: Everybody’s got to be covered. 
Everybody. 
I am going to take care of everybody. 
Well, it is really important that the majority in the Senate and the House talk to the President—elect because they are not on the same road when it comes to that commitment. When the President-elect was asked about find-ing a way to keep the ObamaCare rules that prevent discrimination based on preexisting conditions, he said, ‘‘I like those very much.’’ When he was asked about the provision that allows chil-dren to stay on their parents’ insur-ance plans until they are 26 years old, he said, ‘‘We’re going to very much try to keep that.’’ Here is the dirty little secret. Many people—Republicans and Democrats in this Chamber—know there are only a very few ways you can design a health care system that meets those condi-tions. One way, which many Democrats have historically supported, is the idea of Medicare for all. The other way is the ObamaCare model. It was not al-ways known as the ObamaCare model. The foundation for ObamaCare actu-ally had its roots in the conservative Heritage Foundation think tank re-ports. It was an idea long promoted by Republicans, including many Repub-lican Senators, some of them still here today. It is an idea rooted in the con-cept of personal responsibility, the idea that every American needs to do their part and help pay for their health in-surance, otherwise, if they don’t pay, they are going to force other people to pay when they go seek that care in the emergency room or wherever it may be. In order for that idea to work, the idea that was put forward by the Herit-age Foundation, the idea in ObamaCare, everyone needs to have coverage because it would not make a lot of sense for us to be paying out all the time if we were able to wait until we got sick and then decide to pay. That is the idea of having everyone in the pool have insurance. The idea is, you don’t want to use it, but you buy that protection. If other people don’t buy the protection, then the rest of the folks feel like they are being taken ad-vantage of, which is why everyone has to be in the pool, which is why it was an idea that came out of the Heritage Foundation. In fact, I have the Heritage official report right here: Critical issues—a na-tional health care system. This was back in 1989. I want to read the three elements in the Republican plan. Element No. 1, every resident in the United States must by law be enrolled in an adequate health care plan that covers major health care costs. No. 2, for working Americans, obtain-ing health care protection must be a family responsibility. No. 3, the government’s proper role is to monitor the health market, sub-sidize needy individuals to allow them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.053 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S105 January 5, 2017 
to obtain sufficient services, and en-courage competition. That sounds like a description of ObamaCare. It is—which is why, of course, it was dubbed ‘‘RomneyCare’’ when they adopted this model for the State of Massachusetts. He adopted it based on the Republican’s Heritage model. So here is the problem: Republicans can’t come up with an alternative. That is why it has not happened for 6 years, because if you are going to come up with an alternative, you have to go to either one of two models. One is Medicare for all. The other is the idea that every American has to be in the system and the idea based on personal responsibility, which at its start was a Republican idea. When President Obama adopted it, for many months, some Republican Senators were willing to go along, but then the politics over-took them, and since then, we have had the Republicans opposing their own proposed model for providing health care. So rather than repeal and replace, since there is no replace, it is repeal and run. Here is the problem for our col-leagues politically, but more impor-tantly, here is the problem for all Americans and all our constituents: No one is going to be able to hide from the devastating consequences of undoing the Affordable Care Act, which is going to hurt not just the 30 million Ameri-cans who are directly benefiting through the exchanges and the Medi-care expansion, the Medicaid expan-sion, but also all those seniors on Medi-care and the others getting health care through their private employers. As I said at the outset, it is truly sad to see the Senate at this point and in this state, especially because of the terrible consequences it is going to have on the American people. You know, the very first time I was ever on the floor of the Senate was in 1985. I was not thinking of running for office myself at that time. It was the farthest thing from my mind. I was ac-tually working—it was in the middle of the Cold War. I was working on na-tional security and foreign policy issues for a moderate Republican Sen-ator by the name of ‘‘Mac’’ Mathias from the State of Maryland. I talked about the desks of the Sen-ate at the outset of my remarks. Sen-ator Mathias sat right there, one seat behind the seat Senator B
OOKER is sit-ting in right now. Great to see you. That is where Senator Mathias sat. The reason I happened to be sitting next to him that day is he was working with Senator Kennedy that day. Sen-ator Kennedy was at a desk back there, I believe. It was the second from the aisle. It had been his brother Jack Ken-nedy’s desk in the Senate before him. Even though there were many desks between the desk of Senator Kennedy and the desk of Senator Mathias and the center aisle between them, they were able to work together for the good of the country, just as many Senators from both parties have done since. That is the way the Senate is supposed to work. That is the way the Senate was described in the Robert Caro book that Republicans and Democrats alike told us to read as new Members before we came here. I am really glad to be here. I am ex-cited to get to work on behalf of Mary-landers and work for the good of our State and the country. I wish it could have been at a moment when the Sen-ate was not hellbent on breaking the very traditions that have made it great, the tradition of being a delibera-tive body and not using right out of the gate, the very first thing, a process to short-circuit the will of the minority party. That is not what any of us were taught the Senate was about. It is particularly troubling that the Senate is engaged in breaking that tra-dition in order to undermine affordable health care for tens of millions of Americans and generate chaos in our health care system. I will fight every day to prevent that from happening. I will also fight every day to try to live up to the true tradition of the Sen-ate, which is people trying to work to-gether for the good of the country. It is disappointing to be here at a time when the Senate is embarked on vio-lating that tradition in order to strip Americans of their health care. I hope we will not let that happen. I will fight every day to prevent that from hap-pening and then work with my col-leagues to try to make sure we address the real priorities and concerns of the American people. I thank my colleagues for joining me on the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. SUL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, be-cause—— Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, may I ask my colleague to yield for just one moment? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senator from Iowa yield? Mr. GRASSLEY. Yes, for one mo-ment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Thank you. I appre-ciate the courtesy. I just wanted to take this time to welcome Senator V
AN H
OLLEN to the Senate. Senator V AN H
OLLEN gave his maiden speech from the desk that was held by Senator Mi-kulski. I know Senator Mikulski would be very proud of what he said here on the floor and very proud of Senator V
ANHOLLEN being here in the Senate. I look forward to working with him. I want to tell the people of Maryland and the people of this Nation that what you heard tonight, you heard a person who is committed to making our sys-tem work, who is committed to work-ing with every Member of the Senate. But he will stand up for the principles and will stand up on behalf of the peo-ple of Maryland. Again, welcome. It is wonderful to have him here in the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I just want to add my commendation. It was such a well done, brilliant, articulate, carefully thought out speech. But it is not a surprise because our new Sen-ator, the junior Senator from Mary-land, is like that. We are so excited to have him and our freshman class— some of his colleagues came here today. We wish it had been larger in quantity, but they sure make up for it in quality, as Senator VANHOLLEN ’s speech showed. And parenthetically, maybe he will be able to increase that quantity in one of his other new jobs. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, it is because of ObamaCare that the health insurance markets in this country are badly damaged. They have gotten worse each year. They are now near collapse. You were told 8 years ago that if you like your health insurance, you can keep it. Millions can’t. If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. Mil-lions of Americans were not able to keep their doctor. You were told that your health insurance premiums would go down $2,500. They have actually gone up probably $3,500. Some people don’t have a choice in plans. Some counties don’t even have a plan in the exchange. If you could get a plan, you might not be able to afford it. If you could afford the plan, you might not be able to use it because of the high co-payments you have to have. So it is not a very good situation. It took 6 years for the health insur-ance market to get as bad as I just de-scribed. It will take time for those markets to be restored. The next few years in health care will be challenging if ObamaCare is repealed or even if it is not repealed. If ObamaCare is not re-pealed, it will be even longer before Americans have access to a functioning health insurance market and the insur-ance plans they want. When it comes to health care, every second counts. We owe it to the Amer-ican people who are sick or who could get sick, as well as families and busi-nesses trying to plan for the future, to start fixing that problem right now. That is the result of the election. That is what the Senate is going to do. The Affordable Care Act, which could more appropriately be called the Unaffordable Care Act, has been a case of over-promise and under-delivery. People were told that their premiums would go down and that if they liked their doctor, their hospital, or their health care plan, they could keep all of it. The reality is much different. More than half of the country had two or fewer insurance plans from which to choose this year. Some regions had no insurance plans available at all. Even those who were strong supporters of the health care law, like the Minnesota Governor whom I like to quote, have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.055 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES106 January 5, 2017 
said the Affordable Care Act ‘‘is no longer affordable to many Americans.’’ In my State of Iowa, the Affordable Care Act premium increases this year were over 40 percent for many individ-uals. Few people, of course, can afford that. Families that did manage to pur-chase Affordable Care Act insurance found that they could no longer afford to use it. One Iowan recently called my office and told me that his premiums have in-creased 400 percent in 3 years. He also said that his deductible went up to— can you believe it—$14,000. Last year, one of his children had a major medical problem, and they had to pay for all of that care out of their pocket—not from the insurance. The family paid $12,000 for the Affordable Care Act insurance, which did not pay for any health care. Of course, that just doesn’t make any sense whatsoever. The problem is that the Affordable Care Act did nothing to address the un-derlying causes of the high cost of health care; that is, what it costs for a hospital or a doctor to purchase or maintain medical equipment, purchase medicines, carry malpractice insur-ance, and a lot of other costs they have. Rather than address the actual cost to care, President Obama and his col-leagues chose to bypass real health care reform for an unsustainable enti-tlement and bureaucratic mandates that have priced people out of the health insurance market, rather than provide those same people with afford-able and quality coverage. So we are at it now. It is time for real health care reform, not the mis-guided policies that we were promised 8 years ago that now have turned out to be what I describe as misguided poli-cies. It is time to deliver to Americans what we were promised. It is time to provide accessible, affordable health care to all Americans. But my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle need to work with us. They know that the Affordable Care Act is falling apart. They know it is unaffordable. As we have heard in speeches this week, the other side is trying to dis-tract attention from the Affordable Care Act collapse by using scare tac-tics, like you recently heard. It is time for the Democrats to step up, instead of doubling down. It is time for states-manship, not gamesmanship. It is time for the Democrats to stop defending the ‘‘un-Affordable Care Act’’ and de-liver Americans what was promised. I look forward to working with my colleagues and the Trump administra-tion to deliver affordable health care to all Americans in the tradition of the Senate, which is what didn’t happen in 2009. It was strictly a one-party pro-gram put before the Congress to pass. That is why it has failed—because so many of the people who could have made a good bill pass in 2009 were shut out of the process because this body had 60 Democratic Members and they didn’t have to pay any attention to Re-publicans. They spent maybe 8 or 9 months try-ing to work with the Republicans to negotiate a bipartisan deal. But before that was completed, they said: Take it or leave it. The Republican minority at that time was not going to be dictated to, and we were pushed out of the room. Then what ended up being the Afford-able Care Act was written in the big black hole of Senate Majority Leader Reid’s office, without the bipartisan input which has made so many social programs in America successful. I would name the Social Security Act. I would name civil rights legislation, Medicare legislation, and Medicaid leg-islation, which all had broad bipartisan support to get them passed. In the case of the Civil Rights Act, a higher pro-portion of Republicans voted for it than Democrats voted for it—just one example. That is the tradition of the Senate when you have major social legislation that has been successful, and that is why the Affordable Care Act was not successful—because it was strictly a partisan approach that was used to have it become law. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, January 9, the Senate vote in relation to the Paul amend-ment No. 1; further, that the Senate vote in relation to the Sanders amend-ment No. 19 at 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday, January 10. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, it is my understanding that we will have a side-by-side amendment to the Sanders amendment, and we will circulate that amendment as soon as possible. 
f 
TO CONSTITUTE THE MAJORITY PARTY’S MEMBERSHIP ON CER-TAIN COMMITTEES FOR THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 7, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 7) to constitute the majority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are cho-sen. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 7) was agreed to. (The resolution is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-nority leader. 
f 
TO CONSTITUTE THE MINORITY PARTY’S MEMBERSHIP ON CER-TAIN COMMITTEES FOR THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 8, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 8) to constitute the minority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are cho-sen. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 8) was agreed to. (The resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, these committee resolutions reflect the fact that Senator B
LUNT will remain chair and Senator S
CHUMER will remain ranking member of the Rules Com-mittee until the inaugural ceremonies have been completed. It is my understanding that following the inauguration, Senator S
HELBY will become chair and Senator K
LOBUCHAR  will become ranking member of the Rules Committee. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-nority leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you, Mr. President. We have just agreed to the com-mittee resolution numbers on each committee. I would make just a couple of points, if I might. Our caucus has some serious con-cerns about letting the Intelligence Committee and Armed Services Com-mittee exclusively handle the issue of Russia’s interference in the election. While much of the information relat-ing to Russia’s interference in our elec-tion can be pulled together by the In-telligence and Armed Services Com-mittees, the legislative actions that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.056 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S107 January 5, 2017 
will be required to respond fully to Russia’s interference need to be a wide- ranging endeavor that can only be done by a select committee. I have spoken with Leader M
CCON-
NELL . I have told him that we will let the committee organizing resolution go forward, but I did put the majority leader on notice that if the work of the Intelligence and Armed Services Com-mittees is deemed insufficient or in-complete or taking too long, this mat-ter may well need to be revisited before the committee funding resolution comes up in February. Also, I understand additional infor-mation with respect to Russia’s inter-ference in our election will be released in the coming days, and that could also change our view as to the way we ought to proceed. I have spoken to the majority leader about these concerns. He carefully lis-tened, and we will keep a careful eye on how things are going in the Intel-ligence and Armed Services Commit-tees with regard to Russia’s inter-ference in the election. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a colloquy with the Democratic leader. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMMITTEE FUNDING Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, in the 112th Congress the Senate adopted a new funding allocation for Senate committees. This approach has served the Senate well for the past three Con-gresses. I believe this approach will continue to serve the interests of the Senate and the public, regardless of which party is in the majority, by help-ing to retain core committee staff with institutional knowledge. This funding allocation is based on the party divi-sion of the Senate, with 10 percent of the total majority and minority salary baseline going to the majority for ad-ministrative expenses. However, re-gardless of the party division of the Senate, the minority share of the ma-jority and minority salary baseline will never be less than 40 percent, and the majority share will not exceed 60 per-cent. It is my intent that this approach will continue to serve the Senate for this Congress and future Congresses. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, this approach met our needs for the last three Congresses, and I too would like to see it continue. In addition, special reserves have been restored to its his-toric purpose. We should continue to fund special reserves to the extent pos-sible in order to be able to assist com-mittees that face urgent, unantici-pated, nonrecurring needs. Recognizing the tight budgets we will face for the foreseeable future, it is necessary to continue to bring funding authoriza-tions more in line with our actual re-sources while ensuring that commit-tees are able to fulfill their responsibil-ities. I look forward to continuing to work with the majority leader to ac-complish this. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a joint leadership letter be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JOINT LEADERSHIP LETTER  We mutually commit to the following for the 115th Congress: The Rules Committee is to determine the budgets of the committees of the Senate. The budgets of the committees, including joint and special committees, and all other subgroups, shall be apportioned to reflect the ratio of the Senate as of this date, including an additional ten percent (10%) from the ma-jority and minority salary baseline to be al-located to the chairman for administrative expenses. Special Reserves has been restored to its historic purpose. Requests for funding will only be considered when submitted by a com-mittee chairman and ranking member for unanticipated, non-recurring needs. Such re-quests shall be granted only upon the ap-proval of the chairman and ranking member of the Rules Committee. Funds for committee expenses shall be available to each chairman consistent with the Senate rules and practices of the 114th Congress. The division of committee office space shall be commensurate with this funding agreement. The chairman and ranking member of any committee may, by mutual agreement, mod-ify the apportionment of committee funding and office space. f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2017—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 19, which is at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to setting aside the pending amendment? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. S ANDERS ] proposes an amendment numbered 19. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To prevent the Senate from break-ing Donald Trump’s promise that ‘‘there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medi-care, and Medicaid’’) At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD BREAK DONALD TRUMP’S PROMISE NOT TO CUT SO-CIAL SECURITY, MEDICARE, OR MED-ICAID. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would— (1) result in a reduction of guaranteed ben-efits scheduled under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.); (2) increase either the early or full retire-ment age for the benefits described in para-graph (1); (3) privatize Social Security; (4) result in a reduction of guaranteed ben-efits for individuals entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under the Medicare program under title XVIII of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.); or (5) result in a reduction of benefits or eligi-bility for individuals enrolled in, or eligible to receive medical assistance through, a State Medicaid plan or waiver under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). (b) WAIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up amendment No. 20. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. S ANDERS ], for Ms. H
IRONO , proposes an amendment numbered 20. 
Mr. SANDERS. I ask unanimous con-sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To protect the Medicare and Medicaid programs) At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD PRIVATIZE MEDI-CARE OR LIMIT FEDERAL FUNDING FOR MEDICAID. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would— (1) privatize the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) or turn the program into a voucher system; (2) increase the eligibility age under the Medicare program; or (3) block grant the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.), impose per capita spending caps on State Medicaid programs, or decrease coverage under such program from current levels. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.058 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES108 January 5, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FOREIGN CULTURAL EXCHANGE JURISDICTIONAL IMMUNITY CLARIFICATION BILL Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, in the final hour of our legislative business early last December 10, we passed a re-markable bill. It had no ideological di-vision, did not cost the taxpayers a dime, and will benefit Americans in every part of the country. And, like the House did, we passed it unanimously. This bill had the somewhat unwieldy title of the Foreign Cultural Exchange Jurisdictional Immunity Clarification Act. While not lending itself to a catchy acronym, it is accurately de-scriptive. For more than 50 years, a Federal law has provided legal protec-tion for art loaned by foreign govern-ments for exhibition in the United States. Confidence in that protection is an essential piece of the complex ar-rangements that can take years to complete in order to bring wonderful exhibits to American museums for ev-eryone to enjoy. America has hundreds of museums of all sorts. The art museum at Brigham Young University, for example, is one of the largest and best attended in the Mountain West. When it began working on a major exhibition of art from Is-lamic countries, some of its loan re-quests were unexpectedly denied. It turns out that a 2007 Federal court de-cision had made such loans risky, rath-er than secure. After that court deci-sion, the act of lending, even after State Department review and approval, could actually lead to a new category of lawsuits against the foreign lenders. This legislation, now signed into law, reverses that court decision and clari-fies that lending art after State De-partment review does not raise the pos-sibility of new litigation. Foreign gov-ernments can once again have con-fidence that lending art for exhibition will improve cultural understanding and enrich people’s lives without the threat of new lawsuits. The bill has two narrow exceptions. I want to thank Dr. Wesley Fisher, di-rector of research at the Conference on Jewish Material Claims against Ger-many, and Rabbi Andrew Baker, direc-tor of International Jewish Affairs at the American Jewish Committee, for their help in drafting the exception for Nazi-era claims. The second exception covers comparable state-sponsored co-ercive campaigns of cultural plunder. Art that was looted in such a campaign should not be given protection for exhi-bition in the United States. The senior Senator from California, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , was my principal part-ner in this effort. She and her staff have been patient, thoughtful, and dedicated; in particular, I want to thank her chief counsel, Eric Haren, and counsel Lartease Tiffith for work-ing so diligently with my own chief counsel, Tom Jipping. The problem to be solved was clear, but it was chal-lenging to find the right language to solve that problem without unintended consequences. I also want to thank the Association of Art Museum Directors, their direc-tor of government affairs Anita Difanis, and their special counsel Josh Knerly. They have been committed to this goal from the start, and their ef-fort began with educating many of us about this unique area of law and pol-icy. They mobilized hundreds of art in-stitutions and associations to support this bill. And they were flexible about many things while staying focused on the essentials. I gratefully acknowledge the con-sistent support for this legislation from the BYU Museum of Art, the Utah Fine Arts Museum, and the Utah Muse-ums Association. We have a vibrant art community in Utah, and this legisla-tion means that these fine institutions have additional opportunities to bring new experiences to the people in our great State. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the RECORD fol-lowing my remarks a letter from James S. Snyder, director of The Israel Museum in Jerusalem. He writes that the risk of new lawsuits has been ‘‘a disincentive to lend works to American museums,’’ but that this legislation ‘‘will ensure that museums worldwide can continue to lend to American mu-seums in the precise spirit of inter-national cultural cooperation that U.S. Immunity from Seizure protection was intended to provide.’’ That, in a nut-shell, is the problem and the solution we are enacting today. This legislation restores the con-fidence that foreign governments need to lend art for exhibitions that Ameri-cans across the country can enjoy. That is something we can all be proud of. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
THEISRAEL MUSEUM , Jerusalem, March 17, 2013. Hon. O
RRIN HATCH , U.S. Senate, Hart Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATOR HATCH : I am Director of The Israel Museum, Jerusalem, an encyclopedic museum embracing the history of material world culture from pre-historic archaeology of the ancient Holy Land through the rise of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam; Jewish world culture; and the fine arts of the West-ern and non-Western traditions. Our collec-tions comprise over 500,000 objects, and our 600,000 sq. ft. campus sits on a signature 20- acre site in Jerusalem. We are internation-ally active as producers of temporary exhibi-tions in Jerusalem and internationally and as major borrowers and lenders from sister institutions worldwide. Our international museum community, which enjoys a close and collegial relation-ship with our American counterparts, is con-cerned about the trend toward a weakening of the Immunity from Seizure protection customarily offered by U.S. museums when they request loans from foreign museums. These concerns are two-fold: First, that foreign museums risk being sued in connection with works loaned to an American exhibition if there is a question that works on loan are held by their lending institutions in violation of international law. The act of lending can therefore be used as the basis to seek damages in a U.S. court, which is counter to the premise that Immu-nity from Seizure protects works on loan from legal action while they are on loan; and Secondly, foreign museums that loan works with clear provenance to an American exhibition may nonetheless be sued with re-gard to other works in their collections that may lack full provenance. In this regard, the simple act of lending, in the spirit of inter-national exchange, opens us to possible claims with regard to any and all works in our collections. Each of these potential circumstances raises troubling concerns, and, taken to-gether, they are a disincentive to lend works to American museums, given the potential risk of suit in U.S. courts. And this prospect is exactly what U.S. Immunity from Seizure was originally established to avoid. Anything that you can do to strengthen Immunity from Seizure in the U.S. will en-sure that museums worldwide can continue to lend to American museums in the precise spirit of international cultural cooperation that U.S. Immunity from Seizure protection was intended to provide. Please let me know if I can answer any fur-ther questions in this matter. Sincerely, JAMES S. S NYDER , Director. f 
TRIBUTE TO SARAH R. SALDAN˜A Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, today I would like to pay tribute to a dedi-cated public servant and Texan, Sarah R. Saldan˜a. Ms. Saldan˜a is stepping down as Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, ICE, and re-tiring after many years of Federal service. Born as the youngest of seven chil-dren to working-class parents in Cor-pus Christi, TX, Director Saldan˜a learned the importance of hard work and education at a young age. After she graduated from W.B. Ray High School in 1970, Director Saldan˜a at-tended Del Mar Junior College and graduated summa cum laude from Texas A&M, formerly Texas A&I, Uni-versity in 1973. Shortly thereafter, she began her career as an 8th grade lan-guage arts teacher at D.A. Hulcy Mid-dle School in Dallas. Later, she worked as a technician for the Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Commission, EEOC, and as an investigator and manage-ment intern for the Department of Housing and Urban Development, HUD. Additionally, she worked as a Federal Representative for the Department of Labor Employment and Training Ad-ministration until 1981. Ms. Saldan˜a then decided to pursue a legal education at Southern Methodist University, SMU, in Dallas, TX, where she earned her J.D. in 1984. Following graduation, she clerked for the Honor-able U.S. District Judge Barefoot Sand-ers. As a trial attorney, Director Saldan˜a was an associate for the law firms of Haynes and Boone, and then Baker Botts, where she became partner in their trial department. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.061 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S109 January 5, 2017 
In 2004, she returned to public service and became an assistant U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Texas, where she prosecuted a variety of criminal cases. She also served as the deputy criminal chief in charge of the district’s major fraud and public cor-ruption section. In 2011, Ms. Saldan˜a was nominated and confirmed to become the first Latina United States attorney in the history of Texas and only the second woman to hold that position in the 135- year history of Texas’ Northern Dis-trict—a region that includes the Dal-las-Fort Worth Metroplex and spans 100 counties and stretches across 95,000 square miles. In 2014, Ms. Saldan˜a was confirmed to lead the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. As ICE’s Director, she helped to oversee the largest investiga-tive agency within the Department of Homeland Security and to protect the safety and security of the United States. Throughout her career, she has served with integrity and character. Ms. Saldan˜a has served the people of Texas and the United States with honor—fighting illegal immigration, public corruption, organized crime, sexual predators, and other dangerous criminals. Her legacy will continue to benefit the American people and I join with her family, friends, and coworkers in saying that her experience and dedica-tion to public service will be missed. I offer my appreciation to Sarah R. Saldan˜a for her service to our Nation and send my best wishes for the years ahead. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. BETH BELL Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize an exceptional pub-lic servant, Dr. Beth Bell, who is retir-ing from the directorship of the Na-tional Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases, NCEZID, at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, CDC. Dr. Bell began her career with the CDC in 1992, in my home State, as an epidemic intelligence service, EIS, offi-cer assigned to the Washington State Department of Health, where she led a seminal investigation into E. coli in-fections. After completing her EIS training, she moved to CDC Atlanta to join the hepatitis branch in the divi-sion of viral and rickettsial diseases, later serving as chief of the epidemi-ology branch in the division of viral hepatitis. During her 13 years working on viral hepatitis, she led important ef-forts to better understand the epidemi-ology of hepatitis A in the United States, applying this knowledge to the development and implementation of hepatitis A vaccination policy. These extraordinary efforts contributed to re-ductions in national hepatitis A inci-dence of more than 95 percent. She also worked on implementation of global infant hepatitis A and B vaccination programs during the early days of the Global Alliance for Vaccines Initiative. She later served as the acting deputy director of the National Center for Im-munization and Respiratory Diseases during the H1N1 influenza pandemic be-fore being appointed director of the newly formed Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases, NCEZID, in 2010. In that role, Dr. Bell has been at the forefront of the agency’s critical and complex emergency response efforts. In 2014–2015, Dr. Bell was called upon to lead the center through the largest Ebola epidemic in history. After reach-ing a near breaking point where, ac-cording to CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden, it was ‘‘spiraling out of con-trol’’ in late 2014, the epidemic was contained through the aggressive use of proven outbreak-control measures such as patient isolation and contact tracing. In 2016, Dr. Bell found herself leading the response to yet another pandemic as Zika exploded in South and Central America, Puerto Rico and the Carib-bean, and Florida. The impact of Zika on women and children through microcephaly, a life-threatening condi-tion in which children are born with unusually small heads, was heart-breaking and historically significant— never before has a mosquito-borne in-fection caused such devastating birth defects. CDC’s early alert—under Dr. Bell’s leadership—to people traveling to countries with Zika likely prevented an untold number of infections among women of child-bearing age; and, con-tinuing through her very last day of Federal service, Dr. Bell was critical in CDC’s support for U.S. territories, cit-ies, and States—as well as other im-pacted countries. In addition, Dr. Bell oversaw the Cen-ter’s response to chikungunya spread-ing throughout the Americas in 2013–14, the second-largest outbreak of West Nile virus disease in the United States in 2012, and hundreds of outbreaks of foodborne disease. Her leadership of the Center during each of these outbreaks has been remarkable, and all Ameri-cans have benefited from her steady hand and commitment to service. Dr. Bell also held leadership roles during CDC responses to the 2001 anthrax at-tacks and Hurricane Katrina in 2005. Her outstanding leadership, scientific judgment, and expertise have been crit-ical to the success of the Center in these endeavors. In 2012, she was called upon to lead the Center’s response to the fungal meningitis outbreak associated with contaminated steroid products—Amer-ica’s largest healthcare related out-break ever. The New York Times called it ‘‘one of the most shocking outbreaks in the annals of American medicine.’’ Following her testimony before the Senate HELP committee, Dr. Bell was lauded for CDC’s prompt and decisive role in the response, which likely pre-vented many hundreds of infections and deaths among patients who would otherwise have received injections of fungus-contaminated medication. She also directed two new cross-cut-ting infectious disease initiatives that have already shown benefits to the field of public health: the Advanced Molecular Detection, AMD, and the Antibiotic Resistance Solutions Initia-tives, Together, these initiatives are helping scientists better understand how infections spread and transforming our national capacity to detect, re-spond, contain, and prevent drug-re-sistant infections. Because of Dr. Bell’s leadership, our Nation will be better equipped to address the growing threat of antibiotic resistance, as well as a myriad of other public health threats. Dr. Bell exemplifies steadfastness and courage in protecting the Nation’s health. She has demonstrated an un-wavering level of dedication and pas-sion for public health at all levels, rec-ognizing the important roles of State, local, county, tribal, and Federal part-ners. Dr. Bell has been a true public serv-ant. I ask that we honor Dr. Bell today for her invaluable leadership to the CDC and America’s public health ef-forts. f 
TRIBUTE TO RAY MABUS Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Secretary Ray Mabus on his retirement as the 75th Secretary of the Navy. It has been a great pleasure to work with Secretary Mabus during his impressive and sto-ried tenure as the longest serving Sec-retary of the Navy since World War I. Since his confirmation in 2009, Sec-retary Mabus has continually re-affirmed his commitment to ensuring America’s naval forces are second to none. During his more than 7 years of service, Secretary Mabus has also dem-onstrated an unwavering commitment to building our naval fleet and sup-porting America’s shipbuilding indus-trial base. He has put 84 ships under contract across the country, more than the last three Navy secretaries com-bined, and invested significantly in our aging shipbuilding infrastructure. Secretary Mabus’s focus on increas-ing shipbuilding has allowed the men and women at Bath Iron Works, BIW, to continue building high-quality de-stroyers, which are the workhorses of our Navy. To allow the Navy to operate these ships to their fullest potential while remaining mindful of the budget constraints faced by our military, Sec-retary Mabus supported energy initia-tives to reduce dependence on fossil fuels. His focus on power-saving tech-nologies, like diesel-electric plants in new ships, has reduced the Navy and Marine Corps’ fuel expenses by 30 per-cent. In Maine, Portsmouth Naval Ship-yard, PNSY, has received approxi-mately $100 million in modernization funds since 2009, enabling it to main-tain its status as the gold standard for public naval shipyards and further 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA6.037 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES110 January 5, 2017 
hone its efficiency and effectiveness in submarine repair. While advancing these reforms, Sec-retary Mabus visited Navy and Marine Corps installations across the globe, traveling over 1.3 million miles to over 150 countries and territories and all 50 States. When measured in distance, Secretary Mabus has travelled to the moon and back almost three times. In 2009, he and I visited the hard-working men and women at BIW and PNSY to-gether. Since that first visit, Secretary Mabus has worked tirelessly to support our shipbuilding industrial base and ensure our Navy and Marine Corps have the tools they need to succeed. In addition, Secretary Mabus’s lead-ership in 2010 on the Gulf Coast’s long- term recovery plan following the Deep-water Horizon oil spill was exemplary. His work securing the future of the Gulf Coast made Americans and cer-tainly his home State of Mississippi proud. Finally, his emphasis on platforms, power, and partnerships allowed our Navy to grow in strength, but Sec-retary Mabus never forgot those who make the system work: the people. Secretary Mabus was instrumental in advancing the repeal of don’t ask, don’t tell in 2011, a harmful policy that barred Americans from serving their country simply because of their sexual orientation. His efforts helped to en-sure that all patriots who willingly an-swer the call to arms may proudly serve their Nation. Similarly, as discussions on military integration have evolved with a new focus on women in combat, Secretary Mabus again stepped up to become a leader on gender equality in the mili-tary. His support for integration of women into the Navy and Marine Corps, in all occupations and special-ties, and his expansion of maternity leave have ensured that women can serve in the military jobs they love. Secretary Mabus has also taken steps to support career flexibility, con-tinuing education, and family well- being for all members of the Navy and Marine Corps. He worked to ensure that all those who serve in uniform are provided the mental health care they need and deserve. By supporting and empowering a dedicated, intelligent, and committed personnel base, Sec-retary Mabus has enabled our Navy to remain the powerful fighting force that it is today. With his retirement, we lose a true patriot who served his country as a ci-vilian, as well as in uniform, and we lose a visionary leader who saw how our Armed Forces could be better—and did everything in his power to make it happen. It has been a personal and pro-fessional pleasure to work with Sec-retary Mabus, and I wish him fair winds and following seas. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN AND STEPHANIE HEKKEL ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I have the honor of recognizing John and Stephanie Hekkel of Anaconda in cele-bration of the rebuilding of Club Moderne. The bar had been considered an area landmark since its founding in 1937 and was truly a sight to behold. With its rounded front facade and Carrara glass panels, it reflected the Art Deco style of the time of its founding. It was de-signed by Bozeman-based architect Fred Willson and built by local car-penters and craftspeople under the di-rection of the first owner, John ‘‘Skin-ny’’ Francisco. Until recently, the Club Moderne had changed very little since its opening day, and in 1986, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. In 1997, the Francisco family sold the bar to a close friend, longtime bar-tender, and Anaconda native John Hekkel who continued its legacy as a flagship watering hole, especially for area law enforcement and firefighters, while maintaining its retro atmos-phere. A recent Yelp review described tak-ing a step inside ‘‘like walking inside a time capsule!’’ Last April, it also won the top award in The Big Tap: 2016 Historic Bars Tournament Championship, an online contest sponsored by the National Trust for Historic Preservation. Unfortunately, Club Moderne was de-stroyed in a fire in October, a tragic loss to the Anaconda community. The night the fire happened, I under-stand John Hekkel stayed at the bar until 4:00 in the morning and, after the fire was extinguished, grabbed a shovel and physically helped with the cleanup. Just this week, I was thrilled to hear the Hekkels announce plans to rebuild the bar and restore this historic estab-lishment. This is a true Montana story. Mon-tanans pull themselves up by their bootstraps, even in times of hardship or loss. I invite fellow Montanans to stop by to try whatever’s on tap or a Moscow Mule, which is an Anaconda specialty. The Hekkels, through Club Moderne, have welcomed those just passing through our State and native Mon-tanans alike for generations. As small business owners, they have brought their community together. I wish them all my best as they restore Club Moderne and renew it as a bright spot in the Anaconda community. I look forward to visiting with John and Stephanie there when they reopen. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:29 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills and joint resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 21. An act to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc consideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes. H.R. 69. An act to authorize the Office of Special Counsel, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide modifications to au-thorities relating to the Office of Special Counsel, and for other purposes. H.R. 70. An act to amend the Federal Advi-sory Committee Act to increase the trans-parency of Federal advisory committees, and for other purposes. H.R. 71. An act to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and per-formance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, and for other purposes. H.R. 72. An act to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to information. H.R. 73. An act to amend title 44, United States Code, to require information on con-tributors to Presidential library fundraising organizations, and for other purposes. H. J. Res. 3. Joint resolution approving the location of a memorial to commemorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces who served on active duty in support of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills and joint resolu-tion were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and re-ferred as indicated: 
H.R. 21. An act to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for en bloc consideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 69. An act to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide modifications to au-thorities relating to the Office of Special Counsel, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 70. An act to amend the Federal Advi-sory Committee Act to increase the trans-parency of Federal advisory committees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs . H.R. 71. An act to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and per-formance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 72. An act to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05JA6.050 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S111 January 5, 2017 
information; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 73. An act to amend title 44, United States Code, to require information on con-tributors to Presidential library fundraising organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. H.J. Res. 3. Joint resolution approving the location of a memorial to commemorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces who served on active duty in support of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–1. A resolution adopted by the Senate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania urg-ing the President of the United States and the United States Congress to review the changes to the Federal floodplain manage-ment regulations to assess whether excep-tions should be made for potential building projects; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 421 Whereas, Blight is a growing problem in many communities in this Commonwealth; and Whereas, Changes made to the Federal floodplain management regulations were issued by executive order in January 2015; and Whereas, Flood insurance is now required under the executive order, making the rede-velopment and revitalization of older, blight-ed properties financially straining; and Whereas, Federal agencies are obligated to apply these standards to all Federal actions, including federally approved permits, feder-ally backed home loans and flood insurance regulations and many Housing and Urban Development programs, including the Low- Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) pro-gram; and Whereas, While these changes were in-tended to enhance the safety and security of citizens during floods and to diminish the risk of flood loss, the modifications to the Federal floodplain management regulations have hindered the ability of our older com-munities to develop creative, nonprohibitive ways to renovate abandoned buildings: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate of the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania urge the President and the Congress of the United States to re-view the changes to the Federal floodplain management regulations to assess whether exceptions should be made for potential building projects so that applications can be submitted to the Pennsylvania Housing Fi-nance Agency for review and consideration under the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit program and so that the applications are not at an economic disadvantage; and be it fur-ther Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States, to the presiding officers of each house of Congress and to each member of Congress from Pennsylvania. 
POM–2. A resolution adopted by the Legis-lature of the State of Florida urging the United States Congress to enact legislation to promote economic recovery in the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H
OUSE MEMORIAL 601 Whereas, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the State of Florida share a strong cultural bond and are important trade part-ners, and Whereas, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico has experienced a prolonged and dif-ficult economic recession that has led to mass unemployment in Puerto Rico and de-creased trade opportunities with the State of Florida, and Whereas, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico has public debts in excess of $72 billion, which continue to cripple Puerto Rico’s abil-ity to improve and sustain economic growth, and Whereas, the 1984 amendments to the United States Bankruptcy Code prohibit the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico from author-izing its municipalities and public utilities to file for bankruptcy relief under Chapter 9 of the code, and Whereas, the United States Bankruptcy Code amendments require Puerto Rico’s mu-nicipalities and public utilities to engage in piecemeal negotiations with each of their creditors, rather than consolidating debt and developing a comprehensive plan for repay-ment, and Whereas, the citizens of Puerto Rico are suffering greatly due to their government’s inability to renegotiate the terms of this debt under a comprehensive plan, and Whereas, the United States Government has an obligation to promote and assist the economic prosperity of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico as an important territory of our nation, and Whereas, the United States Congress elimi-nated a tax exemption for manufacturers from Section 936 of the Internal Revenue Code, greatly contributing to an increase in unemployment in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and Whereas, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico would greatly benefit from new ideas and programs that promote economic devel-opment to bring high paying jobs back to Puerto Rico, and Whereas, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the State of Florida would both benefit from Puerto Rico’s renewed eco-nomic prosperity, and Whereas, the national debt of the United States is currently more than $19 trillion. Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Legislature of the State of Florida: That the Congress of the United States is urged to enact legislation to promote eco-nomic recovery in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico consistent with sound fiscal principles necessary to reduce the national debt; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this memorial be dispatched to the President of the United States, to the President of the United States Senate, to the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and to each mem-ber of the Florida delegation to the United States Congress. POM–3. A resolution adopted by the Senate of the State of Michigan urging the Presi-dent of the United States and the United States Congress to curb and clarify the role and authority of the United States Depart-ment of Education as it relates to the ‘‘sup-plement not supplant’’ provisions in the Every Student Succeeds Act; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 214 Whereas, The federal Every Student Suc-ceeds Act (ESSA) requires that federal Title I funding to low-income students supple-ments, rather than supplants, state and local dollars. This provision is intended to keep local school districts from using federal Title I dollars as a replacement for state and local dollars in low-income schools; and Whereas, To enforce this provision, the U.S. Department of Education has proposed burdensome regulations to require school districts to show that average per-pupil state and local spending in Title I schools is at least equal to the average spending in non- Title I schools. The rules allow several dif-ferent options for districts to calculate spending and demonstrate compliance with ‘‘supplement not supplant’’; and Whereas, The proposed regulations exceed the legal authority of the department and blatantly trample on explicit statutory pro-hibitions. Specific prohibitions in the ‘‘sup-plement not supplant’’ provisions include subdivision 1118(b)(4), which says, ‘‘Nothing in this section shall be construed to author-ize or permit the Secretary to prescribe the specific methodology a local educational agency uses to allocate state and local funds to each school receiving assistance under this part’’; and Whereas, School district personnel have complained that the proposed regulations would be unworkable. The School Super-intendents Association (AASA) stated that the proposed regulation ‘‘glosses over the re-alities of school finance, the reality of how and when funds are allocated, the extent to which districts do or do not have complete flexibility, the patterns of teacher sorting and hiring, and the likelihood that many students would experience the rule, as draft-ed, in a way that undermines true efforts aimed at increasing education equity’’. Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate, That we urge the President of the United States to direct the U.S. Department of Education to stop its federal overreach as it relates to the ‘‘sup-plement not supplant’’ provisions of the Every Student Succeeds Act; and be it fur-ther Resolved, That we memorialize Congress to enact legislation that clarifies the Depart-ment of Education’s role and authority as it pertains to ‘‘supplement not supplant’’ pro-visions; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, the members of the Michigan congressional delegation, and the U.S. Department of Education as public comment on proposed rules. POM–4. A resolution adopted by the Senate of the State of Michigan urging the United States Congress to pass the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Education and Re-form Act of 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. S
ENATE RESOLUTION NO. 204 Whereas, The ADA was enacted in 1990 to improve access and equality for disabled Americans. After 25 years in effect, the in-tegrity of the ADA is in question because of the onslaught of lawsuits against small busi-nesses due to minor and correctable infrac-tions; and Whereas, Small businesses provide goods and services that are vital to our economy and it is important that every effort is made to ensure disabled Americans have access to those goods and services. When there are minor and easily correctable ADA infrac-tions, small businesses are increasingly being faced with lawsuits by individuals; and Whereas, The threat or actual occurrence of a lawsuit places small business in the di-lemma of choosing whether to settle the suit or face the potentially exorbitant cost of litigation in terms of both time and money. Additionally, plaintiffs who abuse the ADA system often file multiple cases, many with businesses and properties; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Apr 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\JANUARY\S05JA7.REC S05JA7bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES112 January 5, 2017 
Whereas, The ADA Education and Reform Act of 2015 proposes to provide business own-ers an opportunity to remedy alleged ADA violations before facing the cost of legal fees. The act would provide business owners a 120– day window within which to make the public accommodation corrections that they were cited for under the ADA. It restores the ADA to its original purpose of enabling access and accommodation to disabled Americans. Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That we, the Senators of the 98th Legislature of the state of Michigan, on be-half of all citizens of this state, respectfully urge the U.S. Congress to pass the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Education and Reform Act of 2015; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and the members of the Michigan congressional dele-gation. 
POM–5. A resolution adopted by the Gen-eral Assembly of the State of New Jersey urging the United States Congress and the President of the United States to enact legis-lation to ensure that students from the State of New Jersey and throughout the United States have access to debt-free higher education at public colleges and universities; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. A
SSEMBLY RESOLUTION NO. 183 Whereas, A college education is one of the most valuable investments a family can make, but it has never been more difficult for families to afford the dream of college as the cost has grown exponentially in recent decades; and Whereas, According to the White House, the cost of college has risen more than 250 percent over the last three decades, while in-come for typical families grew by only 16 percent, making it difficult for a student to graduate without debt; and Whereas, As a result, an increasing number of young Americans, including many from New Jersey, have been forced to borrow sig-nificant amounts to afford the cost of higher education. According to a study from LendEDU, New Jersey ranks ninth in the country in student loan debt, with the aver-age student loan debt for New Jersey’s public and private college and university graduates at over $30,000 in 2016; and Whereas, Student loan debt saddles the very students who most depend on a college degree to level the economic playing field with a burden that constrains their career choices, hurts their credit ratings, prevents them from fully participating in the econ-omy, and threatens essential milestones of the American dream such as buying a home or car, starting a family, and saving for re-tirement; and Whereas, Young people in the State of New Jersey and throughout the country should have the same opportunity offered to those who went to college in previous generations, including the ability to attend public col-leges and universities without taking on bur-densome debt; and Whereas, Because of the importance of higher education to the nation’s economy, the United States and its state governments should expand the opportunity to pursue and attain a college degree; and Whereas, Public investment in higher edu-cation pays off, as evidenced by the fact that workers with college degrees earn more money, pay more taxes, and rely less on gov-ernment services; and Whereas, A national goal of establishing a debt-free public higher education system would include significant federal aid to states, including New Jersey. Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey: 1. This House urges Congress and the Presi-dent of the United States to enact legisla-tion to ensure that students from the State of New Jersey and throughout the United States have access to debt-free higher edu-cation at public colleges and universities. 2. Copies of this resolution, as filed with the Secretary of State, shall be transmitted by the Clerk of the General Assembly to the President and Vice-President of the United States, the Majority and Minority Leaders of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Minority Leader of the United States House of Representatives, and every member of Congress elected from this State. POM–6. A memorial adopted by the Legis-lature of the State of Florida applying to the United States Congress to call a convention under Article V of the United States Con-stitution with the sole agenda of proposing an amendment to the United States Con-stitution to set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected as a member of the United States House of Rep-resentatives and to set a limit on the num-ber of terms that a person may be elected as a member of the United States Senate; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE MEMORIAL 417 Whereas, Article V of the Constitution of the United States requires Congress to call a convention for the sole purpose of proposing amendments to the Constitution upon appli-cation of two-thirds of the states, and Whereas, a continuous and growing con-cern has been expressed that the best inter-ests of the nation will be served by limiting the terms of members of Congress, and Whereas, the voters of the State of Florida, by the gathering of petition signatures, placed on the general election ballot of 1992 a measure to limit the consecutive years of service for several offices, including the of-fices of United States Representative and United States Senator, and Whereas, the voters of Florida incor-porated this limitation into the State Con-stitution as Section 4 of Article VI, by an ap-proval vote that exceeded 76 percent in the general election of 1992, and Whereas, in 1995, the United States Su-preme Court ruled in U.S. Term Limits, Inc. v. Thornton, 514 U.S. 779 (1995), a five-to-four decision, that the individual states did not possess the requisite authority to establish term limits, or additional qualifications, for persons elected to the United States House of Representatives or the United States Sen-ate, and Whereas, upon reflecting on the intent of the voters of this state and their over-whelming support for congressional term limits, the Legislature, in its 114th Regular Session since Statehood in 1845, did express through a memorial to Congress the desire to receive an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of consecutive terms that a person may serve in the United States House of Representa-tives or the United States Senate, and Whereas, the Legislature; in its 118th Reg-ular Session since statehood in 1845, does de-sire to see a convention called under Article V of the Constitution of the United States with the sole agenda of proposing an amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States on the subject of congressional term limits as specified in this memorial. Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Legislature of the State of Florida: (1) That the Legislature of the State of Florida does hereby make application to Congress, pursuant to Article V of the Con-stitution of the United States, to call an Ar-ticle V convention with the sole agenda of proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elect-ed as a member of the United States House of Representatives and to set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elect-ed as a member of the United States Senate. (2) That this application does not revoke or supersede Senate Memorial 476 as passed by the 2014 Florida Legislature, but constitutes a separate, independent application address-ing congressional term limits as specified in this application. (3) That this application is revoked and withdrawn, nullified, and superseded to the same effect as if it had never been passed, and retroactive to the date of passage, if it is used for the purpose of calling a convention or used in support of conducting a conven-tion to amend the Constitution of the United States with any agenda other than to set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected as a member of the United States House of Representatives and to set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected as a member of the United States Senate. (4) That this application constitutes a con-tinuing application in accordance with Arti-cle V of the Constitution of the United States until the legislatures of at least two- thirds of the several states have made appli-cation on the subject of congressional term limits as specified in this application. (5) That this application be aggregated with the applications from other states on the same subject for the purpose of attaining the two-thirds majority needed to require Congress to call a limited Article V conven-tion as specified in this application, but not be aggregated with any other applications on any other subject; and be it further Resolved, That copies of this application be dispatched to the President of the United States, to the President of the United States Senate, to the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, to each member of the Florida delegation to the United States Congress, and to the presiding officer of each house of the legislature of each state. 
POM–7. A resolution adopted by the Mayor and Board of Aldermen of the Town of Boon-ton, New Jersey, expressing condemnation of publications and distribution of any and all images that purport to glorify or justify vio-lence against law enforcement officers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. POM–8. A resolution adopted by the Town Board of the Charter Township of Waterford, Michigan, relative to the Refugee Resettle-ment Program; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: S. 32. A bill to provide for conservation, en-hanced recreation opportunities, and devel-opment of renewable energy in the California Desert Conservation Area, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA6.012 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S113 January 5, 2017 
BLUNT , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. C
RUZ, Mrs. C APITO , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. C OCH-
RAN, Mr. R OUNDS , and Mr. B ARRASSO ): S. 33. A bill to provide for congressional approval of national monuments and restric-tions on the use of national monuments, to establish requirements for the declaration of marine national monuments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. JOHNSON: S. 34. A bill to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for the en bloc consideration in resolutions of dis-approval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , and Mr. E NZI): S. 35. A bill to transfer administrative ju-risdiction over certain Bureau of Land Man-agement land from the Secretary of the Inte-rior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Ceme-tery, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. C OTTON , and Mr. B
OOZMAN ): S. 36. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide for extensions of detention of certain aliens ordered removed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. S ASSE, Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. W
ICKER , and Mr. C ASSIDY ): S. 37. A bill to require U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to take into cus-tody certain aliens who have been charged in the United States with a crime that resulted in the death or serious bodily injury of an-other person, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RUBIO: S. 38. A bill to decrease the cost of hiring, and increase the take-home pay of, Puerto Rican workers; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ): S. 39. A bill to extend the Federal recogni-tion to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa In-dians of Montana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. HELLER: S. 40. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on high cost employer-sponsored health coverage; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. K ING, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. F RANKEN , and Mr. K AINE): S. 41. A bill to amend part D of title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to negotiate covered part D drug prices on be-half of Medicare beneficiaries; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. HELLER: S. 42. A bill to inspire women to enter the aerospace field, including science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 43. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit individuals eligible for Indian Health Service assistance to qualify for health savings accounts; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. HELLER: S. 44. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to improve nonretalia-tion provisions relating to equal pay require-ments; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. PERDUE , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. C OT-
TON): S. 45. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to increase penalties for in-dividuals who illegally reenter the United States after being removed and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , and Mr. B ENNET ): S. 46. A bill to amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to strengthen intensive cardiac rehabilitations programs under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mrs. F
ISCH-
ER, and Mr. M ORAN ): S. 47. A bill to prevent proposed regula-tions relating to restrictions on liquidation of an interest with respect to estate, gift, and generation-skipping transfer taxes from taking effect; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , and Mr. L EAHY ): S. 48. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for the purchasing of hearing aids; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 49. A bill to provide a leasing program within the Coastal Plain, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 50. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow refunds for Federal motor fuel excise taxes on fuels used in mo-bile mammography vehicles; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. L EE, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. M ORAN , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. C OTTON ): S. 51. A bill to make habitual drunk driv-ers inadmissible and removable and to re-quire the detention of any alien who is un-lawfully present in the United States and has been charged with driving under the in-fluence or driving while intoxicated; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B
OOZMAN , and Mr. C OTTON ): S. 52. A bill to make aliens associated with a criminal gang inadmissible, deportable, and ineligible for various forms of relief; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Mr. S CHATZ ): S. 53. A bill to authorize and strengthen the tsunami detection, forecast, warning, re-search, and mitigation program of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. W
AR-
REN, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. 54. A bill to prohibit the creation of an immigration-related registry program that classifies people on the basis of religion, race, age, gender, ethnicity, national origin, nationality, or citizenship; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND: S. 55. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. SULLIVAN: S. 56. A bill to require each agency to re-peal or amend 2 or more rules before issuing or amending a rule; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. CRAPO , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. D AINES , Mr. F
LAKE , and Mr. J OHNSON ): S. 57. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to revoke bonuses paid to employees involved in electronic wait list manipulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCONNELL: S. Res. 7. A resolution to constitute the majority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are cho-sen; considered and agreed to. By Mr. SCHUMER: S. Res. 8. A resolution to constitute the minority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are cho-sen; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 16 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAK-
SON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 16, a bill to require a full audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 18 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 18, a bill to promote freedom, fairness, and economic opportunity by repealing the income tax and other taxes, abol-ishing the Internal Revenue Service, and enacting a national sales tax to be administered primarily by the States. 
S. 21 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 21, a bill to amend chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the execu-tive branch shall have no force or ef-fect unless a joint resolution of ap-proval is enacted into law. 
S. 27 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 27, a bill to establish an independent commission 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA6.015 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES114 January 5, 2017 
to examine and report on the facts re-garding the extent of Russian official and unofficial cyber operations and other attempts to interfere in the 2016 United States national election, and for other purposes. 
S. 30 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 30, a bill to extend the civil statute of limitations for victims of Federal sex offenses. 
S.J. RES. 1 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Sen-ator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 1, a joint resolution approving the loca-tion of a memorial to commemorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces who served on active duty in support of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Con. Res. 4, a concurrent resolution clarifying any potential misunderstanding as to whether ac-tions taken by President-elect Donald Trump constitute a violation of the Emoluments Clause, and calling on President-elect Trump to divest his in-terest in, and sever his relationship to, the Trump Organization. 
S. RES. 5 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 5, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate in support of Israel. 
S. RES. 6 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 6, a resolution ob-jecting to United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 and to all ef-forts that undermine direct negotia-tions between Israel and the Palestin-ians for a secure and peaceful settle-ment. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: S. 32. A bill to provide for conserva-tion, enhanced recreation opportuni-ties, and development of renewable en-ergy in the California Desert Conserva-tion Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I am proud to introduce the Desert Protection and Recreation Act of 2017. This bill, a decade in the making, charts a commonsense path forward for the California desert. The goal is sim-ple: to manage California’s fragile desert resources in a sustainable and comprehensive manner. This bill provides something for ev-eryone that appreciates the national treasure that is the California desert. That this bill provides something for everyone is a result of the painstaking effort to build consensus among the array of groups that use the desert, in-cluding: environmental groups; Fed-eral, State, and local governments; the off-road community; cattle ranchers; mining interests; and energy compa-nies and California’s public utility companies. As I will further describe later, the bill preserves 230,000 acres of wilderness and another 44,000 acres of national park land, each unrivaled for their unique natural landscapes. The bill also safeguards 77 miles of free-flowing rivers and the abundant life and rich biodiversity these rivers and streams often support. Importantly, the bill provides cer-tainty to off-road enthusiasts, estab-lishing 142,000 acres of permanent off- highway recreation areas—a first for the Nation. I made a commitment to off-roaders to enact the entire bill, not just parts of the bill. I hope to fulfill that promise. The efforts to protect the desert are a long time coming. This effort first began with the original California Desert Protection Act, signed into law more than twenty years ago. Picking up where my predecessors left off, I introduced that bill only three months after I was sworn in as a senator. Through hard work and perse-verance, we were able to pass that law on the last day of the 103rd Congress, and President Clinton signed the bill into law in October 1994. The original Desert Protection Act was a crowning achievement for desert conservation, establishing 69 new Wil-derness areas, creating the Mojave Na-tional Preserve, and converting Death Valley and Joshua Tree National Monuments into National Parks. All told, we were able to protect, or in-crease protections for, about 9.6 mil-lion acres. It continues to attract millions of tourists to southern California, which is a boon for the economy. It has ensured that these enduring landscapes will be preserved for future generations. Since we passed the 1994 desert con-servation bill, we’ve tried to build on this legacy of conservation. After years of collaboration with an array of stake-holders, we introduced new legislation in 2009. The goal of that bill was simple: to help manage California’s desert re-sources through a comprehensive ap-proach that balanced conservation, recreation, energy production, among other needs. After years of work, including two hearings in the Senate, we reached a major milestone this past February, when President Obama designated three new national monuments in the California desert: Castle Mountains, Mojave Trails, and Sand to Snow. Those monuments, based on the leg-islation I had introduced, created one of the world’s largest desert reserves, encompassing nearly 1.8 million acres of America’s public lands. Those monuments connect vital wild-life corridors and habitats, preserve cultural resources, and establish an im-portant buffer to the inevitable changes climate change will usher in for these fragile desert ecosystems. While the newly-designated desert monuments formed a cornerstone for future desert protection, our work is not complete. That is why I am intro-ducing this legislation today. While I supported President Obama’s decision to create three national monu-ments in the Mojave Desert, his au-thority under the Antiquities Act did not allow him to include the many other valuable provisions in the origi-nal legislation. Our intention has always been to bal-ance the many uses of the desert through legislation, and that remains the case today. That is why I reintro-duced that legislation immediately fol-lowing the President’s designation, and that is why I am introducing a bill again today: to make the rest of the provisions a reality. The legislation I am introducing today therefore includes all of the pro-visions the President was not able to enact through executive action under the Antiquities Act. These negotiated provisions—which represent our best attempt to achieve consensus among desert stakeholders— deserve to become law. That legislation includes many addi-tional conservation areas and provides permanent protection for five Off-High-way Recreation Areas covering ap-proximately 142,000 acres. Off-roaders were a vital part of the coalition we put together, and unfortunately those lands could not be designated under ex-ecutive action. Off-roaders deserve cer-tainty about their future use of the land, just as there is now certainty for conservation purposes. I gave them my word that I would fight for them, and I intend to do so again in this new Con-gress. This bill would also expand wilder-ness areas in the desert, by designating five additional wilderness areas that cover 230,000 acres of land near Fort Irwin. The bill would ensure clean and free- flowing rivers, through the designation of 77 miles of rivers as Wild and Scenic Rivers; add to our national parks, by expanding Death Valley National Park Wilderness by 39,000 acres and Joshua Tree National Park by 4,500 acres; ex-pand National Scenic Areas, by adding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA6.017 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S115 January 5, 2017 
18,610 acres to the Alabama Hills Na-tional Scenic Area in Inyo County; and protect 81,000 acres of land in San Bernardino and Imperial County, and requires the Department of the Interior to protect petroglyphs and other cul-tural resources important to the sur-rounding tribes and communities. Lastly, the bill will facilitate renew-able energy development in a way that protects delicate habitat. I want to highlight some of the key provisions of this legislation: By designating five new wilderness areas, this bill protects fragile desert ecosystems across 230,000 acres of wil-derness near Fort Irwin. This includes 88,000 acres of Avawatz Mountains, 8,000-acre Great Falls Basin Wilderness, the 80,000-acre Soda Mountains Wilder-ness, and the 32,500-acre Death Valley Wilderness. The desert’s sweeping desert vistas and rugged mountain terrain not only provide for a truly remarkable backcountry experience, but also pro-vide vital refuge for everything from bighorn sheep and desert tortoises to Joshua Trees and Native American ar-tifacts. This bill is more than just wilder-ness, however. It also designates four new Wild and Scenic Rivers, totaling 77 miles in length. These beautiful water-ways, carved through the heart of the arid desert, are Deep Creek and the Whitewater River in and near the San Bernardino National Forest, as well as the Amargosa River and Surprise Can-yon Creek near Death Valley National Park. The bill also releases 126,000 acres of land from their existing wilderness study area designation in response to requests from local government and recreation users. This will allow the land to be made available for other purposes, including recreational off- highway vehicle use on designated routes. We must also take into account an-other use of the desert land: renewable energy. I believe that we can honor our commitment to conservation while ful-filling California’s pledge to develop a clean energy portfolio. Balancing conservation, development and other uses is possible, we just need to come up with the right solutions. Thankfully, some of these com-promises are already in place. By April 2009, solar and wind compa-nies had proposed 28 projects to be in-cluded in the Mojave Trails National Monument, including sites on former Catellus lands intended for permanent conservation. I visited some of those sites at the time, including one par-ticularly beautiful area known as the Broadwell Valley, where thousands of acres of pristine lands were proposed for development. Seeing it first hand, I quickly came to the conclusion that those lands were simply not the right place for renewable energy develop-ment. Since then, 26 of the 28 applications have been withdrawn. This is due in part to the state and federal govern-ments’ efforts to develop and finalize the Desert Renewable Energy Con-servation Plan—an ambitious effort to comprehensively manage renewable en-ergy, conservation, and recreation on 22.5 million acres of California desert. By working with our state to develop this Plan, the federal government has shown it can be an effective partner in the State’s efforts to combat climate change, all while protecting the mag-nificent, yet fragile, California desert landscape. The bill also makes use of about 370,000 acres of isolated, unusable par-cels of State lands spread across the California desert. These small isolated parcels of State land in wilderness, na-tional parks and monuments would be exchanged for Federal lands elsewhere that could potentially provide the State with viable sites for renewable energy development, off-highway vehi-cle recreation, or other commercial purposes. This blueprint will help identify pris-tine lands that warrant protection and direct energy projects elsewhere. This is a fair balancing of priorities, and I think it provides a clear path for-ward. I strongly urge my colleagues to take a good look at this legislation. I hope they understand that the many stake-holders involved have made their voices heard. As you can see, there are many di-verse interests in California’s desert lands, an it is not easy to bring them all into agreement. But after years of painstaking efforts, they have reached agreement on this bill. Desert conservation has never been a partisan issue. Over the years, legisla-tors have come together across party lines to preserve this great piece of land. Given our past success, I am hopeful this Congress will take this legislation up and move it forward. Most impor-tantly, I hope this body recognizes the simple fact that desert conservation has never been a partisan issue. Over the years, legislators have come together across party lines to preserve this great piece of land. It’s the right thing to do. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 49. A bill to provide a leasing pro-gram within the Coastal Plain, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I rise today to once again open a small portion of the Arctic coastal plain, in my home State of Alaska, to oil and gas development. I am introducing the bill because, now more than ever, new production in northern Alaska is vital not only to my state’s future, but also to our Nation’s energy and economic security. It has been known for more than nearly 4 decades that the 1.5 million acres of the Arctic coastal plain that lie inside the northern one-eleventh of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge are the most prospective lands in North America for a major conventional oil and gas discovery. The U.S. Geological Survey continues to estimate that this part of the coastal plain—which rep-resents just 3 percent of the coastal plain in all of northern Alaska—has a mean likelihood of containing 10.4 bil-lion barrels of oil and 8.6 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, as well as a reason-able chance of economically producing 16 billion barrels of oil. Even the rel-atively recent major finds in North Da-kota’s Bakken field and the recent es-timates of shale oil in Texas’ Wolfcamp formation pale in comparison, as ANWR is likely to hold over three times more conventional oil than any other onshore energy deposit in North America. In the 1990s, opponents dismissed ANWR’s potential and argued that the nearby National Petroleum Reserve- Alaska was forecast to contain almost as much oil. However, early this decade the U.S. Geological Survey signifi-cantly reduced its oil estimates in the 23 million acre reserve. Instead of con-taining somewhere between the 6.7 to 15 billion barrels as forecast in 2002, the USGS now forecasts a mean of 896 mil-lion barrels—a dramatic downward re-vision. While I still believe oil produc-tion must be allowed to proceed in NPRA and that development of sat-ellite fields must be allowed to occur, the revised forecast means that open-ing a small area on shore to the east on the coastal plain, is now more vital than ever for America’s economic and national security interests. That is especially the case given that President Obama late last year closed almost all of Alaska’s outer conti-nental shelf oil and gas deposits to fu-ture exploration and development. That makes production of onshore de-posits even more vital for Alaska’s eco-nomic future, and for the Nation’s long-term energy security. America once received more than 10 percent of its daily domestic oil pro-duction from fields in Alaska. You heard correctly, production already oc-curs in Arctic Alaska, and has for near-ly 40 years. We have successfully bal-anced resource development with envi-ronmental protection. Alaskans have proven, over and over again, that those endeavors are not mutually exclusive. Today, however, we face a tipping point. Alaska’s North Slope production has declined for years and now ac-counts for just under 5 percent of the Nation’s daily production. It is now forecast to decline further to levels next decade that will threaten the con-tinued operation of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System. A closure of TAPS would shut down all northern Alaska oil production. This would devastate Alaska’s economy, drag global oil prices even higher, and deepen our en-ergy dependence on unstable petrostates throughout the world, espe-cially once oil shale production peaks in the Lower 48 States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA6.019 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES116 January 5, 2017 
Anyone who takes the long view on energy policy recognizes that no mat-ter what energy policy our Nation pur-sues, we will use substantial amounts of oil well into the future. The more of that oil we produce at home, the better off our economy, our trade deficit, our employment levels, and the world’s en-vironment will be. To help meet future demand both here in America and throughout the rest of the world, and to help avoid a tremendous price spike in the event of supply disruptions, we need to take steps today to ensure new production is brought online, as soon as possible. ANWR development will provide huge benefits for the U.S. Treasury. Let’s examine this with some simple math. ANWR’s mean estimate of over 10 bil-lion barrels, at even today’s $50 per barrel price, means that there is half a trillion dollars worth of oil locked up beneath this small area in northern Alaska—and even more when prices re-bound. That is half a trillion taxable dollars, and it is difficult to calculate or even fathom the corporate and payoll taxes that this would generate for our treasury. But we do know that there are hundreds of billions of dollars in pure Federal royalties since my bill devotes 50 percent of the value to a Federal share, rather than the 10 per-cent which current law allows. As our Nation grapples with a huge budget deficit, nearly $20 trillion in na-tional debt, and a lack of capital to incentivize new energy development, it is folly for America to further delay new onshore oil development from Alaska. The question is no longer, ‘‘Should we drill in ANWR?’’ Today, it has become, ‘‘Can we afford not to?’’ I understand that no matter what happens, some will remain opposed to development in this region. The out-going administration has attempted to not only prohibit oil and gas develop-ment onshore in the coastal plain—pro-posing to forever lock the area up into formal wilderness—but also has pro-posed to impede oil and even natural gas development from vast portions of NPRA and from the offshore waters of the Beaufort and Chukchi Seas. This mindset ignores Alaska’s economic re-alities, it ignores the Nation’s looming energy challenges, and it ignores the fact that Arctic oil production can pro-ceed without any significant environ-mental impact. Our development has coexisted productively with polar bears, and will not harm the Porcupine caribou herd or any other form of wild-life on the Arctic coast. The groups who oppose my legislation seem totally oblivious to strides made in direc-tional, extended reach drilling, three- and four-dimensional seismic testing, and new pipeline leak detection tech-nology, all of which permit Alaskan en-ergy development to proceed safely without harm to wildlife or the envi-ronment. For all these reasons, I am reintro-ducing legislation to open the coastal plain of ANWR to development. At the same time, I am again focusing and narrowing that development so that just 2,000 acres of the 1.5 million acre coastal plain can be physically dis-turbed by roads, pipelines, wells, build-ings or other support facilities. At most, just one-tenth of 1 percent of the refuge’s coastal plain would be im-pacted. For comparison’s sake, 2,000 acres is roughly the size of National Airport—compared to an area roughly three times the size of the state of Maryland. It is hardly a blip on the map. Limiting development to such a small area is important. It will help guarantee—beyond any shadow of doubt—the preservation in a natural state of more than sufficient habitat for caribou, muskoxen, polar bear, and Arctic bird life. My legislation also in-cludes stringent environmental stand-ards. The bill, named the Alaska Oil and Gas Production Act, AOGPA, which is being cosponsored by my colleague from Alaska, Senator D
ANSULLIVAN , also includes guaranteed finding to mitigate any impacts in the region, and guarantees that the Federal Gov-ernment will receive half of all reve-nues generated. For decades, Alaskans, whom polls show overwhelmingly support ANWR development, have been asking permis-sion to explore and develop oil in the coastal plain. Finally, technology has advanced so that it is possible to de-velop oil and gas from the coastal plain with little or no impact on the area and its wildlife. At this time of unsustainable debt, and an unstable global environment, we need to pursue domestic develop-ment opportunities more than ever. My ANWR bill offers us a chance to produce more of our own energy, for the good of the American people, in an environmentally-friendly way. I hope this Congress, given the new adminis-tration that will soon take office, will have the common sense to allow Amer-ica to help itself by developing ANWR’s substantial resources. This is critical to my state and the Nation as a whole. And with this in mind, I will work to educate the members of this chamber about ANWR. I will show why such de-velopment should occur, why it must occur, and how it can benefit our Na-tion at a time when we need the domes-tic jobs and energy security that ANWR will produce. 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. 54. A bill to prohibit the creation of an immigration-related registry pro-gram that classifies people on the basis of religion, race, age, gender, ethnicity, national origin, nationality, or citizen-ship; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today, I introduced the Protect American Fam-ilies from Unnecessary Registration and Deportation Act of 2017, or the Pro-tect American Families Act. This crit-ical bill would advance civil and human rights by ensuring we protect American immigrants from being wrongfully targeted by the Federal Government because of who they are or how they worship. I thank Senators ELIZABETH WARREN , BRIAN SCHATZ , ED M
ARKEY , PATTY MURRAY , BERNIE SAND-
ERS, PATRICK LEAHY , JEFF MERKLEY , M
AZIE HIRONO , and R ONWYDEN for join-ing me on this important legislation. Enshrined in the Constitution are the ideas that all people are free to prac-tice the religion of their choice and that we will not discriminate because of your faith or national origin. Cre-ating a Federal immigration program that requires people to register their status with the Federal Government on the basis of their religion, race, eth-nicity, gender, age, nationality, na-tional origin, or citizenship is contrary to those values. Because the United States is the world’s beacon of democ-racy, we must lead by example and live the values we preach. Yet, in troubling times we have not always stayed true to our values. Dur-ing World War II, soon after Imperial Japan attacked United States Naval Base Pearl Harbor, President Franklin Roosevelt issued Executive Order 9066. That order authorized the Secretary of War to designate particular areas as military zones, which allowed for the removal of Japanese Americans from certain parts of the United States. Sub-sequently, more than 110,000 Japanese Americans were relocated to intern-ment camps. Similarly, in 2002, the year following the tragic terrorist attacks on Sep-tember 11, the Federal Government created the National Security Entry- Exist Registration System, NSEERS. This Federal program required non-cit-izen visa holders from certain coun-tries to register with the Federal Gov-ernment. The registration process in-cluded fingerprinting, photographs, and interrogation. Once an individual reg-istered, NSEERS required the person to regularly check in with immigration officials. Finally, NSEERS monitored people who registered with the pro-gram to ensure that no one remained in the country longer than the law per-mitted them. Inconsistent with the American val-ues of religious freedom and non-discrimination, the NSEERS program wrongly targeted males over 16 years old from the following countries: Af-ghanistan, Algeria, Bahrain, Ban-gladesh, Egypt, Eritrea, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libya, Morocco, Oman, Pakistan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Yemen, and North Korea. Thus, 24 out of the 25 countries listed in the NSEERS program were Arab and Mus-lim countries. This was another mo-ment in our nation’s history where our leaders succumbed to the politics of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA6.021 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S117 January 5, 2017 
fear and adopted a program that tore at the very fabric of our country. Immigration-registry programs do not make the public more safe. The purpose of NSEERS was to identify and capture terrorists. Yet, despite reg-istering over 83,000 people, the program yielded zero terrorism convictions. Without proof of a single terrorist re-lated conviction, the NSEERS program did not do its job of keeping the home-land safe. But immigration-registry programs do result in discrimination. The fact that NSEERS led to the forced reg-istry, interrogation, and deportations of immigrants from predominantly Muslim or Arab countries is proof that broadly defined enforcement programs often result in racial and religious profiling. That is why the United Na-tions and major American civil rights groups condemned NSEERS for un-fairly singling out Muslims. By tar-geting Muslims, NSEERS sent the wrong message that America does not welcome immigrants from certain lands. While the Obama administration dis-mantled the NSEERS program, this alone will not prevent the incoming ad-ministration from attempting to follow through on its threats to create a reg-istry based on religion or national ori-gin. On the campaign trail President- elect Trump called for a ‘‘total and complete shutdown’’ of Muslim immi-grants entering the United States. Ad-ditionally, he has called for ‘‘extreme vetting’’ of immigrants reminiscent of NSEERS. It is incumbent upon con-gressional leaders to ensure that the United States does not sacrifice its val-ues in the face of fear. Today, I introduce the Protect Amer-ican Families Act to ensure that Amer-ica protects the rights and liberties of American immigrants from overly broad, ineffective, and discriminatory registry programs. This bill would pro-hibit the Federal Government from re-quiring noncitizens to register or check in with the Federal Government simply because of their religion, race, eth-nicity, age, gender, national origin, na-tionality, or citizenship. Banning the creation of a discriminatory registra-tion program is not only consistent with our democratic values, but it al-lows law enforcement to focus re-sources on the real threats to our safe-ty. The bill has commonsense exemp-tions. Data collection is critical in our fight against terrorists, and the bill al-lows the government to collect routine data on the entry and exit of nonciti-zens. The bill would also protect impor-tant immigration programs like Tem-porary Protected Status, Deferred En-forced Departure, the Visa Waiver Pro-gram, and Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals. This provision makes clear that legitimate Federal programs that confer immigration benefits are not prohibited by the ban on enforce-ment immigration programs that tar-get immigrants and other vulnerable Americans. In his First Inaugural Address, Presi-dent Roosevelt said that ‘‘the only thing we have to fear is fear itself.’’ Unfortunately, he failed to live up to that statement when he issued Execu-tive Order 9066. But we have a chance to fulfill that vision. We have a chance to stand up against fear and stay true to our American values in the face of hardship. I am proud to introduce the Protect American Families Act today, and I urge my colleagues to support its speedy passage through the Senate. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 7—TO CON-STITUTE THE MAJORITY PAR-TY’S MEMBERSHIP ON CERTAIN COMMITTEES FOR THE ONE HUN-DRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS, OR UNTIL THEIR SUCCESSORS ARE CHOSEN Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 7 Resolved, That the following shall con-stitute the majority party’s membership on the following committees for the One Hun-dred Fifteenth Congress, or until their suc-cessors are chosen: COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, NUTRI-TION, AND FORESTRY: Mr. Roberts (Chair-man), Mr. Cochran, Mr. McConnell, Mr. Boozman, Mr. Hoeven, Mrs. Ernst, Mr. Grass-ley, Mr. Sessions, Mr. Thune, Mr. Daines, Mr. Perdue. COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS: Mr. Cochran (Chairman), Mr. McConnell, Mr. Shelby, Mr. Alexander, Ms. Collins, Ms. Mur-kowski, Mr. Graham, Mr. Blunt, Mr. Moran, Mr. Hoeven, Mr. Boozman, Mrs. Capito, Mr. Lankford, Mr. Daines, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Rubio. COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES: Mr. McCain (Chairman), Mr. Inhofe, Mr. Ses-sions, Mr. Wicker, Mrs. Fischer, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Rounds, Mrs. Ernst, Mr. Tillis, Mr. Sul-livan, Mr. Perdue, Mr. Cruz, Mr. Graham, Mr. Sasse. COMMITTEE ON BANKING, HOUSING, AND URBAN AFFAIRS: Mr. Crapo (Chair-man), Mr. Shelby, Mr. Corker, Mr. Toomey, Mr. Heller, Mr. Scott, Mr. Sasse, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Rounds, Mr. Perdue, Ms. Tillis, Mr. Ken-nedy. COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION: Mr. Thune (Chair-man), Mr. Wicker, Mr. Blunt, Mr. Cruz, Mrs. Fischer, Mr. Moran, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Heller, Mr. Inhofe, Mr. Lee, Mr. Johnson, Mrs. Cap-ito, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Young. COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NAT-URAL RESOURCES: Ms. Murkowski (Chair-man), Mr. Barrasso, Mr. Risch, Mr. Lee, Mr. Flake, Mr. Daines, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Ses-sions, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Hoeven, Mr. Cas-sidy, Mr. Portman. COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC WORKS: Mr. Barrasso (Chairman), Mr. Inhofe, Mrs. Capito, Mr. Boozman, Mr. Wicker, Mrs. Fischer, Mr. Sessions, Mr. Moran, Mr. Rounds, Mrs. Ernst, Mr. Sul-livan. COMMITTEE ON FINANCE: Mr. Hatch (Chairman), Mr. Grassley, Mr. Crapo, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Enzi, Mr. Cornyn, Mr. Thune, Mr. Burr, Mr. Isakson, Mr. Portman, Mr. Toomey, Mr. Heller, Mr. Scott, Mr. Cassidy. COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS: Mr. Corker (Chairman), Mr. Risch, Mr. Rubio, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Flake, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Young, Mr. Barrasso, Mr. Isakson, Mr. Portman, Mr. Paul. COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS: Mr. Alexander (Chairman), Mr. Enzi, Mr. Burr, Mr. Isakson, Mr. Paul, Ms. Collins, Mr. Cassidy, Mr. Young, Mr. Hatch, Mr. Roberts, Ms. Mur-kowski, Mr. Scott. COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS: Mr. Johnson (Chairman), Mr. McCain, Mr. Portman, Mr. Paul, Mr. Lankford, Mr. Enzi, Mr. Hoeven, Mr. Daines. COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY: Mr. Grassley (Chairman), Mr. Hatch, Mr. Gra-ham, Mr. Cornyn, Mr. Lee, Mr. Cruz, Mr. Sasse, Mr. Flake, Mr. Crapo, Mr. Tillis, Mr. Kennedy. SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTEL-LIGENCE: Mr. Burr (Chairman), Mr. Risch, Mr. Rubio, Ms. Collins, Mr. Blunt, Mr. Lankford, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Cornyn. SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING: Ms. Collins (Chairman), Mr. Hatch, Mr. Flake, Mr. Scott, Mr. Tillis, Mr. Corker, Mr. Burr, Mr. Rubio, Mrs. Fischer. COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET: Mr. Enzi (Chairman), Mr. Grassley, Mr. Sessions, Mr. Crapo, Mr. Graham, Mr. Toomey, Mr. John-son, Mr. Corker, Mr. Perdue, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Boozman. COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS: Mr. Hoeven (Chairman), Mr. Barrasso, Mr. McCain, Ms. Murkowski, Mr. Lankford, Mr. Daines, Mr. Crapo, Mr. Moran. JOINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE: Mr. Lee (Vice Chairman), Mr. Cotton, Mr. Sasse, Mr. Portman, Mr. Cruz, Mr. Cassidy. COMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINIS-TRATION: Mr. Blunt (Chairman), Mr. McConnell, Mr. Cochran, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Shelby, Mr. Cruz, Mrs. Capito, Mr. Wicker, Mrs. Fischer. COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP: Mr. Risch (Chair-man), Mr. Rubio, Mr. Paul, Mr. Scott, Mrs. Ernst, Mr. Inhofe, Mr. Young, Mr. Enzi, Mr. Rounds, and Mr. Kennedy. COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS: Mr. Isakson (Chairman), Mr. Moran, Mr. Boozman, Mr. Heller, Mr. Cassidy, Mr. Rounds, Mr. Tillis, Mr. Sullivan. SELECT COMMITTEE ON ETHICS: Mr. Isakson (Chairman), Mr. Roberts, Mr. Risch. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 8—TO CON-STITUTE THE MINORITY PAR-TY’S MEMBERSHIP ON CERTAIN COMMITTEES FOR THE ONE HUN-DRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS, OR UNTIL THEIR SUCCESSORS ARE CHOSEN Mr. SCHUMER submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 8 Resolved, That the following shall con-stitute the minority party’s membership on the following committees for the One Hun-dred Fifteenth Congress, or until their suc-cessors are chosen: COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, NUTRI-TION, AND FORESTRY: Ms. Stabenow, Mr. Leahy, Mr. Brown, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Ben-net, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Donnelly, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Casey, Mr. Van Hollen. COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS: Mr. Leahy, Mrs. Murray, Mrs. Feinstein, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Reed, Mr. Tester, Mr. Udall, Mrs. Shaheen, Mr. Merkley, Mr. Coons, Mr. Schatz, Ms. Baldwin, Mr. Murphy, Mr. Manchin, Mr. Van Hollen. COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES: Mr. Reed, Mr. Nelson, Mrs. McCaskill, Mrs. Sha-heen, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA6.023 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES118 January 5, 2017 
Donnelly, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Kaine, Mr. King, Mr. Heinrich, Ms. Warren, Mr. Peters. COMMITTEE ON BANKING, HOUSING, AND URBAN AFFAIRS: Mr. Brown, Mr. Reed, Mr. Menendez, Mr. Tester, Mr. Warner, Ms. Warren, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Donnelly, Mr. Schatz, Mr. Van Hollen, Ms. Cortez Masto. COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION: Mr. Nelson, Ms. Cantwell, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. Schatz, Mr. Markey, Mr. Booker, Mr. Udall, Mr. Peters, Ms. Baldwin, Ms. Duckworth, Ms. Hassan, Ms. Cortez Masto. COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NAT-URAL RESOURCES: Ms. Cantwell, Mr. Wyden, Mr. Sanders, Ms. Stabenow, Mr. Franken, Mr. Manchin, Mr. Heinrich, Ms. Hirono, Mr. King, Ms. Duckworth, Ms. Cortez Masto. COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC WORKS: Mr. Carper, Mr. Cardin, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Whitehouse, Mr. Merkley, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Booker, Mr. Markey, Ms. Duckworth, Ms. Harris. COMMITTEE ON FINANCE: Mr. Wyden, Ms. Stabenow, Ms. Cantwell, Mr. Nelson, Mr. Menendez, Mr. Carper, Mr. Cardin, Mr. Brown, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Casey, Mr. Warner, Mrs. McCaskill. COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS: Mr. Cardin, Mr. Menendez, Mrs. Shaheen, Mr. Coons, Mr. Udall, Mr. Murphy, Mr. Kaine, Mr. Markey, Mr. Merkley, Mr. Booker. COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS: Mrs. Murray, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Casey, Mr. Franken, Mr. Ben-net, Mr. Whitehouse, Ms. Baldwin, Mr. Mur-phy, Ms. Warren, Mr. Kaine, Ms. Hassan. COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS: Mrs. McCaskill, Mr. Carper, Mr. Tester, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Peters, Ms. Hassan, Ms. Har-ris. SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTEL-LIGENCE: Mr. Warner (Vice Chairman), Mrs. Feinstein, Mr. Wyden, Mr. Heinrich, Mr. King, Mr. Manchin, Ms. Harris and Mr. Reed (ex officio). COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY: Mrs. Feinstein, Mr. Leahy, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Whitehouse, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Franken, Mr. Coons, Mr. Blumenthal, Ms. Hirono. COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET: Mr. Sand-ers, Mrs. Murray, Mr. Wyden, Ms. Stabenow, Mr. Whitehouse, Mr. Warner, Mr. Merkley, Mr. Kaine, Mr. King, Mr. Van Hollen, Ms. Harris. COMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINIS-TRATION: Mr. Schumer, Mrs. Feinstein, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Udall, Mr. Warner, Mr. Leahy, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. King, Ms. Cortez Masto. COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP: Mrs. Shaheen, Ms. Cantwell, Mr. Cardin, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Markey, Mr. Booker, Mr. Coons, Ms. Hirono, Ms. Duckworth. COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS: Mr. Tester, Mrs. Murray, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Brown, Mr. Blumenthal, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Manchin. SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING: Mr. Casey, Mr. Nelson, Mr. Whitehouse, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. Donnelly, Ms. Warren, Ms. Cortez Masto. JOINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE: Mr. Heinrich, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Peters, Ms. Hassan. SELECT COMMITTEE ON ETHICS: Mr. Coons (Vice Chairman), Mr. Schatz, Mrs. Shaheen. COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS: Mr. Udall (Vice Chairman), Ms. Cantwell, Mr. Tester, Mr. Franken, Mr. Schatz, Ms. Heitkamp, Ms. Cortez Masto. AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 8. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. U DALL , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
ROWN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. W AR-
REN, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. K
ING, Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) proposed an amendment to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary lev-els for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. SA 9. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. K ING, Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 10. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 11. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 12. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. R EED, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 13. Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. K ING, and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 14. Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , and Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 15. Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 16. Mr. VAN HOLLEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 17. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. C OONS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 18. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. K AINE, Mr. C OONS , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. K ING, and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 19. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. WHITEHOUSE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. R
EED, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. H AS-
SAN, Mr. C OONS , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S . Con. Res. 3, supra. SA 20. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. D
ON-
NELLY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra. SA 21. Mr. PETERS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 8. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C
ASEY , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. W AR-
REN, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. K ING, Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) pro-posed an amendment to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. DON’T MAKE AMERICA SICK AGAIN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any legislation that makes America sick again, as described in subsection (b). (b) L
EGISLATION MAKING AMERICA SICK A
GAIN.—For purposes of subsection (a), legis-lation that makes America sick again refers to any bill, joint resolution, motion, amend-ment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that the Congressional Budget Office determines would— (1) reduce the number of Americans en-rolled in public or private health insurance coverage, as determined based on the March 2016 updated baseline budget projections by the Congressional Budget Office; (2) increase health insurance premiums or total out-of-pocket health care costs for Americans with private health insurance; or (3) reduce the scope and scale of benefits covered by private health insurance, as com-pared to the benefits Americans would have received pursuant to the requirements under title I of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 130) and the amendments made by that title. (c) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—This section may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An affirm-ative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this section. 
SA 9. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. K ING, Mr. B ROWN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA6.036 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S119 January 5, 2017 
by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE REPEAL OF THE MEDICARE PART D NONINTER-FERENCE CLAUSE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the repeal of the noninterference clause under the Medicare part D prescrip-tion drug program in order to allow the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to ne-gotiate for the best possible price for pre-scription drugs by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
SA 10. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD AFFECT MED-ICAID ENROLLMENT, BENEFITS, OR STATE SPENDING. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would affect the Med-icaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) unless such legislation receives certification from the Congressional Budget Office and the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services that the legislation would not result in— (1) a decrease in enrollment in such pro-gram; (2) a reduction in the benefits offered under such program, including benefits offered by States as optional additional services; or (3) an increase in State spending under such program. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 11. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD REDUCE MED-ICAID BENEFITS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would affect the Med-icaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) unless such legislation receives certification from the Congressional Budget Office and the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services that the legislation would not result in a reduction of the benefits pro-vided under such program, including benefits that are offered by a State as an optional ad-ditional service. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 12. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. R EED, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , and Mr. F RANKEN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD PENALIZE MED-ICAID EXPANSION STATES. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would affect the Med-icaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) unless such legislation receives certification from the Congressional Budget Office that the leg-islation would not result in— (1) decreased enrollment in such program in States which have opted to expand eligi-bility for medical assistance under such pro-gram for low-income, non-elderly individuals under the eligibility option established by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); or (2) increased State spending on such pro-gram in such States. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). SA 13. Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. K ING, and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD REPEAL THE HEALTH REFORMS THAT CLOSED THE PRESCRIPTION DRUG COV-ERAGE GAP UNDER MEDICARE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would repeal health re-form legislation that closed the coverage gap in the Medicare prescription drug program under part D of title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–101 et seq.). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 14. Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for him-self, Mr. W
ARNER , and Mr. B ENNET ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 49, strike lines 4 through 11. 
SA 15. Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD REDUCE THE PREMIUM TAX CREDITS PROVIDED BY THE PATIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would reduce the pre-mium tax credits provided by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA6.028 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES120 January 5, 2017 
of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 16. Mr. VAN HOLLEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike title II. 
SA 17. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for him-self, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. C OONS , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , and Ms. W ARREN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST REDUCING FUNDING FOR DISEASE PREVEN-TION EFFORTS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would— (1) result in a reduction or elimination of funding under section 4002 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11); (2) reduce the Federal resources provided to communities to invest in effective, proven prevention efforts; or (3) increase the prevalence of disease amongst children. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 18. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. K AINE, Mr. C
OONS , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. K ING, and Mr. W YDEN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent reso-lution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. SENATE POINT OF ORDER AGAINST RECONCILIATION LEGISLATION THAT WOULD INCREASE THE DEF-ICIT OR REDUCE A SURPLUS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any rec-onciliation bill or reconciliation resolution, or an amendment to, motion on, conference report on, or amendment between the Houses in relation to a reconciliation bill or rec-onciliation resolution that would cause or increase a deficit or reduce a surplus in ei-ther of the following periods: (1) The period of the current fiscal year, the budget year, and the ensuing 4 fiscal years following the budget year. (2) The period of the current fiscal year, the budget year, and the ensuing 9 fiscal years following the budget year. (b) SUPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL IN  
THESENATE .— (1) W
AIVER .—This section may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirma-tive vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. (2) A
PPEAL .—An affirmative vote of three- fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required in the Senate to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this section. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF BUDGET LEVELS .— For purposes of this section, the levels of deficit increases and reductions in a surplus shall be determined on the basis of estimates provided by the Committee on the Budget of the Senate. 
SA 19. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. S TABENOW , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. R EED, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. C OONS , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD BREAK DONALD TRUMP’S PROMISE NOT TO CUT SO-CIAL SECURITY, MEDICARE, OR MED-ICAID. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would— (1) result in a reduction of guaranteed ben-efits scheduled under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.); (2) increase either the early or full retire-ment age for the benefits described in para-graph (1); (3) privatize Social Security; (4) result in a reduction of guaranteed ben-efits for individuals entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under the Medicare program under title XVIII of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.); or (5) result in a reduction of benefits or eligi-bility for individuals enrolled in, or eligible to receive medical assistance through, a State Medicaid plan or waiver under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 20. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. C
ARDIN , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent reso-lution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; as follows: At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD PRIVATIZE MEDI-CARE OR LIMIT FEDERAL FUNDING FOR MEDICAID. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would— (1) privatize the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) or turn the program into a voucher system; (2) increase the eligibility age under the Medicare program; or (3) block grant the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.), impose per capita spending caps on State Medicaid programs, or decrease coverage under such program from current levels. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 21. Mr. PETERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD CAUSE VET-ERANS AND THEIR DEPENDENTS TO LOSE HEALTH CARE COVERAGE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would repeal any provi-sion in the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (Public Law 111-148) prior to the enactment of a law to ensure that no veteran or dependent that gained health care coverage through such Act’s Exchanges or Medicaid expansion will lose coverage. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I have five requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA6.029 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S121 January 5, 2017 
Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 5, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on Foreign Relations be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 5, 2017 at 3 p.m., to conduct a classified briefing entitled ‘‘Recent Administra-tion Actions in Response to Russian Hacking and Harassment of U.S. Dip-lomats.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Select Committee on In-telligence be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 5, 2017, at 2 p.m. in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Office Building. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following legislative fellows in my office be given floor privileges for the remainder of this Congress: Sophia Vogt, Emily Douglas, Kripa Sreepada, Katherine Tsantiris, Chris Jones, and Noah Ben- Aderet. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 12:45 p.m., Friday, Janu-ary 6; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the Senate stand in recess, to then proceed as a body to the Hall of the House of Representatives under the provisions of S. Con. Res. 2, for the counting of the electoral ballots; further, that upon dissolution of the joint session, the Senate stand adjourned until 2 p.m., Monday, January 9; further, that fol-lowing the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader re-marks, the Senate resume consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 3. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 12:45 P.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:48 p.m., adjourned until Friday, January 6, 2017, at 12:45 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
STATE JUSTICE INSTITUTE  
MARY ELLEN BARBERA, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE STATE JUS-TICE INSTITUTE FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 17, 2018, VICE JONATHAN LIPPMAN, TERM EXPIRED. DAVID V. BREWER, OF OREGON, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE STATE JUSTICE IN-STITUTE FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 17, 2019. (RE-APPOINTMENT) WILFREDO MARTINEZ, OF FLORIDA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE STATE JUSTICE INSTITUTE FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 17, 2019. (REAPPOINTMENT) CHASE ROGERS, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE STATE JUSTICE IN-STITUTE FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 17, 2018. (RE-APPOINTMENT) 
EXPORT –IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES  
CLAUDIA SLACIK, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE EXPORT–IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 20, 2019, VICE PATRICIA M. LOUI, TERM EX-PIRED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05JA6.030 S05JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE23 January 5, 2017 
HONORING CLAYTON BENTCH 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Clayton Bentch. Clayton is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1376, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Clayton has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Clayton has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Clay-ton has led his troop as the Patrol Leader, be-come a Brotherhood member of the Order of the Arrow, and holds the rank of Firebuilder in the tribe of Mic-O-Say. Clayton has also con-tributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Clayton Bentch for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
CHIEF DANIEL KEVIN BAUM COM-PLETES FIRE OFFICER PROGRAM 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Chief Daniel Kevin Baum of Pearland, TX, for successfully completing the Executive Fire Officer Program (EFOP). Completion of this program provides senior fire officers with the skills and expertise that are needed to combat today’s challenging en-vironment. Daniel previously served as chief of the Pearland EMS agency, has a Masters in Emergency and Disaster Management, and has over 10 years of experience in fire admin-istration. Our community is safer thanks to his commitment to fire safety awareness and pro-tection. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations and thank you to Chief Daniel Baum for completing the Executive Fire Officer Program. We appre-ciate his hard work, dedication and service for Pearland. 
f 
HONORING CHRISTIAN CHARLES TORCHIA 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Christian Charles Torchia. Christian is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1351, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Christian has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Christian has been in-volved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most no-tably, Christian contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Christian re-stored a section of hiking trail in Green Hills of Platte Wildlife Preserve in Parkville, Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Christian Charles Torchia for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achiev-ing the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. f 
BAY AREA REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER ACHIEVES CHEST PAIN CENTER ACCREDITATION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Bay Area Regional Medical Cen-ter in Houston, TX for achieving Chest Pain Center Accreditation with PCI and Resuscita-tion from the Society of Cardiovascular Patient Care. Bay Area Regional is the first and only hos-pital in Houston and only the fifth in Texas to achieve this outstanding recognition. This ac-creditation is achieved by hospitals proven to have a higher level of expertise regarding pa-tients with heart attack symptoms. Bay Area Regional has stacked its staff with a dedicated and expert cardiology team that ensures its patients receive the best care and treatment, while also promoting community awareness to prepare and prevent heart attacks. Their hard work and success keeps Houstonians healthy. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Bay Area Regional Medical Center for achieving Chest Pain Center Accreditation. We are very proud and happy to have such an exceptional hospital so close to home. Thank you for all your hard work. 
f 
OPPOSITION TO H.R. 21 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today, I voted against H.R. 21, a bill that would allow Congress to summarily reject any regulation fi-nalized during the final year of a President’s administration. Current law, under the Congressional Re-view Act (CRA), already allows Congress to invalidate rules adopted in the final 60 legisla-tive days of an outgoing Administration on a case-by-case basis, preventing agencies from promulgating that rule or any substantially similar rule. Today’s bill, however, would allow Repub-licans to invalidate important regulations pro-tecting public health, consumer rights, and the environment en bloc, without debating each rule individually or providing the transparency and accountability that would come from a rule-by-rule vote. This means that rules finalized after the thorough and public process set forth by law— or extended by lawsuits—that agencies must follow are invalidated, even if the underlying problems remain, and with no plan to fix those underlying problems. For instance, rules lim-iting horse soring or strengthening consumer protections regarding organic food could be blocked under this rule. The voters elected President Obama to a second, full four-year term. This deeply anti- democratic effort by the Republican majority not only undermines the President, it also leaves Americans and our environment hold-ing the bag. H.R. 21 is perhaps more detri-mental than the Senate’s refusal to fill the Su-preme Court vacancy because this bill would allow Congress to invalidate an entire year of an entire administration’s work. f 
HONORING JOEL MADDEN 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Joel Madden. Joel is a very special young man who has exempli-fied the finest qualities of citizenship and lead-ership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1099, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Joel has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Joel has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Joel contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Joel Madden for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05JA8.001 E05JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE24 January 5, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF THOMAS WIL-LIAMS, STATE DIRECTOR OF USDA RURAL DEVELOPMENT— PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Thomas Williams, State Direc-tor of U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development for Pennsylvania. Appointed to the USDA by President Obama in July 2009, Mr. Williams will retire from federal service on January 7, 2017. As State Director for Pennsylvania, Mr. Wil-liams was responsible for securing loans, grants, loan guarantees and technical assist-ance offered through 40 Rural Development housing, utility and business programs. Mr. Williams managed 106 employees and 9 re-gional offices across Pennsylvania, as well as the state office in Harrisburg. During his seven years with the USDA, Rural Development in-vested over $5 billion in Pennsylvania infra-structure. Prior to his tenure with the USDA, Mr. Wil-liams served as a congressional aide to former U.S. Congressman Paul Kanjorski. Mr. Williams also worked with several commu-nities in Pennsylvania and New York to assist local development and economic development efforts. Mr. Williams is a graduate of Wilkes University and received his Master’s degree from Bloomsburg University. He currently re-sides in Mountain Top with his wife, Nancy. It is an honor to recognize Thomas Williams for his service to our country, and I wish him all the best in his retirement. 
f 
KATIE HYDE EARNS GIRL SCOUT GOLD AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Katie Hyde of Sugar Land, TX, for earning her Girl Scout Gold Award. The Gold Award is the highest achievement a Girl Scout can earn. To earn this distin-guished award, Katie had to spend at least 80 hours developing and executing a project that would benefit the community and have a long- term impact on girls as well. Her Gold project included building sets of horse jumps for the therapeutic riding program at Southern Eques-trian Center, which will make it easier for those with physical or mental disabilities to ride horses. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Katie Hyde for earning her Girl Scout Gold Award. We are confident she will have contin-ued success in her future endeavors. We are very proud. HONORING RAYMOND PROBST, JR. HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Raymond Probst, Jr. Raymond is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizen-ship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1099, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Raymond has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Raymond has been in-volved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most no-tably, Raymond contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Raymond Probst, Jr., for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SHERIFF GLYNN COOPER 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my personal congratulations and best wishes to an out-standing leader and exceptional public serv-ant, Chattahoochee County Sheriff Glynn Coo-per. Sheriff Cooper will be retiring from his po-sition as Sheriff and a surprise celebration will be held for him on Saturday, January 7, 2017 at 2:00 p.m. at the Roscoe Robinson Recre-ation Center in Cusseta, Georgia. Glynn Cooper was born in Schley County, Georgia on April 15, 1934 to Wesley and Mozelle Cooper. He, along with his brothers, Fred, Leonard, and Drane, worked on farms in Stewart and Webster counties in Georgia. He met the love of his life, Estelle, at a dance and they married on December 11, 1954. As a newlywed couple, they lived with his parents until Sheriff Cooper could secure a home in Cusseta, Georgia, where he still lives today. They welcomed a daughter, Glynda, on October 12, 1957. Estelle was Sheriff Coo-per’s partner, supporter, and best friend until she passed away in 1998. Growing up on a farm taught Sheriff Cooper to be a jack of all trades. He worked at Pres-ton’s Garage in Columbus, Georgia until he opened Cooper’s Garage in Cusseta. He and Estelle, who was Senior Clerk at the Post Of-fice, began purchasing and building Cooper Rental Properties, a business which remains in the family to this day. He had set his sights on being elected Sheriff of Chattahoochee County but initially suffered a loss. Never a quitter, he was elect-ed Sheriff in 1973 and maintained a one-man office with the radio call number 651. He soon dubbed Estelle as 651
1⁄2on the radio. With his family’s support, Sheriff Cooper has been a faithful servant to the people of Chattahoo-chee County for a remarkable 43 years. He has earned the distinction of being the sec-ond-longest-serving Sheriff in the state of Georgia. Sheriff Cooper is also actively involved in the community. He previously served on the school board and City Council. He also volun-teered his time and efforts to serving on nu-merous civic organizations. Raised in a Chris-tian home, he joined Louvale Missionary Bap-tist Church at a young age. Today, he is a faithful member of Cusseta Baptist Church. Dr. Benjamin E. Mays often said: ‘‘You make your living by what you get; you make your life by what you give.’’ Not only has Sher-iff Cooper made his living by keeping watch over the citizens of Chattahoochee County, but he has also made his life by giving back to the County in so many ways. We are all very grateful for his tireless advocacy in keep-ing our community safe. A man of great integ-rity, his efforts, his dedication, and his work ethic are unparalleled, but his heart for helping others utilizing these qualities has made his life’s work truly special. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District in honoring Sheriff Glynn Cooper for his dedicated service to the people of Chattahoochee County as he retires from his position as Sheriff. f 
INTRODUCTION OF CONSTITU-TIONAL AMENDMENT TO ELIMI-NATE THE ELECTORAL COLLEGE AND PROVIDE FOR THE DIRECT ELECTION OF THE PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of a constitutional amendment I intro-duced today to eliminate the electoral college and provide for the direct election of our na-tion’s President and Vice President. As Founding Father Thomas Jefferson said, ‘‘I am not an advocate for frequent changes in laws and constitutions, but laws and institu-tions must go hand in hand with the progress of the human mind. As that becomes more de-veloped, more enlightened, as new discov-eries are made, new truths discovered and manners and opinions change, with the change of circumstances, institutions must ad-vance also to keep pace with the times. We might well as require a man to wear still the coat which fitted him when a boy as civilized society to remain ever under the regimen of their barbarous ancestors.’’ For the second time in recent memory, and for the fifth time in our history, the national popular vote winner will not become President because of the electoral college. This has happened twice to candidates from Ten-nessee: Al Gore and Andrew Jackson. The reason is because the electoral college, established to prevent an uninformed citizenry from directly electing our nation’s President, no longer fits our nation’s needs. When the Founders established the elec-toral college it was in an era of limited nation-wide communication. The electoral structure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JA8.004 E05JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE25 January 5, 2017 
was premised on a theory that citizens would have a better chance of knowing about elec-tors from their home states than about presi-dential candidates from out-of-state. Electors were supposed to be people of good judgment who were trusted with picking a qualified President and Vice President on behalf of the people. They held the responsibility of choos-ing a President because it was believed that the general public could not be properly in-formed of the candidates and the values each held. That notion—that citizens should be pre-vented from directly electing the President—is antithetical to our understanding of democracy today, and our electoral process has not evolved to match our abilities to communicate, collect information, and make informed deci-sions about candidates. The development of mass media and the internet has made infor-mation about presidential candidates easily accessible to U.S. citizens across the country and around the world. The people no longer need the buffer of the electoral college to be knowledgeable about and decide who will be president. Today, citizens have a far better chance of knowing about out-of-state presi-dential candidates than knowing about presi-dential electors from their home states. Most people do not even know who their electors are. While our ability to communicate has evolved so has the electoral college, but not in a positive way. Electors are now little more than rubber stamps who are chosen based on their political parties and who represent the in-terests of those political parties, rather than representing the people. Most states legally bind their electors to vote for whomever wins that state’s popular vote, so electors can no longer exercise individual judgment when se-lecting a candidate. In our country, ‘‘We the People,’’ are sup-posed to determine who represents us in elec-tive office. Yet, we use an anachronistic proc-ess for choosing who will hold the highest of-fices in the land. It is time for us to fix this, and that is why I have introduced this amendment today. Since our nation first adopted our Constitu-tion, ‘‘We the People,’’ have amended it re-peatedly to expand the opportunity for citizens to directly elect our leaders: The 15th Amendment guarantees the right of all citizens to vote, regardless of race. The 19th Amendment guarantees the right of all citizens to vote, regardless of gender. The 26th Amendment guarantees the right of all citizens 18 years of age and older to vote, regardless of age. And the 17th Amendment empowers citi-zens to directly elect U.S. Senators. We need to amend our Constitution to em-power citizens to directly elect the President and the Vice President of the United States. Working together, I know we can make our electoral college fit the world we live in today, and make our Constitution better reflect the ‘‘more perfect Union’’ to which it aspires. HONORING AARON JACOB STOCKMAN 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Aaron Jacob Stockman. Aaron is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1394, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Aaron has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Aaron has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Aaron contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Aaron Jacob Stockman for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achiev-ing the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MR. A. WARREN KULP, JR. 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of A. Warren Kulp, Jr., better known as Sonny, of Riviera Beach, Florida, who passed away on December 31st in West Palm Beach, Florida at the age of 81. Sonny’s life was the American Dream per-sonified; after graduating from Hilltown High School in Pennsylvania in 1953, he worked as a self-employed dairy farmer for his entire life. He also earned his real estate license and worked as the head of the real estate depart-ment for eight years in Bucks County, Penn-sylvania. After moving to Florida with his wife Judith, he worked at the Palm Beach Kennel Club until his retirement in 2007. Outside of work, Sonny pursued many dif-ferent interests. He was a loyal, lifelong Re-publican and served as an officer and com-mittee chairman for the Pennridge Republican Club. Sonny was a member of Trinity United Methodist Church in West Palm Beach and he was also an avid Steelers fan. We are deeply saddened by the loss of such a prominent and active member of our community. Sonny is survived by his loving wife Judith, his two sons Steven and Richard, his daugh-ter, Patricia, and six grandchildren: Kiamesha, Brianna, Mary, Frances, Patrick III and An-thony. Mr. Speaker, my thoughts and prayers are with Mr. Kulp’s family and loved ones as they mourn his passing. He will be greatly missed. TRIBUTE TO SAIPAN SHIPPING, INC. HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN 
OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF THE NORTHERN  
MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, August 11, 1956 marks a watershed moment in the history of the Northern Mariana Islands. That was the day that Saipan Shipping, Incorporated, was established, setting the Marianas on a course for economic resiliency and self-sufficiency that endures today. Seven years before the founding of Saipan Shipping, in the aftermath of World War II, Jose C. ‘‘Joeten’’ Tenorio started a small gro-cery story in Chalan Kanoa, Saipan. What started out as a way to help deliver goods to local customers eventually developed into one of the largest businesses in the Marianas. However, as Joeten’s business grew, he ran into a major obstacle: In 1956, regular Japa-nese liners from the war were gone, the Trust Territory government ships did not run regu-larly, and cargo bound for Saipan often sat in port on Guam for days or even weeks. The lack of reliable and affordable shipping service to Saipan increased the costs of goods shipped to a small and struggling island econ-omy. Not content to accept the status quo, Joeten decided to do something about it. He reached out to family and friends to buy 100 shares in a start-up shipping company, and, on August 11, 1956, they formed Saipan Shipping Com-pany, Incorporated. The company began with its first vessel, the M/V Hope, which was purchased for $50,000 from Kenneth T. Jones Jr., President of Jones and Guerrero Company, Incorporated, on Guam. The converted minesweeper with twin screws and a wooden hull made weekly runs between Guam and Saipan, as well as occa-sional trips to the Northern Islands to pick up copra, which was sold to Japanese pur-chasers at the time. The boat also collected brass, copper, and other metals left from the war on the islands. Often these goods were delivered to Japan directly by the M/V Hope when it sailed there each year to dry-dock. In May 1962, Saipan Shipping purchased the M/V Four Winds, also a former military and CIA vessel, from Bruan Shipping in Dela-ware. The Four Winds traveled a regular route between Saipan and Japan. However, soon after the acquisition of the M/V Four Winds, Saipan Shipping would be challenged by two catastrophes. In November of 1962, just months after the acquisition of the Four Winds, the M/V Hope was struck by another vessel, the Guam Bear, which ren-dered the Hope unseaworthy. Days later, on November 11, Super Typhoon Karen hit Guam, sinking the Hope while it was in dry dock on Guam. Despite these twin calamities, Saipan Ship-ping bounced back by taking the M/V Four Winds out of the Japan run to handle the local service run between Guam and Saipan, as well as quarterly trips to the Northern Islands. Saipan Shipping continued to evolve in the years that followed. In 1965, the company began chartering the M/V Ran Annim from the Trust Territory government. In 1966, after the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JA8.007 E05JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE26 January 5, 2017 
M/V Four Winds was sold, the Ran Annim serviced the local route exclusively, until three years later, when it was replaced by the M/V Mas Mauleg, a larger vessel with passenger capacity. In 1971, Saipan Shipping purchased the M/ V Normar for local service and chartered the M/V Mas Mauleg to Micronesian Interocean Lines, Incorporated, a shipping company serv-ing all the Micronesian islands. When Interocean Lines went bankrupt in 1974, Saipan Shipping saw an opportunity. The company started a joint shipping venture with Kyowa Shipping Company Limited, which marked the beginning of over 15 years of Saipan Shipping service to Micronesia and a partnership that endures to this day. The char-ters, however, were terminated in the late 1970s due to high costs caused by the global fuel crisis. Despite that termination, Saipan Shipping maintained service to Micronesia and the South Pacific by facilitating voyage space charters on the Kyowa vessels sailing these routes. As the 1980s economic boom on Saipan dawned, Saipan Shipping flourished as it adapted to the changing needs of the island economy. In 1979, the company sold the M/V Normar, ending 23 years of almost continuous vessel ownership. The company then signed a charter contract with Transpac Marine in 1980 for weekly tug and barge service to Guam, Saipan, and Tinian. After Transpac Marine’s barge #S–2009 ran aground on Guam in 1986, Marianas Tug & Barge became the charter company for Saipan Shipping. In 1982, Saipan Shipping also negotiated a connecting carrier and agency agreement with American President Lines—a major U.S. ship-ping company, which supplemented the com-pany’s existing relationship with SeaLand Services. These relationships resulted in Saipan Ship-ping becoming the primary carrier for Amer-ican President Lines cargo loading and off-loading on Saipan. Combined with the com-pany’s existing relationship with Kyowa, Saipan Shipping was poised to profit from the 1980s economic boom brought on by the growth of tourism and the garment industry. In 1983, the first shipment of garments—all sweaters—was delivered from Saipan to New York. Saipan Shipping took the first containers to Guam. At the time, only three garment manufacturers were on Saipan. But, over time, the industry grew to eleven in 1987, then 23 in 1990. By 1997, there were more than 30 clothing factories on Saipan. By 1999, the value of clothing produced on Saipan had hit $1 billion, which translated into large profits for Saipan Shipping. However, the expansion of the garment in-dustry on Saipan also led to more competition in the shipping industry as shipping companies emerged to rival Saipan Shipping’s foothold. Over time, though, Saipan Shipping pulled ahead. In 1996, American President Lines was purchased by Matson Navigation Company, a change that Saipan Shipping leveraged to transform its business once more. From being simply a carrier’s principal agent, the company transitioned into more of a local partnership, with Saipan Shipping employees regularly par-ticipating in Matson’s training programs at the turn of the century and working hand-in-hand to meet the shipping demands of the garment industry. In that same year, Saipan Shipping pushed ahead with transforming its business, partnering with Kyowa and private investors to establish Marianas Steamship Agencies, In-corporated. This new company served as the husbanding agent for Saipan Shipping on Guam, providing goods and services needed by Saipan Shipping boats or crew. In the early 21st century, major policy shifts at the national and international levels altered the economic landscape in the Marianas and profoundly impacted the shipping industry. The end of international quota restrictions in the global garment trade made it cost prohibitive for the garment industry to remain on Saipan, which led to all 31 garment factories closing shop in the early 2000s. As a testament to its resiliency, however, Saipan Shipping endured while other shipping companies closed. Moreover, the company ex-panded. In 2001, Saipan Shipping ended 21 years of chartering boats with the purchase of Marianas Tug & Barge. The purchase included all of MarTug’s equipment, most importantly the tugs Sea Husky and Don Juan Tenorio, and barges Francisca III and Francisca IV. All operations of MarTug were thus assumed, in-cluding the subsidiary Mid-Pacific Salvage, ef-fectively adding marine salvaging to Saipan Shipping’s portfolio of services. Then the terrorist attacks of September 11 rocked our nation, and the world. The global economy reeled in the aftermath of the at-tacks, and new challenges arose for the ship-ping industry as more stringent regulations were adopted to increase national security. Undeterred, Saipan Shipping demonstrated its adaptability once again by upgrading its infor-mation technology to increase efficiency and profitability. The company automated many aspects of its business, which helped stream-line customs and quarantine processing, cus-tomer clearance processing, and physical clearance of cargo. Still standing as the lone local shipping company in the Marianas, Saipan Shipping moved confidently into the new millennium. In 2005, the company entered into an agency agreement with Marianas-based vessel oper-ator, Seabridge, Incorporated, serving inter- island trade between Saipan and Guam. Tragedy struck again in 2015 with Super Ty-phoon Soudelor, which wreaked more havoc on Saipan’s port than many previous storms. But Saipan Shipping stood strong, rebounding and reaching out into the community to deliver much needed relief supplies. Today, with construction booming and a budding gaming industry on Saipan, Saipan Shipping is adjusting as it always has to meet the demands of the local economy. And while competition has emerged, yet again, Saipan Shipping has adapted, yet again, to work with competitors to help the island economy pros-per, yet again. Jose C. ‘‘Joeten’’ Tenorio probably could not have imagined the remarkable evolution and many iterations of Saipan Shipping Company, Incorporated after its inception in 1956. But he would not have been surprised by Saipan Shipping’s ability to adapt and thrive. Nor would Joeten have been surprised by the vital role that Saipan Shipping has played and con-tinues to play in the local and regional econ-omy. After all, that is exactly why he helped start the company, to achieve the one purpose spelled out in its Articles of Incorporation in 1956 and to this day: ‘‘The purpose of this Corporation is to en-gage in trade and commerce in and between [Saipan]’’, the Marianas, the Pacific, and, in-deed, the world. 
f 
THE HONOR ROLL SCHOOL CELEBRATES 25TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish the Honor Roll School in Sugar Land, TX, a happy 25th birthday. The Honor Roll School is a private school with a focus of developing well-rounded, life-long learners, with the social, emotional and academic skills to excel in the future. The school is made up of students from over 50 countries and every continent in the world. To celebrate their 25th year, the Honor Roll School held an international themed birthday party, which included special guests and speakers, along with booths and tables show-casing various countries. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations to the Honor Roll School for teaching and preparing our children for a successful future these past 25 years. We truly appreciate all they have done and look forward to the next generation of Texans to complete the program. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JACQUELINE NOONAN 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Jacqueline Noonan, who recently re-tired as Mayor after 29 years of service and dedication to the city of Utica. On January 8th, friends and family will gather to celebrate her retirement and pay tribute to her many accom-plishments. Jackie graduated from Oakland University with a Bachelor’s Degree in Secondary Edu-cation. She found great joy in working with kids as a teacher and later as a volunteer in the Utica Community Schools where her chil-dren attended school. In fact, if there was a way to get involved in her community, Jackie found it. A committed and prolific volunteer, Jackie served as a member of the Utica Com-munity Schools Enrollment Advisory Board, volunteered with the Girl Scouts and Boy Scouts, was active in St. Lawrence Catholic Church, and helped new mothers with La Leche League International. While serving as Mayor, she continued to work closely with stu-dents as a spokesperson and advocate for the Macomb County Traffic Safety Association’s ‘‘Don’t Drink and Drive’’ alcohol education pro-gram. In 1991, she returned to the classroom teaching at Marlow Junior High and later at Ei-senhower High School. Jackie and her husband Jerry loved being a part of Utica’s small town life where they ran a family business for 21 years. Jerry went to work for the Fire Department and later retired as the Assistant Fire Chief and Fire Inspector. Jackie was a founding member of the Friends of Utica Public Library and served on numer-ous committees throughout the community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05JA8.007 E05JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE27 January 5, 2017 
She was elected to City Council in 1981 and was elected Mayor in 1987. As Mayor, Jackie understood that in addition to serving its residents, the City of Utica also plays a vital role in strengthening the region as a whole. She led the efforts to improve es-sential city services and responsiveness to constituents and businesses. Jackie spear-headed efforts to improve local roads including the widening of important roadways like M–59 and Van Dyke Avenue. Working closely with her on this project, I saw firsthand her dogged determination. Jackie also saw the value in establishing strong working relationships with her neighboring communities of Sterling Heights and Shelby Township as they shared services and resources. They even held their annual State of the City addresses together. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Jackie and wishing her and her husband Jerry, and all their children and grandchildren the very best as they begin this next chapter. I am grateful to Jackie for her many years of dedicated public service, as well as for her friendship, and I am so pleased to join with the entire community in paying tribute to her, which is so deeply deserved. 
f 
BOND COUNTY BICENTENNIAL 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the bicentennial anniversary of Bond County in my home state of Illinois. Bond County was created on January 4th, 1817 by an act of the Illinois Territorial Legis-lature. This event occurred nearly two years before Illinois was admitted into the Union as the 21st state. The initial dimensions of Bond County were quite unique, as it was only 24 miles wide, but stretched over 600 miles north to include a portion of Michigan’s Upper Peninsula. The county gets its name from Shadrach Bond, who had been an army colonel in the War of 1812, and, given the county’s initial layout, had farmed well north of present-day Bond County. Shadrach Bond also served as the first governor of Illinois. Over time Bond County gave birth to numer-ous other counties in the state, and ceded some of its land to Wisconsin and Michigan as well, so that today Bond County is one of the smaller counties in Illinois. Yet its rich history, along with the spirit and pride of its people, has outlasted all of these changes. This year Bond County has planned a grand celebration in recognition of its bicentennial. This celebration began on January 5th with a commemorative program and a special procla-mation by the County Board. Later this year, on July 2nd, the main celebration will occur with tours, a parade, food and many other ac-tivities, climaxing with a fireworks show. I ask that we all join in that celebration as we pay tribute to the history and the people that made Bond County, and to the pioneering spirit that lives today in all of its citizens. I stand today to salute Bond County on its 200th anniversary and to wish it the very best in the future. KATE FOGLEMAN EARNS SPOT ON KIDS SWEETS SHOWDOWN HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Kate Fogleman of Sugar Land, TX, for earning a spot on the Food Network show, Kids Sweets Showdown. Kate is a 10-year-old girl who just loves to bake. She fell in love with watching kids bak-ing competitions on the Food Network and was inspired to apply herself. After being turned down for the Kids Baking Champion-ship show, she persevered and succeeded in earning a spot on the Food Network’s new show, Kids Sweets Showdown. The show fea-tures talented kids preparing ‘‘merry sweet treats’’ in hopes of staying on the judges’ ‘‘nice list.’’ Kate was featured on two episodes of the show, Santa Express and Snow Day Doughnuts. When she’s not baking, Kate spends her time on her schools yearbook committee and dancing competitively for Dance Works in Missouri City, TX. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Kate Fogleman for earning a spot on Kids Sweets Showdown. We are extremely proud of her and look forward to her future success as a baker. 
f 
IN HONOR OF PATRICK J. MITCHELL 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the loss of a great Arizonan and American, Patrick J. Mitchell, 61, from Yuma, Arizona, who worked in Washington for many years, on November 27, 2016. Pat was a trusted advisor and advocate for many in Con-gress and he will be missed as a powerful ad-vocate (with an Arizona perspective) for edu-cation, environment and natural resources, and labor issues in Washington DC councils. Born in Yuma, AZ, on April 13, 1955, Pat was an accomplished athlete at Yuma High School where he was elected student body president. He went on to his beloved Univer-sity of Arizona where he was elected student body president and from which he graduated in 1977. He received his Juris Doctorate from Arizona State University in 1981. Pat spent the next 35 years in politics and government fighting to improve the lives of others. He served as a congressional aide to Arizona Senator Dennis DeConcini, chief of staff to Representative Louise Slaughter from New York, political advisor to Arizona Governor Janet Napolitano and the late Representative Mo Udall from Arizona, and senior advisor to two presidential campaigns, including serving with the Simon campaign in Iowa. Pat also was a special assistant attorney general for the State of Arizona. He went on to start his own government affairs firm, Strategic Impact in Washington D.C., where he focused on ap-propriations, water and land management, and higher education issues. A beloved Arizona Wildcat fan, Pat was a member of the UA Bobcat Senior Honorary Society and served on the university’s alumni board. He was also deeply involved with the Yuma community and in supporting Yuma’s Catholic High School. Pat cherished his family and he is pre-deceased by his parents, Henry and Helen (Curry) Mitchell of Yuma, and is survived by his brother Bryan Mitchell, sister Kathleen Dyer, nephews Ian and Dan Mitchell, and grandnieces Erin and Emily Mitchell. He often spoke of his father’s military service to the na-tion. Pat worked hard to ensure that the working families of Arizona had a voice when it came to national policy and debates, whether related to access to higher education or the natural beauty of the Nation. Pat was among those that rose to the challenge in a Republic that needs the best to engage in these national discussions. Few in this world loved their state and its people more. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF GENEVIEVE M. KUZIA 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Genevieve M. Kuzia, who is turning 100 years old on January 5, 2017. Gerry, as she is known to all, was one of seven daughters born to Stephanie and An-thony Kazmierezyk in Boston, Massachusetts. As a child Gerry moved with her family down to Delaware for three years so her father could work on the railroad. In 1923, they moved back to the Commonwealth and settled in Hyde Park. After finishing at Hyde Park High School in 1935, Gerry worked for a law firm in Boston for several years. It was at the wedding of a family friend that Gerry met Francis A. Kuzia, who had just been honorably discharged from the Marine Corps. Francis, or Frank as he was known, and Gerry fell in love and were married on July 13, 1942 and settled in Hyde Park to have three children—Paul, Susan and Robert. After raising three wonderful children and spending her time as a fulltime caring and lov-ing mother, Gerry went back to work for the Hyde Park branch of the Boston Public Library where she worked for 16 years till her retire-ment in 1982. After losing the love of her life, Frank, in 1993, Gerry moved to Braintree, Massachu-setts before moving to the Cape Cod Senior Residences in 2009 due to failing eyesight. Al-ways armed with a smile and a kind word, Gerry is beloved at Cape Cod Senior Resi-dences. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Gerry on this joyous occasion. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing her many more years of good health and continued happiness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05JA8.009 E05JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE28 January 5, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. ERICA SARGENT 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Mrs. Erica Sargent for her service to my office and the people of California’s 21st Con-gressional District. Mrs. Sargent was born on May 30, 1990 in Los Banos, California, where she grew up on her family’s dairy farm with her parents, Joey and Charlotte Mello, her sister Trisha, and her brother Michael. As a child, Erica took part in Future Farmers of America, where she showed dairy cows, Holsteins, Jerseys, and swine. After graduating from Los Banos High School, Mrs. Sargent went on to receive her Bachelor’s Degree in Agriculture Business at California State University, Fresno in 2013. While in college, Erica was a member of Delta Gamma Sorority and worked as a nanny part- time. On September 3, 2016, Erica married her husband Brandon Sargent. Mrs. Sargent has held several positions with my office, in both Washington, D.C. and Cali-fornia over the past 4 years. She first joined my team as Staff Assistant in my Washington, D.C. office in July 2013. As Staff Assistant, she was instrumental in supporting others in daily tasks and helping the office run smooth-ly. In December 2013, she was promoted to Scheduler. Mrs. Sargent relocated from Wash-ington, D.C. back to California’s Central Val-ley, where she remained on my team as a Field Representative in Fresno County. Mrs. Sargent was known for her hard work and ex-cellent community outreach. She was re-spected by her peers and was able to create and foster connections with constituents, busi-ness leaders, and public officials, all of which are integral skills of congressional staffers. Outside of work, Erica enjoys spending time with her family, especially her husband, sister, and niece, Sofia. She is currently pursuing a Master’s Degree from National University and hopes to become a school counselor. Mrs. Sargent’s time with my office will come to a close today, January 5, 2017, when she leaves to begin an internship in Laton, Cali-fornia, as a school counselor. Knowing Mrs. Sargent, her character, and her work ethic, I have no doubt that she will achieve many great things in her future. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in commending Mrs. Erica Sargent for her public service to the people of the Central Valley and wishing her well as she embarks on the next chapter of her life. 
f 
HOUSTON METHODIST SUGAR LAND HOSPITAL EARNS AN ‘‘A’’ 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Houston Methodist Sugar Land Hospital for earning an ‘‘A’’ for patient safety for the sixth year in a row. Houston Methodist Sugar Land Hospital prides itself on the dedication of its physicians, nurses, technicians and staff to keep patients as healthy and safe as possible. Twice a year the Hospital Safety Score, part of The Leap-frog Group, grades hospitals based on how well they protect patients from errors, injuries, accidents and infections while in the hospital. Houston Methodist Sugar Land was one of 844 hospitals across the nation to earn an ‘‘A’’ grade in the fall 2016 survey. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Houston Methodist Sugar Land Hospital for earning an ‘‘A’’ for patient safety. We all ben-efit from their commitment to quality healthcare and we thank them for their hard work to keep Houstonians healthy. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LYNN JENKINS 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, January 5, 2017 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I was absent on Roll Call Votes 12 through 23 on the evening of January 5, 2017. I am an original cosponsor of H.R. 26, the Regulations in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2017. I would have voted against all amendments that would weaken the underlying legislation, would have voted in favor of amendments that strengthen the underlying legislation, and would have voted in favor of final passage of this important legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05JA8.014 E05JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D14 Thursday, January 5, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S73–S121 Measures Introduced: Twenty-six bills and two resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 32–57, and S. Res. 7–8.
                                                     Page S112–13 
Measures Passed: Majority party’s committee membership: Senate agreed to S. Res. 7, to constitute the majority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are chosen.
                                                                       Page S106 
Minority party’s committee membership: Senate agreed to S. Res. 8, to constitute the minority par-ty’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are chosen.
                                                               Pages S106–07 
Measures Considered: Budget Resolution—Agreement: Senate continued consideration of S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the ap-propriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
       Pages S75–S106, S107 
Pending: Enzi (for Paul) Amendment No. 1, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                      Page S97–S106 
Sanders Amendment No. 19, relative to Social Se-curity, Medicare, and Medicaid.
                           Page S106 
Sanders (for Hirono/Donnelly) Amendment No. 20, to protect the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 
                                                                                              Page S107 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 48 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 2), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to waive section 305(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, with respect to Kaine Amendment No. 8, relating to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Subsequently, the point of order that the amendment was in violation of section 305(b)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, was sus-tained, and the amendment falls.                    Page S79–95 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, January 9, 2017, Senate vote on or in relation to Paul Amend-ment No. 1 (listed above); and that at 2:30 p.m., on Tuesday, January 10, 2017, Senate vote on or in re-lation to Sanders Amendment No. 19 (listed above). 
                                                                                              Page S121 
Counting of Electoral Ballots—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 12:45 p.m., on Friday, January 6, 2017, Senate stand in recess, to then proceed as a body to the hall of the House of Representatives under the provisions of S. Con. Res. 2, to provide for the counting on January 6, 2017, of the electoral votes for President and Vice President of the United States; and that upon the dissolution of the Joint Session, Senate stand adjourned until 2:00 p.m., on Monday, January 9, 2017; and that following Leader remarks, Senate resume consideration of S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fis-cal years 2018 through 2026.
                               Page S121 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Mary Ellen Barbera, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the State Justice Insti-tute for a term expiring September 17, 2018. David V. Brewer, of Oregon, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the State Justice Institute for a term expiring September 17, 2019. Wilfredo Martinez, of Florida, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the State Justice Institute for a term expiring September 17, 2019. Chase Rogers, of Connecticut, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the State Justice Institute for a term expiring September 17, 2018. Claudia Slacik, of New York, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2019.
                                                                                  Page S121 
Messages From the House:                                  Page S110 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JA7.REC D05JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D15 January 5, 2017 
Measures Referred:                                           Pages S110–11 
Petitions and Memorials:                              Pages S111–12 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S113–14 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                              Page S114 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S110–18 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S118–20 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                      Pages S120–21 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S121 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—2)
                                                                          Page S95 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:48 p.m., until 12:45 p.m. on Friday, January 6, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S121.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
FOREIGN CYBER THREATS Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine foreign cyber threats to the United States, after receiving testimony from James R. Clapper, Jr., Director of National Intelligence; and Marcel J. Lettre II, Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, and Admiral Michael S. Rogers, USN, Commander, Cyber Command, Director, Na-tional Security Agency, Chief, Central Security Serv-ices, both of the Department of Defense. RUSSIAN HACKING AND HARASSMENT OF U.S. DIPLOMATS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a closed briefing on administration actions in response to Russian hacking and harassment of United States diplomats from Victoria Nuland, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs, and Gentry O. Smith, Director, Office of Foreign Missions, both of the Department of State; Danny Toler, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, Cybersecu-rity and Communications, National Protection and Programs Directorate; and John Smith, Acting Di-rector, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury. BUSINESS MEETING Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee adopted its rules of procedure for the 115th Congress. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 55 pub-lic bills, H.R. 294–348; 1 private bill, H.R. 349; and 10 resolutions, H.J. Res. 19–20; H. Con. Res. 6–7; and H. Res. 23–28, were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H179–82 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H184 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Reading of the Constitution: Pursuant to section 5(a) of H. Res. 5, the Chair recognized Representa-tive Goodlatte for the reading of the Constitution. 
                                                                                      Pages H101–08 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:15 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                                Page H108 
Objecting to United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 as an obstacle to Israeli-Pales-tinian peace: The House agreed to H. Res. 11, ob-jecting to United Nations Security Council Resolu-tion 2334 as an obstacle to Israeli-Palestinian peace, by a yea-and-nay vote of 342 yeas to 80 nays with 4 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 11.        Pages H146–65 
H. Res. 22, the rule providing for consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 11) and the bill (H.R. 26) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 231 ayes to 187 noes, Roll No. 10, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 235 yeas to 188 nays, Roll No. 9.
                                                 Pages H113–24 
Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scru-tiny Act of 2017: The House passed H.R. 26, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, by a recorded vote of 237 ayes to 187 noes, Roll No. 23. 
                                                                    Pages H124–46, H173–74 
Rejected the Murphy (FL) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 190 ayes to 235 noes, Roll No. 22.
            Page H172–73 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JA7.REC D05JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD16 January 5, 2017 
Agreed to: Goodlate amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–1) that revises monetary threshold for identi-fication of major rules to imposition on the economy of costs of $100 million or more per year, adjusted for inflation, to conform to monetary threshold in re-lated legislation;
                                                   Pages H134–35 
Messer amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 115–1) that requires each agency promulgating a new rule to identify and repeal or amend an existing rule or rules to completely offset any annual costs of the new rule to the United States economy (by a re-corded vote of 235 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 12); and
                                                             Pages H135–36, H165–66 
King (IA) amendment (No. 12 printed in H. Rept. 115–1) that creates a process for Congress to review all rules currently in effect over a 10 year pe-riod (by a recorded vote of 230 ayes to 193 noes, Roll No. 21).
                                       Pages H144–46, H171–72 
Rejected: Johnson (GA) amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 115–1) that sought to exempt rules that im-prove the employment, retention, and wages of workforce participants, especially those with signifi-cant barriers to employment;
                        Pages H140–41 
Grijalva amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 115–1) that sought to require an accounting of the greenhouse gas emission impacts associated with a rule as well as an analysis of the impacts on low-in-come and rural communities; if the rule increases carbon dioxide by a certain amount or increases the risk of certain health impacts to low-income or rural communities, then the rule is defined as a major rule (by a recorded vote of 193 ayes to 230 noes, Roll No. 13);
                                                        Pages H136–37, H166 
Castor (FL) amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 115–1) that sought to ensure any rule that will result in reduced incidence of cancer, premature mortality, asthma attacks, or respiratory disease in children is not considered a ‘‘major rule’’ under the bill (by a recorded vote of 190 ayes to 233 noes, Roll No. 14);
                                             Pages H137–38, H167 
Cicilline amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 115–1) that sought to exempt rules pertaining to the protection of the public health or safety from the requirements of the Act (by a recorded vote of 186 ayes to 232 noes, Roll No. 15); 
                                                                    Pages H138–39, H167–68 
Conyers amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 115–1) that sought to exempt rules that provide for reduction in the amount of lead in public drinking water (by a recorded vote of 192 ayes to 231 noes, Roll No. 16);
                                             Pages H139–40, H168 
Johnson (GA) amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 115–1) that sought to expand the term ‘‘spe-cial rule’’ to include any safety product rule gov-erning products used or consumed by children under 2 years of age (by a recorded vote of 190 ayes to 234 noes, Roll No. 17);                                 Pages H140, H168–69 
Nadler amendment (No. 9 printed in H. Rept. 115–1) that sought to exempt from the bill’s con-gressional approval requirement any rule pertaining to nuclear reactor safety standards in order to pre-vent nuclear meltdowns (by a recorded vote of 194 ayes to 231 noes, Roll No. 18); 
                                                                    Pages H141–42, H169–70 
McNerney amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 115–1) that sought to ensure that any rule in-tended to ensure the safety of natural gas or haz-ardous materials pipelines or prevent, mitigate, or reduce the impact of spills from such pipelines is not considered a ‘‘major rule’’ under the bill (by a re-corded vote of 190 ayes to 235 noes, Roll No. 19); and
                                                                   Pages H142–43, H170 
Scott (VA) amendment (No. 11 printed in H. Rept. 115–1) that sought to exempt from the defini-tion of a ‘‘rule’’ in the REINS Act of 2017 any rule that pertains to workplace health and safety made by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration or the Mine Safety and Health Administration that is necessary to prevent or reduce the incidence of traumatic injury, cancer or irreversible lung disease (by a recorded vote of 193 ayes to 232 noes, Roll No. 20).
                                                  Pages H143–44, H170–71 
H. Res. 22, the rule providing for consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 11) and the bill (H.R. 26) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 231 ayes to 187 noes, Roll No. 10, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 235 yeas to 188 nays, Roll No. 9.
                                                 Pages H113–24 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon tomorrow, January 6th and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, January 9th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                  Page H174 
Committee Election: The House agreed to H. Res. 25, electing a Member to certain standing com-mittee of the House of Representatives.
          Page H174 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and thirteen recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H122–23, H123–24, H164, H165–66, H166, H167, H167–68, H168, H168–69, H169–70, H170, H170–71, H171–72, H173, and H173–74. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:54 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JA7.REC D05JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D17 January 5, 2017 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 2017 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05JA7.REC D05JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD18 January 5, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 12:45 p.m., Friday, January 6 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will proceed as a body to the House of Representatives for a joint session to count the electoral ballots. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Friday, January 6 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: The House will meet in Joint Ses-sion with the Senate to count the electoral votes for Presi-dent and Vice President of the United States. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E24 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E23 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E24 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E24 Graves, Sam, Mo., E23, E23, E23, E24, E25 Grijalva, Rau´l M., Ariz., E27 Jenkins, Lynn, Kans., E28 Keating, William R., Mass., E27 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E26 Olson, Pete, Tex., E23, E23, E24, E26, E27, E28 Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E25 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E25 Shimkus, John, Ill., E27 Valadao, David G., Calif., E28 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D05JA7.REC D05JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST