Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2563 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 2017 No. 56 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Ms. F
OXX). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, March 30, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable V
IRGINIA  F
OXXto act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, thank You for giving us another day. Send Your spirit upon the Members of this people’s House to en-courage them in their official tasks. Especially during this season of budget deliberations, give them wisdom and an accurate understanding of the needs of the citizens of this country, most par-ticularly those with narrow margins in their life options. As the trees of the city are bright with flowers, may Your spirit en-lighten the minds of those who serve, and may the beauty of Your creation show forth in the creative work of our Congress. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House her approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KIL-
MER) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILMER led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PAT BRADFORD (Mr. ROUZER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROUZER. Madam Speaker, I rise today to make special mention of Pat Bradford, who recently stepped down as publisher and editor of the local paper she founded, the Lumina News. The Lumina News has served as the voice of Wrightsville Beach and its sur-rounding communities since 2002. This local paper covers a wide range of top-ics but sets itself apart by covering matters especially important to coast-al communities. The Lumina News has consistently been ranked first in its North Carolina Press Association newspaper category. In fact, first in nine new top awards for 2016. With her recent departure from the paper, Pat is focusing her attention on the very successful monthly sister pub-lication which she co-founded, the Wrightsville Beach Magazine. I have had the pleasure of getting to know Pat in the past few years and will certainly miss interacting with her as publisher and editor of the Lumina News. Congratulations to you, Pat, for your continued success in all these endeav-ors and for your continued contribu-tions to the Wrightsville Beach com-munity and beyond. f 
BERTEL SPIER CELEBRATES HER 107TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Madam Speaker, on Thursday, March 31, 1910, Bertel Spier was born, and tomorrow she will cele-brate her 107th birthday. Just imagine what she has seen: two world wars, technological advance-ments beyond our wildest dreams. When she sees a video on a telephone, she cannot believe it. She has an extraordinary legacy: a loving daughter, four adoring and ador-able great-grandchildren, and three grandsons to whom she is a hero. I am proud to be one of them. My grandma is someone who is a tes-tament to the greatness of this Nation and of the importance of what happens in this building. She immigrated to the U.S. from Hol-land and was welcomed here and ac-cepted here, built a life here. That is part of the greatness of this Nation. A person born 10 years before wom-en’s suffrage, she proudly voted herself this past November. That is part of the greatness of this Nation. A person who outlived any projected retirement, she has been able to retire and live with dignity because of two of our country’s most successful public policies: Medicare and Social Security. That is part of the greatness of this Nation, too. Madam Speaker, it is such an honor for me to say four of the most extraor-dinary and almost unbelievable words that I may ever say on this floor: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Mar 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.000 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2564 March 30, 2017 
Happy 107th birthday, Oma. We love you. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING JON RICHARDS (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to celebrate the life of Jon Richards, a Georgia treasure, a bril-liant political journalist, a selfless mentor. He passed away this past Sun-day after a battle with cancer. Our prayers go out and we grieve for the family and friends of Jon during this difficult time. Madam Speaker, Jon grew up in Cin-cinnati, Ohio, and later moved to Lawrenceville, Georgia, where he be-came active in various Gwinnett Coun-ty civic, social, and political organiza-tions. He was well respected on both sides of the political aisle, serving with end-less passion as editor-in-chief of georgiapol.com. Most notably, how-ever, was his devotion to mentoring high school and college students who were interested in politics, and he left a lasting impression. Madam Speaker, Jon was known by the Gwinnett community as someone who lived life to its fullest and made the most of every day. His leadership was unmatched and cannot be over-stated. I am grateful to know that, through Christ, we will be able to meet again. Madam Speaker, I would ask my col-leagues to stand and join with me for a moment of silence to honor the life and legacy of Jon Richards, who will be sorely missed by many. 
f 
INVESTIGATING RUSSIA’S INFLUENCE ON OUR ELECTION (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Madam Speaker, Russia’s efforts to influence our elec-tion constitutes a direct assault on our democracy. These alarming events must be thoroughly investigated. In particular, we must determine if any Americans collaborated in these at-tacks and are legally culpable. Sadly, the House Intelligence Com-mittee chairman is either unwilling or incapable of conducting a fair inves-tigation. How can Mr. N
UNES run this investigation if he is briefing the Presi-dent before talking with members of his committee? How can he be secretly meeting with so-called sources at the White House? Madam Speaker, the American peo-ple need to know that democracy is in-tact, and that requires a full, fair, and impartial investigation. Since December, I have repeatedly called for the Department of Justice to appoint a special counsel. I have also cosponsored legislation to create a bi-partisan commission to investigate. The bottom line is this: Chairman NUNES has lost all credibility. He must recuse himself. We need a real inves-tigation. Appoint a special counsel now. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL FROZEN FOOD MONTH (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Madam Speaker, I rise to recognize March as National Frozen Food Month. In my district, growers count on our food processors to ensure that their ag-ricultural products make it from farms to kitchen tables. Jobs in agriculture depend on the ability to transport our products to buyers across the country and around the world. In my district, there are over 6,000 jobs in the frozen food indus-try, ensuring that families across the U.S. can enjoy Washington’s agricul-tural products. As a farmer and a former State direc-tor of agriculture, I understand how important frozen foods are to enable timely delivery and freshness, despite seasonal changes. Freezing reduces food waste and increases safety and af-fordability. Freezing also allows Amer-icans to have access to the diverse array of food products they enjoy every day. Join me in celebrating National Fro-zen Food Month and all those who work to ensure that the U.S. has the safest, most reliable, and most afford-able food supply in the world. 
f 
ENDING GLOBAL HUNGER WITH RISE AGAINST HUNGER (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, Rise Against Hunger, under the leader-ship of Rod Brooks, is a charitable or-ganization committed to ending global hunger by 2030. They partner with other charities, faith-based organiza-tions, and corporations to host meal- packaging events across the country where volunteers assemble nutritious meals that are sent to over 40 coun-tries. On Tuesday, I had the opportunity to participate in a Rise Against Hunger meal-packaging event sponsored by The Kraft Heinz Company. I joined 100 volunteers to package 7,500 meals that will reach hungry families across the globe. Last year alone, Rise Against Hunger engaged over 387,000 volunteers at over 3,000 events nationwide to assemble over 64 million meals that reached nearly 1.1 million hungry people. I applaud Kraft Heinz and its CEO, Bernardo Hees, for their commitment to packing 1 billion meals over the next 5 years. I appreciate all that Rise Against Hunger does to address chronic malnutrition and alleviate poverty worldwide. Working together, we can end hunger now. f 
RUSSIA’S INTERFERENCE IN OUR DEMOCRATIC PROCESS (Mr. CARBAJAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CARBAJAL. Madam Speaker, I rise today because the American people have the right to know the truth re-garding Russia’s interference in our democratic process. I am a member of the House Armed Services Committee, and the message I hear from our military leaders is con-sistent: Russia is a top threat to the United States and our interests. Russia has not only used its military to destabilize regions around the world, but it has completely undermined and disrupted the democratic values of this country. This is unacceptable. And yet my col-leagues from the other side of the aisle refuse to do their job as an oversight body and establish a bipartisan, inde-pendent commission to investigate Russia’s egregious behavior. We have a responsibility to be trans-parent with the American people. I strongly urge my Republican col-leagues to not only immediately estab-lish an independent investigation into Russia’s interference in our election, but I also call for the release of Presi-dent Trump’s tax returns. America’s security and values are on the line. Any treasonous and unlawful relations with Russia cannot be toler-ated. 
f 
EPA SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD REFORM ACT OF 2017 Mr. LUCAS. Madam Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 233, I call up the bill (H.R. 1431) to amend the Envi-ronmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 233, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1431 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT ADVICE .—Section 8(a) of the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Mar 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.003 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2565 March 30, 2017 
(42 U.S.C. 4365(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘independently’’ after ‘‘Advisory Board which shall’’. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—Section 8(b) of the Envi-ronmental Research, Development, and Dem-onstration Authorization Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 4365(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b)(1) The Board shall be composed of at least nine members, one of whom shall be designated Chairman, and shall meet at such times and places as may be designated by the Chairman. ‘‘(2) Each member of the Board shall be qualified by education, training, and experi-ence to evaluate scientific and technical in-formation on matters referred to the Board under this section. The Administrator shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) the scientific and technical points of view represented on and the functions to be performed by the Board are fairly balanced among the members of the Board; ‘‘(B) at least ten percent of the member-ship of the Board are from State, local, or tribal governments; ‘‘(C) persons with substantial and relevant expertise are not excluded from the Board due to affiliation with or representation of entities that may have a potential interest in the Board’s advisory activities, so long as that interest is fully disclosed to the Admin-istrator and the public and appointment to the Board complies with section 208 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(D) in the case of a Board advisory activ-ity on a particular matter involving, or for which the Board has evidence that it may in-volve, a specific party, no Board member having an interest in the specific party shall participate in that activity; ‘‘(E) Board members may not participate in advisory activities that directly or indi-rectly involve review or evaluation of their own work, unless fully disclosed to the pub-lic and the work has been externally peer-re-viewed; ‘‘(F) Board members shall be designated as special Government employees; ‘‘(G) no registered lobbyist is appointed to the Board; and ‘‘(H) a Board member shall have no current grants or contracts from the Environmental Protection Agency and shall not apply for a grant or contract for 3 years following the end of that member’s service on the Board. ‘‘(3) The Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) solicit public nominations for the Board by publishing a notification in the Federal Register; ‘‘(B) solicit nominations from relevant Federal agencies, including the Departments of Agriculture, Defense, Energy, the Interior, and Health and Human Services; ‘‘(C) solicit nominations from— ‘‘(i) institutions of higher education (as de-fined in section 101(a) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))); and ‘‘(ii) scientific and research institutions based in work relevant to that of the Board; ‘‘(D) make public the list of nominees, in-cluding the identity of the entities that nominated each, and shall accept public comment on the nominees; ‘‘(E) require that, upon their provisional nomination, nominees shall file a written re-port disclosing financial relationships and interests, including Environmental Protec-tion Agency grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, or other financial assistance, that are relevant to the Board’s advisory ac-tivities for the three-year period prior to the date of their nomination, and relevant pro-fessional activities and public statements for the five-year period prior to the date of their nomination; and ‘‘(F) make such reports public, with the ex-ception of specific dollar amounts, for each member of the Board upon such member’s se-lection. ‘‘(4) Disclosure of relevant professional ac-tivities under paragraph (3)(E) shall include all representational work, expert testimony, and contract work as well as identifying the party for which the work was done. ‘‘(5) Except when specifically prohibited by law, the Agency shall make all conflict of in-terest waivers granted to members of the Board, member committees, or investigative panels publicly available. ‘‘(6) Any recusal agreement made by a member of the Board, a member committee, or an investigative panel, or any recusal known to the Agency that occurs during the course of a meeting or other work of the Board, member committee, or investigative panel shall promptly be made public by the Administrator. ‘‘(7) The terms of the members of the Board shall be three years and shall be stag-gered so that the terms of no more than one- third of the total membership of the Board shall expire within a single fiscal year. No member shall serve more than two terms over a ten-year period.’’. (c) R
ECORD .—Section 8(c) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4365(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or draft risk or hazard as-sessment,’’ after ‘‘at the time any proposed’’; (B) by striking ‘‘formal’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘or draft risk or hazard as-sessment,’’ after ‘‘to the Board such pro-posed’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or draft risk or hazard as-sessment,’’ after ‘‘the scientific and tech-nical basis of the proposed’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Board’s advice and comments, includ-ing dissenting views of Board members, and the response of the Administrator shall be included in the record with respect to any proposed risk or hazard assessment, criteria document, standard, limitation, or regula-tion and published in the Federal Register.’’. (d) M
EMBER COMMITTEES AND INVESTIGA -
TIVE PANELS .—Section 8(e)(1)(A) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4365(e)(1)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘These member committees and investigative panels— ‘‘(i) shall be constituted and operate in ac-cordance with the provisions set forth in paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b), in subsection (h), and in subsection (i); ‘‘(ii) do not have authority to make deci-sions on behalf of the Board; and ‘‘(iii) may not report directly to the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency.’’. (e) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .—Section 8 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4365) is amended by amending subsection (h) to read as follows: ‘‘(h)(1) To facilitate public participation in the advisory activities of the Board, the Ad-ministrator and the Board shall make public all reports and relevant scientific informa-tion and shall provide materials to the pub-lic at the same time as received by members of the Board. ‘‘(2) Prior to conducting major advisory ac-tivities, the Board shall hold a public infor-mation-gathering session to discuss the state of the science related to the advisory activ-ity. ‘‘(3) Prior to convening a member com-mittee or investigative panel under sub-section (e) or requesting scientific advice from the Board, the Administrator shall ac-cept, consider, and address public comments on questions to be asked of the Board. The Board, member committees, and investiga-tive panels shall accept, consider, and ad-dress public comments on such questions and shall not accept a question that unduly nar-rows the scope of an advisory activity. ‘‘(4) The Administrator and the Board shall encourage public comments, including oral comments and discussion during the pro-ceedings, that shall not be limited by an in-sufficient or arbitrary time restriction. Pub-lic comments shall be provided to the Board when received, and shall be published in the Federal Register grouped by common themes. If multiple repetitious comments are received, only one such comment shall be published along with the number of such rep-etitious comments received. Any report made public by the Board shall include writ-ten responses to significant comments, in-cluding those that present an alternative hy-pothesis-based scientific point of view, of-fered by members of the public to the Board. ‘‘(5) Following Board meetings, the public shall be given 15 calendar days to provide ad-ditional comments for consideration by the Board.’’. (f) OPERATIONS .—Section 8 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4365) is further amended by amending subsection (i) to read as follows: ‘‘(i)(1) In carrying out its advisory activi-ties, the Board shall strive to avoid making policy determinations or recommendations, and, in the event the Board feels compelled to offer policy advice, shall explicitly distin-guish between scientific determinations and policy advice. ‘‘(2) The Board shall clearly communicate uncertainties associated with the scientific advice provided to the Administrator or Con-gress. ‘‘(3) The Board shall ensure that advice and comments reflect the views of the members and shall encourage dissenting members to make their views known to the public, the Administrator, and Congress. ‘‘(4) The Board shall conduct periodic re-views to ensure that its advisory activities are addressing the most important scientific issues affecting the Environmental Protec-tion Agency. ‘‘(5) The Board shall be fully and timely re-sponsive to Congress.’’. 
SEC. 3. RELATION TO THE FEDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed as sup-planting the requirements of the Federal Ad-visory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
SEC. 4. RELATION TO THE ETHICS IN GOVERN-MENT ACT OF 1978. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed as sup-planting the requirements of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. b0915 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LUCAS. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 1431. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. LUCAS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank Chairman S
MITH and Envi-ronment Subcommittee Chairman B
IGGS for their hard work on this im-portant piece of legislation. I also thank my good friend, Representative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Mar 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.002 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2566 March 30, 2017 
PETERSON for, yet again, working— helping, I should say—to make this bill a bipartisan effort. I appreciate his willingness to sponsor this bill with me. I had the opportunity to speak in favor of this legislation when it passed this House with bipartisan support in the 114th Congress. Now, I come to the floor yet again to urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this important re-form. The SAB Reform Act was a good bill then, and it is a good bill now. This is a policy that is built on the values we should uphold regardless of which side of the political aisle we are on or who happens to be the President. H.R. 1431, the Science Advisory Board Reform Act, ensures the best experts are free to undertake a balanced and open review of regulatory science. The Board was established to provide sci-entific advice to the EPA and Congress, and to review the quality and relevance of science EPA uses for regulations. But in recent years, shortcomings with the process have arisen. Opportunities for public participation have been lim-ited, potential conflicts of interest have gone unchecked, and the ability of the Board to speak independently has been curtailed. If the administration undermines the Board’s independence or prevents it from providing advice to Congress, the valuable advice these experts can pro-vide is wasted. Despite the existing requirement that the EPA’s advisory panels be fair-ly balanced in terms of point of view represented, the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has identified a number of past problems that have un-dermined the panel’s credibility and work product. These include a number of advisory members who received money from the EPA. At the very least, this could create the appearance of a conflict of interest. Some of the panelists have taken public and even political positions on issues they are advising about. For ex-ample, a lead reviewer of the EPA’s hy-draulic fracking study published an anti-fracking article titled, ‘‘Regulate, Baby, Regulate.’’ Now, this clearly is not an objective viewpoint, and should be publicly disclosed. Public participation is limited during most board meetings. Interested par-ties have almost no ability to comment on the scope of the work, and meeting records are often incomplete and hard to obtain. This bill is both pro-science, and pro- sound science. This bill is founded upon recommendations for reform outlined by the National Academy of Sciences, and the EPA’s Peer Review Handbook. This bill ensures that the Board is bal-anced, transparent, and independent, all of which will help prevent the SAB from being manipulated by any group. H.R. 1431 makes sound science the driving force of the Board, no matter who is the chief executive officer of our government. Perhaps most importantly, this bill seeks to increase public participation that benefits all stakeholders. Cur-rently, valuable opportunities for di-verse perspectives are limited. The Federal Government does not have a monopoly on the truth. Ask your con-stituents back home if they know that. The public has important expertise that can’t afford to be ignored in a de-mocracy. State, local, tribal, and pri-vate sectors have a long history of qualified scientific experts. Their con-tributions should be taken seriously. Unfortunately, the history of the SAB shows that private sector rep-resentation is often lacking or simply nonexistent. Instead, in the past, EPA has picked the Board, ignoring the knowledge, experience, and contribu-tions of those experts. This bill ensures that qualified experts are not excluded simply due to their affiliation. This will add value and credibility to future Board reviews. Mr. P
ETERSON and I recognize the im-portant role science should play in our policy debates and provides safeguards to give the public confidence in science. It restores the independent Science Advisory Board as a defender of scientific integrity. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support this bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to H.R. 1431, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017. Like the bill we considered yesterday, the so-called HONEST Act, H.R. 1431 is designed to harm the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency’s ability to use science to make informed deci-sions. The bill before us today claims to re-form the EPA’s Science Advisory Board. And let’s talk about what these reforms would mean. First, the bill establishes a series of roadblocks to prevent independent aca-demic scientists from serving on the Board. It accomplishes this by turning the term ‘‘conflict of interest’’ on its head by excluding scientists who have done the most relevant research on the topic being considered by the Board. The bill also prohibits Science Advi-sory Board members from obtaining ex-tramural research grants for 3 years after their service on the Board, which would be a major disincentive for sci-entists to serve on the panel. At the same time that this bill makes it much more difficult for aca-demic researchers to serve on the Science Advisory Board, the bill also makes it much easier for corporate in-terests to serve. This is accomplished by gutting actual financial conflict-of- interest restrictions against industry representatives. Under this legislation, those industry representatives would simply have to disclose their financial conflicts, and they could serve on pan-els directly related to their corporate interests. Finally, H.R. 1431 imposes exhaustive and duplicative notice-and-comment requirements on the Science Advisory Board. I say these requirements are ex-haustive because, in addition to being an open-ended process, the Board would also have to respond in writing to any and all significant comments. In fact, I find it hard to believe that the advi-sory process created by this bill could ever be completed. Of course, that is the real purpose of this provision. It is designed to throw sand in the gears of the Science Advi-sory Board process, and prevent board members from ever rendering their ex-pert advice. These additions are totally unneces-sary. The Science Advisory Board al-ready has statutorily mandated notice- and-comment obligations, and the Fed-eral Advisory Committee Act already applies to their activities. So if this bill passes, what would hap-pen? As an example, I will turn to a case study from the early 1990s. At that time, the EPA was forming a Scientific Advisory Panel to review evidence of harm from secondhand tobacco smoke. Thanks to internal tobacco industry documents that have been made public, we now know that Big Tobacco made a concerted effort to stack the Scientific Advisory Panel with tobacco industry hacks. We take it for granted now that to-bacco smoke is dangerous, but at that time, in the early nineties, Big To-bacco had succeeded in muddying the scientific waters around this issue by investing tens of millions of dollars in a coordinated attempt to defraud the American people. If H.R. 1431 had been in effect back then, Big Tobacco likely would have succeeded in co-opting the Science Ad-visory Board. What would the effects have been on public health to have had the EPA’s science review body controlled by to-bacco interests? That is why a number of public health and environmental interest groups have come out against H.R. 1431. In a letter penned by the Amer-ican Lung Association, the American Public Health Association, and several other health groups, the effects of H.R. 1431 are summed up like this: ‘‘In short, EPA’s Science Advisory Board Reform Act would limit the voice of scientists, restrict the ability of the Board to respond to important questions, and increase the influence of industry in shaping EPA policy. This is not the best interest of the American public.’’ I couldn’t agree more. I strongly urge Members to oppose this misguided bill. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. LUCAS. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, a fellow who has worked very diligently on the com-mittee for many years. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Madam Speak-er, I would like to thank the gentleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Mar 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.007 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2567 March 30, 2017 
from Oklahoma, Mr. L UCAS , the vice chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee for yielding to me, and I would also like to thank him for his leadership on H.R. 1431, the En-vironmental Protection Agency Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017. This bill gives much needed trans-parency, fairness, and balance to the EPA’s Science Advisory Board. These reforms will strengthen the public’s trust of the science the EPA uses to support its regulations. It also allows more public participa-tion in the EPA science review process, and it requires the SAB to be more re-sponsive to the public and to congres-sional questions, inquiries, and over-sight. Last Congress, similar legislation passed the House with bipartisan sup-port. I appreciate Mr. L
UCAS and the ranking member of the Agriculture Committee, Representative P
ETERSON , for introducing this legislation. Madam Speaker, I support this bill, and recommend it to my colleagues. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 min-utes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). Mr. BEYER. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 1431, the EPA Science Advisory Board Re-form Act. Madam Speaker, H.R. 1431 is a bla-tant attempt to cripple the important mission of the EPA by stacking the EPA Science Advisory Board with in-dustry insiders. When Congress established the Science Advisory Board in 1978 to re-view the scientific data that informs the EPA’s regulatory process, they did that with the requirement that the Board be balanced with representatives from industry and academia. The legis-lation we are considering today would skew that balance in favor of industry, with the intent of slowing down the EPA’s regulatory process. With a significant respect for the vice chair from Oklahoma, it makes no sense to suggest that the representa-tives of regulated corporate interests, however expert, can be credibly de-scribed as ‘‘defenders of scientific in-tegrity.’’ I am particularly concerned about the double standard mandated by this bill. On the one hand, the bill makes it easier for industry representatives to serve on the Board by only requiring that they disclose their conflicts of in-terest. There is no recusal requirement for industry insiders, no matter how deep their financial ties may go or how much their industry is regulated by the EPA. But, astonishingly, on the other hand, the same scientists and research-ers who received EPA research grants or contracts are automatically dis-qualified from service. Any scientists or researcher would be precluded from accepting any grant or contract for 3 years after their service. So the scientists who spent their whole career becoming the world’s top experts on a given topic must choose between advising our public health or continuing their research. They can bring their knowledge to the EPA and give up that work or continue. Why oh why would we make it more difficult for the scientists and aca-demic experts to participate in the Science Advisory Board while at the same time making it easier for indus-try experts to participate? Why would we want less science on the Science Ad-visory Board? This proposal does nothing to ad-vance science or protect public health. Instead, it creates senseless hurdles, burdensome red tape for the Science Advisory Board, and makes it more dif-ficult to achieve its mission. We need to let scientists and researchers do their jobs by opposing this legislation. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. HIGGINS ), a member of the Environment Subcommittee of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. b0930 Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1431, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act, of which I am an original cosponsor. This bill intends not to deny science, but to deny manipulated science. This is a commonsense, good-government piece of legislation that will discourage ideologically based decisions by the Science Advisory Board and set it back on a path of making objective, science- based conclusions as originally in-tended by Congress. Further, this bill would promote ac-countability within SAB, while also strengthening public participation, en-suring that there is a diverse makeup on its various boards and panels, rein-forcing a strong system of peer-review requirements that work toward reduc-ing conflicts of interest, providing ample opportunity for dissenting views by panelists, and, most importantly, requiring conclusions and reasonings be made available to the public. Mr. Speaker, this is a crucial piece of legislation. The rules and regulations coming out of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency have real-world impli-cations on families in my State of Lou-isiana and, indeed, across the Nation. The current system in place allows for the EPA to set forth ideological, bi-ased, and nonscience-based rules and regulations. The standards set forth by this bill promote the use of good science and a strong and open system of transparency and peer review. I urge all my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1431. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachu-setts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, since President Trump took office, I have heard from hundreds of my constitu-ents who are concerned about attacks by this new administration on the En-vironmental Protection Agency and the potential, long-term negative im-pacts on public health, clean water, clean air, and our Nation’s work to play a leading role in combating cli-mate change. Thelma from Lowell wrote: Without EPA and its mission to protect our water and air, I fear that all the work done over the past 40 years will be erased. 
Ingrid from Groton wrote: 
I need to be able to trust that the EPA will protect our air, water, land, and health. But Scott Pruitt has worked so closely with pol-luters, even suing the EPA more than a dozen times, how can we trust that he will protect our health and safety? 
And demonstrating just how personal an issue this is for many people, Kath-erine from Acton wrote to me: 
This is my first time writing a congres-sional Representative, and I am proud to be doing so now, though my motivation is less heartening. As a mother of two precocious young kids, I have little time to do much be-yond the essentials of daily living, much less writing a letter, so I assure you this one is written out of a feeling of necessity. 
She went on to say: 
Environmental pollution is real and in our backyards. It contaminates our air, our water, and our land. Cleanup of these pollut-ants is extremely difficult, if not impossible, and the implications for our health are as-tounding. 
Unfortunately, the legislation before us today will do nothing to assuage the fears of my constituents and millions of others around the country who sup-port independent, unbiased, science- based decisionmaking at the EPA, which is essential to protecting public health, clean water, and combating cli-mate change. Instead of promoting sound science, this legislation would weaken the sci-entific expertise of the EPA’s Science Advisory Board, the independent body that reviews scientific and technical information used in EPA decision-making and provides scientific advice to the EPA Administrator. If Congress really wants to promote sound science, I would urge consider-ation of the Scientific Integrity Act, legislation that I introduced along with Ranking Member E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas and Representatives L
OWENTHAL and T ONKO . Our bill will protect scientific research at Federal agencies from political interference and special interests. This legislation currently has 93 cosponsors, and it de-serves debate in this House. The majority is trying to claim that the legislation before us today helps us achieve goals similar to those of the Scientific Integrity Act, but my con-stituents aren’t fooled. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1431. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I include in the R
ECORD the following letters: a letter of support from the Chamber of Commerce of the United States, a letter of support from the American Chemistry Council, a letter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.008 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2568 March 30, 2017 
of support from the National Cotton Council of America, another letter of support from the Chamber of Com-merce of the United States, a letter of support from the Independent Petro-leum Association of America, a letter of support from the CO
2Coalition, and a letter of support from the Cato Insti-tute. 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF THE  U
NITED STATES OF AMERICA , Washington, DC, March 29, 2017. T
O THE MEMBERS OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF  R
EPRESENTATIVES : The U.S. Chamber of Commerce supports the ‘‘Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment (HONEST) Act of 2017’’ and the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017.’’ These bills would improve the transparency and reliability of scientific and technical information that Federal agencies rely heavily upon to sup-port new regulatory actions. The HONEST Act is designed to ensure that the studies and data Federal agencies cite when they write new regulations, stand-ards, guidance, assessments of risk—or take other regulatory action—are clearly identi-fied and available for public review. Addi-tionally, information must be sufficiently transparent to allow study findings to be re-produced and validated. This is a critical safeguard to assure the public that the data Federal agencies rely on is scientifically sound, unbiased, and reliable. The EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017 would help ensure that the Science Advisory Board (SAB), which di-rectly counsels the U.S. Environmental Pro-tection Agency (EPA) on key scientific and technical issues, is unbiased and transparent in performing its duties. The bill would es-tablish requirements that SAB members are qualified experts, that conflicts of interest and sources of bias are disclosed, that the views of members—including dissenting members—are available to the public, and that the public has the opportunity to par-ticipate in the advisory activities of the Board and view EPA’s responses. Because EPA relies on SAB reviews and studies to support new regulations, standards, guid-ance, assessments of risk, and other actions, the actions of the SAB must be transparent and accountable. This is a critical safeguard to assure the public that the data Federal agencies rely on is scientifically sound and unbiased. The HONEST Act and the EPA Science Ad-visory Board Reform Act would improve the transparency and trustworthiness of sci-entific and technical reviews and informa-tion that agencies, including EPA, rely on to justify regulatory actions that can signifi-cantly affect society. The American public must have confidence that the scientific and technical data driving regulatory action can be trusted. Accordingly, the Chamber sup-ports these important bills. Sincerely, N
EILL. B RADLEY , Senior Vice President & Chief Policy Officer, Government Affairs. 
AMERICAN CHEMISTRY COUNCIL , Washington, DC, March 29, 2017. Hon. F
RANK LUCAS , House Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, Washington, DC. D
EAR VICECHAIRMAN LUCAS : On behalf of the American Chemistry Council (ACC), we want to thank you for introducing H.R. 1431 ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017,’’ to help improve the science employed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agen-cy (EPA) in the Agency’s regulatory decision making processes. The proposed legislation would increase the transparency and public confidence in the EPA’s peer review panels. The Science Advisory Board Reform Act would improve the peer review process—a critical component of the scientific process used by EPA in their regulatory decisions about potential risks to human health or the environment. The Act would make peer re-viewers accountable for responding to public comment, strengthen policies to address con-flicts of interest, ensure engagement of a wide range of perspectives of qualified sci-entific experts in EPA’s scientific peer re-view panels and increase transparency in peer review reports. We commend you for your leadership and commitment to advance this important issue. We look forward to working with you and other cosponsors for quick passage of H.R. 1431. Sincerely, CALDOOLEY , President and CEO. 
NATIONAL COTTON COUNCIL  
OFAMERICA , Washington, DC, March 27, 2017. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SMITH: On behalf of the National Cotton Council, thank you and your committee for the work on the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017 (H.R. 1431) and the Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act of 2017—HON-EST Act (H.R. 1430). We support both of these critically important bills in an effort to return sound science and transparency to the regulatory process that affects our mem-bers and all of agriculture. The NCC is the central organization of the United States cotton industry. Its members include growers, ginners, cottonseed proc-essors and merchandizers, merchants, co-operatives, warehousers and textile manu-facturers. A majority of the industry is con-centrated in 17 cotton-producing states stretching from California to Virginia. U.S. cotton producers cultivate between 9 and 12 million acres of cotton with production aver-aging 12 to 18 million 480-lb bales annually. The downstream manufacturers of cotton ap-parel and home furnishings are located in virtually every state. Farms and businesses directly involved in the production, distribu-tion and processing of cotton employ more than 125,000 workers and produce direct busi-ness revenue of more than $21 billion. Annual cotton production is valued at more than $5.5 billion at the farm gate, the point at which the producer markets the crop. Accounting for the ripple effect of cotton through the broader economy, direct and indirect em-ployment surpasses 280,000 workers with eco-nomic activity of almost $100 billion. In ad-dition to the cotton fiber, cottonseed prod-ucts are used for livestock feed, and cotton-seed oil is used as an ingredient in food prod-ucts as well as being a premium cooking oil. As you know, agriculture struggles with many factors in the production of fiber, food, and fuel, but the regulatory impact and bur-dens on our industry have greatly increased over the last several years. In addition, we have found ourselves unable to adequately defend and maintain many of our crop pro-tection products and technologies because we are often unable to access the data used by federal government agencies to place ad-ditional restrictions on these products and technologies. We believe these two bills— H.R. 1430 and H.R. 1431—will greatly improve the transparency of regulatory review proc-ess. These two bills will substantially en-hance the role of sound science that was in-tended to be a centerpiece of the regulatory process. We look forward to working with you and your colleagues in Congress to get these bills enacted into law. If you have any questions or need any additional information from us, please have your staff contact Steve Hensley in our office. Sincerely, REECE LANGLEY , Vice President—Washington Operations. 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF THE  U
NITED STATES OF AMERICA , Washington, DC, March 8, 2017. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , Ranking Member, Committee on Science, Space and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEM-
BER JOHNSON : The U.S. Chamber of Com-merce supports the ‘‘Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment (HONEST) Act of 2017’’ and the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017.’’ These bills would im-prove the transparency and reliability of sci-entific and technical information that Fed-eral agencies rely heavily upon to support new regulatory actions. The HONEST Act is designed to ensure that the studies and data Federal agencies cite when they write new regulations, stand-ards, guidance, assessments of risk—or take other regulatory action—are clearly identi-fied and available for public review. Addi-tionally, information must be sufficiently transparent to allow study findings to be re-produced and validated. This is a critical safeguard to assure the public that the data Federal agencies rely on is scientifically sound, unbiased, and reliable. The EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017 would help ensure that the Science Advisory Board (SAB), which di-rectly counsels the U.S. Environmental Pro-tection Agency (EPA) on key scientific and technical issues, is unbiased and transparent in performing its duties. The bill would es-tablish requirements that SAB members are qualified experts, that conflicts of interest and sources of bias are disclosed, that the views of members—including dissenting members—are available to the public, and that the public has the opportunity to par-ticipate in the advisory activities of the Board and view EPA’s responses. Because EPA relies on SAB reviews and studies to support new regulations, standards, guid-ance, assessments of risk, and other actions, the actions of the SAB must be transparent and accountable. This is a critical safeguard to assure the public that the data Federal agencies rely on is scientifically sound and unbiased. The HONEST Act and the EPA Science Ad-visory Board Reform Act would improve the transparency and trustworthiness of sci-entific and technical reviews and informa-tion that agencies, including EPA, rely on to justify regulatory actions that can signifi-cantly affect society. The American public must have confidence that the scientific and technical data driving regulatory action can be trusted. Accordingly, the Chamber sup-ports these important bills. Sincerely, N
EILL. B RADLEY , Senior Vice President & Chief Policy Officer, Government Affairs. 
MARCH 8, 2017. Hon. L
AMAR S. S MITH, Chairman, House Committee on Science, Space and Technology, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: The American Ex-ploration & Production Council (‘‘AXPC’’) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.010 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2569 March 30, 2017 
and the Independent Petroleum Association of America strongly support the enactment of both the EPA Science Advisory Board Re-form Act and the Honest and Open New EPA Science-Treatment Act and are most grate-ful to you and your committee for your ef-forts in respect of the important objectives set forth in each of these pieces of proposed legislation. AXPC is a national trade association rep-resenting 33 of America’s largest and most active independent natural gas and crude oil exploration and production companies, each with considerable experience drilling, oper-ating, and producing oil and natural gas on federal lands. AXPC members are ‘‘inde-pendent’’ in that their operations are limited to exploration for and production of oil and natural gas. Moreover, its members operate autonomously, unlike their fully integrated counterparts, which operate in additional segments of the energy business, such as downstream refining and marketing. AXPC members are leaders in developing and ap-plying innovative and advanced technologies necessary to explore for and produce oil and natural gas, both offshore and onshore, from non-conventional sources. IPAA represents the thousands of inde-pendent oil and natural gas explorers and producers, as well as the service and supply industries that support their efforts, that will most directly be impacted by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) policy decisions to regulate methane di-rectly from the oil and natural gas sector. Independent producers develop about 95 per-cent of American oil and natural gas wells, produce 54 percent of American oil, and produce 85 percent of American natural gas. Historically, independent producers have in-vested over 150 percent of their cash flow back into American oil and natural gas de-velopment to find and produce more Amer-ican energy. IPAA is dedicated to ensuring a strong, viable American oil and natural gas industry, recognizing that an adequate and secure supply of energy is essential to the national economy. The EPA’s Science Advisory Board is a critical link in the EPA’s policy making process and must, therefore, be unbiased and motivated only to seek the best possible pol-icy result based on the best possible, publicly available, verifiable data. Moreover, open, public debate must be encouraged, not dis-couraged. The goal must be to get the best possible result, which is why the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act should be enacted. Science used to support or as a basis for regulations or other policies should be based on publicly available scientific and technical data so as to allow for and even encourage independent fact finding and analysis. Trans-parency is critical to this process. The Hon-est and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act would accomplish this result. AXPC and IPAA urge passage of both of these critical pieces of legislation and stand ready to assist in any way you believe we might be able to add value to this process. Should you have any questions or require additional information contact AXPC or IPAA. Thank you for your good work on these and other issues. Very truly yours, V. B
RUCE THOMPSON , President, AXPC. L
EEO. F ULLER , Executive Vice Presi-dent, IPAA. 
CO2 COALITION, Arlington, VA, March 8, 2017. House Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE LAMAR SMITH AND  
THECOMMITTEE : The CO2 Coalition supports the purpose and principles of the ‘‘Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act of 2017’’ and the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017.’’ We would, in fact, support such principles applied on a government-wide basis. The scientific method demands that the re-sults of scientific studies be capable of rep-lication. While it is generally up to indi-vidual scientists, journals and the larger sci-entific community as to how the replication requirement is satisfied, when it comes to science used to set public policy, there can be no doubt that the relevant methods and data must be publicly available for purposes of replication. With respect to the federal government ob-taining independent science advice from out-side advisors, it goes without saying that ad-visory panels should not be unduly influ-enced by members hoping to curry govern-ment favor or to advance personal agendas. Panels should be truly independent and unbi-ased. Clear and enforceable standards will help meet this goal. Sincerely, WILLIAM HAPPER , President, CO2 Coalition. 
CATO, Washington, DC, March 8, 2017. Hon. L
AMAR S. S MITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, House of Representatives. D
EARCONGRESSMAN SMITH: Recently, Com-mittee staff sent me copies of two draft pieces of legislation, the ‘‘HONEST Act’’ and the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017’’. The Cato Institute interprets its tax-ex-empt status as precluding any specific sup-port of adoption (or recommendation of re-jection) for pending legislation. However, I can comment on substantive aspects of such legislation. The HONEST Act would require that regu-lations promulgated by EPA be backed by re-producible and transparent science. In the are of climate change, this will surely pro-voke a timely inquiry as to whether the cli-mate models that are used to calculate the Social Cost of Carbon, and the justification of subsequent regulations, are indeed ‘‘science’’. I would argue that they are not. A climate model is merely a complicated mathematical statement of multiple hypotheses. These include a prediction of a general warming of surface temperatures, and a greater warming of the tropical tropo-sphere. All subsequent changes in weather regimes—such as rainfall, winter snows, and Atlantic hurricanes derive from the warming and its distribution. As such, a reasonable test of hypothesis would be to examine the performance of these models as carbon dioxide has accumu-lated in the atmosphere, and during the pe-riod in which we have multiple, independent measures of bulk atmospheric global tem-peratures, which would be from 1979 to the present. As I noted in recent (February 28) testimony, there is a clear systematic failure of these models, with the central estimate of warming generally twice as large as what is being observed as a whole in the troposphere, and as much as seven times larger than what is being observed in the tropical upper tropo-sphere. This, and other recent refereed publica-tions are finally beginning to detail the sub-jective fashion by which the equilibrium cli-mate sensitivity is being derived, argue that these models do not constitute science in the classical sense. It would be more appropriate to call the field ‘‘climate studies’’. Litigation deriving from the HONEST Act is likely to uncover this problem, with the likelihood that EPA’s 2009 Endangerment Finding, which empowers subsequent regula-tion of carbon dioxide, should be vacated be-cause of a lack of verifiable science associ-ated with its determination. The other piece of legislation will open up the EPA Science Advisory Board(s) to more institutional diversity and less political se-lection. I hope you find my comments useful, and stand available to answer any questions or provide any amplifications you may desire. Cordially, PATRICK J. M ICHAELS , Ph.D., Director, Center for the Study of Science. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I would note to the body, part of the challenge that we face here today on this bill is like so many challenges we face as Members of Congress: How do you avoid the short-term perspective? How do you take the long view? How do you set into motion things that, while they might not, perhaps, give us the great advantage in the short-term sense that either side of the room would want, in the long-term, they are in the best in-terest of the body? I would remind my colleagues, the Scientific Advisory Board is appointed by the EPA; the EPA is managed by the Director; the Director is appointed by the President of the United States. If you believe that the work product, if you believe that the rules that have been generated by this in recent years reflect your perspective, I understand that, but nothing is ever static. We have recently had a change of ad-ministration. We have a change of di-rection in the leadership of the EPA. That will be reflected in all the ap-pointments and the actions of the EPA. I implore my colleagues, we need to work in the perspective of what is in the long-term interest; and that long- term interest is providing scientific re-view at the SAB that our fellow citi-zens have confidence in and that will generate good rules and regulations when they have to be created. Following this course of action advo-cated in H.R. 1431 will not make my most conservative constituents happy because they want to duplicate what they believe my most liberal constitu-ents have advocated for years, but our goal here is not to empower one or the other side in these perspectives to force their will upon the country. Our re-sponsibility with the SAB is to create a process where we can have confidence in the results and where, when appro-priate, the end resulting regulations, the rules that come from it, will be in the best long-term interest of the Na-tion as a whole. I know there are requirements in here that, if you have taken money as a scientist to do a research project from the EPA, you have to cool off for 3 years. But what is wrong with allow-ing a little separation between the peo-ple who take money to do the studies and then become the judges of other studies in the knowledge that perhaps the people who have done the studies will judge their studies? What is wrong with that? And the public disclosure about al-lowing people with knowledge and ex-pertise to participate, too, if they have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.012 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2570 March 30, 2017 
a conflict through these disclosures, we will know. I would hope that whoever leads the EPA on whatever day would act in a responsible fashion. I just want, through this bill, to change the system so that the percep-tion is out there that the SAB and the scientific process and the rulemaking that comes from it at EPA are being gained by one perspective or the other because that is in no one’s best inter-est. I know we live in tough times and challenging times to legislate. I think my colleagues know, in the legislation I have worked on before, that I have al-ways worked across the aisle. I have al-ways worked with every perspective within this body. I have always tried to take that long-ball perspective. I know it is a challenging time, but think about that as we continue this well- meaning, good-spirited, very focused debate. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD correspondence in opposition to this bill: a letter from the American Lung Association, the Alliance of Nurses for Healthy Environments, Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America, the American Public Health Association, the National Medical As-sociation, the Health Care Without Harm Association, the Physicians for Social Responsibility, and the Amer-ican Thoracic Society; along with a letter from the Clean Water Action, Earthjustice, League of Conservation Voters, and Natural Resources Defense Council; as well as a letter from the League of Conservation Voters. 
MARCH 27, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : The undersigned health and medical organizations are writing to express our opposition to the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017 and the Honest and Open New EPA Science Treat-ment Act of 2017. Our organizations are dedi-cated to saving lives and improving public health. Science is the bedrock of sound medical and public health decision-making. The best science undergirds everything our organiza-tions do to improve health. Under the Clean Air Act, EPA has long implemented a trans-parent and open process for seeking advice from the medical and scientific community on standards and measures to meet those standards. Both of these bills would restrict the input of scientific experts in the review of complex issues and add undue industry in-fluence into EPA’s decision-making process. As written, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act would make unneeded and unproductive changes that would: Restrict the ability of scientists to speak on issues that include their own expertise; Block scientists who receive any EPA grants from serving on the EPA Scientific Advisory Board, despite their having the ex-pertise and conducted relevant research that earned them these highly competitive grants; Prevent the EPA Scientific Advisory Board from making policy recommendations, even though EPA administrators have regularly sought their advice in the past; Add a notice and comment component to all parts of the EPA Scientific Advisory Board actions, a burdensome and unneces-sary requirement since their reviews of major issues already include public notice and comment; and Reallocate membership requirements to increase the influence of industry represent-atives on the scientific advisory panels. In short, EPA Science Advisory Board Re-form Act would limit the voice of scientists, restrict the ability of the Board to respond to important questions, and increase the in-fluence of industry in shaping EPA policy. This is not in the best interest of the Amer-ican public. We also have concerns with the HONEST Act. This legislation would limit the kinds of scientific data EPA can use as it develops policy to protect the American public from environmental exposures and permit viola-tion of patient confidentiality. If enacted, the legislation would: Allow the EPA administrator to release confidential patient information to third parties, including industry; Bolster industry’s flawed arguments to dis-credit research that documents the adverse health effects of environmental pollution; and Impose new standards for the publication and distribution of scientific research that go beyond the robust, existing requirements of many scientific journals. Science, developed by the respected men and women scientists at colleges and univer-sities across the United States, has always been the foundation of the nation’s environ-mental policy. EPA’s science-based decision- making process has saved lives and led to dramatic improvements in the quality of the air we breathe, the water we drink and the earth we share. All Americans have benefited from the research-based scientific advice that scientists have provided to EPA. Congress should adopt policy that fortifies our scientists, not bills that undermine the scientific integrity of EPA’s decision-mak-ing or give polluters a disproportionate voice in EPA’s policy-setting process. We strongly urge you to oppose these bills. Sincerely, KATIE HUFFLING , RN, CNM, Director, Alliance of Nurses for Healthy Environments. H
AROLD P. W IMMER , National President and CEO, American Lung Association. G
EORGES C. B ENJAMIN , MD, Executive Director, American Public Health Association. S
TEPHEN C. C RANE , PhD, MPH, Executive Director, American Thoracic Society. C
ARYSENNETT , MD, PhD, FACP, President & CEO, Asthma and Allergy Foundation of Amer-ica. P
AULBOGART , Executive Director, Health Care Without Harm. R
ICHARD ALLEN WILLIAMS , MD, 117th President, Na-tional Medical Asso-ciation. J
EFFCARTER , JD, Executive Director, Physicians for Social Responsibility. 
MARCH 29, 2017. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEM-
BERJOHNSON : We are writing to express our strong opposition to the draft legislation, the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017’’ (H.R. 1431). The bill, which would amend the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authoriza-tion Act of 1978, would hinder the ability of the Environmental Protection Agency’s Science Advisory Board (EPA SAB) to reach timely, independent, objective, credible con-clusions that can form the basis of policy. While the bill is not identical to previous versions of this legislation, the bill would still weaken longstanding conflict-of-inter-est considerations for industry scientists while imposing unprecedented and unneces-sary limitations on government-funded sci-entists, and complicating the SAB review process, with no discernible benefit to EPA or the public. Our most serious specific concerns with the bill are described below, in the order in which the provisions appear: P.3, lines 1–8, creating Section 8(b)(2)(C) in the underlying Act, promotes inclusion of panelists with financial conflicts, as long as they disclose their conflicts and obtain a waiver. As with previous versions of this legisla-tion, the bill shifts the current presumption against including people with financial con-flicts on the SAB. The bill appears to effec-tively mandate the inclusion of scientists with financial conflicts, as long as the con-flicts are disclosed, notwithstanding the ref-erence to one portion of existing ethics law. Disclosure does not eliminate the problems that can occur when someone with a conflict influences policy guidance. Policies and practices to identify and eliminate persons with financial conflicts, interests, and undue biases from independent scientific advisory committees have been im-plemented by all the federal agencies, the National Academy of Sciences, and inter-national scientific bodies such as the Inter-national Agency for Research on Cancer of the World Health Organization. The bill’s provisions are inconsistent with a set of nearly universally accepted scientific prin-ciples to eliminate or limit financial con-flicts. Following these principles is the way agencies, the public, and Congress should en-sure their scientific advice is credible and independent. Moreover, EPA already grants exemptions as needed to allow scientists to participate if their expertise is required despite their po-tential conflicts. P.3, line 23 to P.4, line 2, creating a Section 8(b)(2)(H) in the underlying Act, establishes an arbitrary and unwarranted bar on non-in-dustry scientists who are receiving grants or contracts from EPA, or who may do so in the future. This provision would bar participation by any academic or government scientist who is currently receiving a grant or under con-tract from EPA, and bar any Board member from seeking any grant or contract from EPA for three years after the end of their term on the Board. This arbitrary and un-warranted limitation on current or future re-cipients of government funding would se-verely limit the ability of EPA to get the best, most independent scientists on its pre-mier advisory board—as well as any commit-tees or panels of the board—without any evi-dence that no-strings government funding, such as research grants, constitute a conflict of interest. P.6, lines 1–21, amending Section 8(c) of the underlying act, expands the scope of the SAB’s work, and increases the burden. This provision broadens the scope of docu-ments that must be submitted to the SAB for review to include every risk or hazard as-sessment proposed by the agency, a dramatic and unnecessary expansion. The expansion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.011 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2571 March 30, 2017 
would provide an expanded platform for the new industry-stacked panels envisioned by this bill to challenge proposed actions by EPA, including hazard and risk assessments. P.8, lines 8–23 creating a Section 8(h)(4) in the underlying Act, ensures endless delay, burden and red tape under the guise of ‘‘transparency.’’ This provision would give industry unlim-ited time to present its arguments to the SAB. Industry representatives already domi-nate proceedings because of their greater numbers and resources. In addition, the re-quirement for the SAB to respond in writing to ‘‘significant’’ public comments is vague (e.g., who defines what is ‘‘significant,’’ and how?) and would tie down the SAB with needless and burdensome process. It also misconstrues the nature of both the SAB’s role and the role of public comment in the SAB process. The role of the SAB is to pro-vide its expert advice to the Agency. The role of the public comments during this phase is to provide informative input to the SAB as it deliberates, but the final product of the SAB deliberation is advice from the panel members, not an agency proposal or decision that requires response to public comment. Members of the public, including stakeholders, have multiple opportunities to provide input directly to the agency. In short, the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017’’ would alter the nature of the SAB, which has been largely success-ful in providing the EPA expert review of key scientific and technical questions and would encourage industry conflicts in the re-view of scientific materials. It would also pile new and burdensome requirements on the Board, severely hampering its work and effectiveness. The result would be to further stall and undermine important public health, safety and environmental measures. We urge you to abandon plans to advance this legislation. We would be happy to dis-cuss our concerns with you further. Sincerely, C
LEAN WATER ACTION . E
ARTHJUSTICE . L
EAGUE OF CONSERVATION  V
OTERS (LCV). N
ATURAL RESOURCES  D
EFENSE COUNCIL . 
LEAGUE OF CONSERVATION VOTERS , Washington, DC, March 28, 2017. Re Oppose H.R. 1430 and H.R. 1431—Attacks on Science and Public Health. United States House, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members, the League of Con-servation Voters (LCV) works to turn envi-ronmental values into national, state, and local priorities. Each year, LCV publishes the National Environmental Scorecard, which details the voting records of members of Congress on environmental legislation. The Scorecard is distributed to LCV mem-bers, concerned voters nationwide, and the media. LCV urges you to vote NO on H.R. 1430 and H.R. 1431. These two bills are backdoor at-tempts to undermine the Environmental Protection Agency’s ability to use science in decision-making and obstruct the process for developing effective public health safe-guards. H.R. 1430, the ‘‘HONEST Act’’, would en-danger public health by making it extremely difficult for the EPA to use the best avail-able science. The bill contains favorable ex-emptions for industry and would restrict the health studies that the EPA is able to use by requiring that data is shared with anyone willing to sign a vague confidentiality agree-ment. These provisions would severely limit the EPA’s ability to use data that includes studies with confidential health information. These types of studies are the basis for the best research on pollution’s effects on peo-ple, but include individual health records that are legally required to remain confiden-tial. H.R. 1430 would cripple the EPA’s abil-ity to develop effective public health safe-guards by forcing them to disregard the re-sults of these studies, resulting in less pro-tective standards. H.R. 1431, the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017’’, would undermine the ability of the Science Advisory Board to provide independent, objective, and credible scientific advice to the EPA. This bill would facilitate greater industry influence of the Scientific Advisory Board by weakening con-flict-of-interest protections while unneces-sarily and arbitrarily limiting the participa-tion of subject experts. Additionally, new burdens imposed on the Board and provisions that allow industry to significantly prolong the Board’s scientific review process would delay key public health and environmental protections. These two bills would significantly under-mine the EPA’s ability to protect public health and the environment. LCV urges you to REJECT H.R. 1430 and H.R. 1431 and will consider including votes on these bills in the 2017 Scorecard. If you need more informa-tion, please call my office and ask to speak with a member of our Government Relations team. Sincerely, GENEKARPINSKI , President. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, less science, more pollution—that is, unbelievably, the Republican plan. I want to just refer to what my col-league said. This is not long-ball time. This is emergency time where we have to deal with a worldwide environ-mental crisis, and this bill is just the latest attack on clean air and clean water. And as the threat of climate change becomes increasingly clear, Re-publicans are trying to reverse the progress that we have made to address this global challenge. President Trump proposed gutting the Environmental Protection Agency, and this week he signed an executive order to ignore the effects of climate change, increase drilling on Federal lands, and undo efforts to promote re-newable energy. Meanwhile, Republicans in Congress have voted to block environmental pro-tections. Republicans are replacing President Obama’s Clean Power Plan with, essentially, a dirty power plan that will pollute our air and contami-nate our water and put our children and our grandchildren at risk. Those actions further confirm Republicans’ place on the wrong side of history. It is time for America to lead, not to ignore reality. We should be investing in clean, job-producing energy. We should be at the forefront of the fight against climate change. My constituents and most Americans expect to drink clean water and breathe fresh air. They want to protect our planet for future generations. Re-publicans, today, have it backward. We need more science and less pollution. I urge my colleagues to oppose the bill and resist those attacks on our en-vironment. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ), the former chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology’s Subcommittee on Envi-ronment. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, have you ever had that deja vu all over again? Haven’t we been doing this one since, what, 2013, 2014? I accept I have been off the com-mittee now for 4 years; yet we are talk-ing past each other. I hear the gentle-woman and some of the others say things. It is a 12-page bill. It hasn’t changed that much in the last couple Congresses. How many of us would like to go back to the 2013 inspector general re-port that basically suggested going this direction because of the conflicts in these advisory committees? b0945 If you really, once again—and this is sort of similar to yesterday’s discus-sion—if you really care about the envi-ronment, then you really care about the data and the information and sort of the ethics and honesty of those who are both reviewing the data and giving you advice. So what happens when the inspector general of the EPA hands you a report and says: These committees, these ad-visory councils are rife with conflicts? People who are on these advisory boards are making money. Now, accept much of what we do here in Washington, D.C., if not almost all of it, is about the cash, and it is one of the ugly secrets that is not a secret, but we all pretend. It is always about the money. Let’s try something novel. Let’s ac-tually—this was an inspector general’s report under the Obama administra-tion. Why wouldn’t we step up and re-spect it? It was very simple. Hey, we need some more diversity on these advisory boards. And wouldn’t it be wonderful if we had people advising us on air quality policy in non-attain-ment areas, or in regional interests that also weren’t selling products, sell-ing reports, making money off data with the EPA? I mean, if it was reversed, if it was some other agency, if this same set of ethical lapses was reversed, I believe the left would be apoplectic. But the fact of the matter is that so many of these individual organizations that are represented on these advisory boards, that are making money from the EPA, even though they are advising in their own behalf, happen to be friends of the left. That makes it okay. The ethical standards are the ethical standards. I have no concept how the left can oppose the concept of struc-tured diversity. Why shouldn’t those of us from the Southwest, where substantial portions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.017 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2572 March 30, 2017 
of my State are Native American, have a voice? Why should we allow people on these advisory committees who, once again, are selling products, selling data, making a living, making money, one step away from the very work they are advising on? It is a 12-page bill. It is not that com-plicated. I will make the argument that it makes our air, our water, the things around us safer, better, healthier, and it makes the way we get there sounder and more ethical, and we remove conflicts that right now taint the very decisions that are coming out of these advisory boards. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me thank the other side for their vigorous defense of this bill. I must say that I am a nurse by pro-fession, and I appreciate the gains we have made for using scientific data to determine what is unhealthy for the people; and it really does disturb me to see these protections being torn apart. It is really unfortunate that we have spent so much time putting these pro-tections of the people in place to see that, in this administration, they will probably fly away. Only the people of this Nation will be the losers, with more healthcare costs when they don’t even want health care; more people not able to get out of dirty areas. I live in the State of Texas where we have seen the detriment of all of the lack of these protections before they came about. Scientists are in science because they believe in the theories that put forth the procedures for us to follow for the safety and protection of human beings. I regret that we are at a point this time in history where we are willing to throw all that away because of allow-ing the polluting companies to have more to say about policy. I regret that I have to stand against my colleagues that feel so strongly about getting rid of these protections, but I cannot sit idly by without saying that our Nation will not be in better shape when we take away all the protections for the people and their health. Everybody wants clean air and clean food and protections from the damage that a bad environment brings, and all this is is taking away those protec-tions. I ask everyone to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the second set of letters which I referred to earlier. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  H
OMEBUILDERS , Washington, DC, March 8, 2017. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SMITH: On behalf of the 140,000 members of the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB), I am writing to express NAHB’s strong support for the Hon-est and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act of 2017 and the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017. These bills would ensure an open and honest scientific process by allowing the public access to the science that underpins regulations developed by En-vironmental Protection Agency (EPA) and ensuring that scientists advising the EPA on regulatory decisions are not the same sci-entists receiving EPA grants. It is important for the EPA to use sound science in order to support their rulemakings. Far too often, the EPA relies on science that lacks transparency and reli-ability to buttress their rulemakings. This is a consequence of the EPA conducting their scientific review of rulemakings behind closed doors. The EPA frequently ignores scientific integrity by limiting public par-ticipation, excluding state and private sector expertise, and pushing a specific agenda by appointing scientists who are biased. In some cases, scientists that have been appointed to review proposed regulations have received EPA grants which the EPA disregards as a conflict of interest. The EPA should not be able to create cost-ly regulations without being transparent, fair and open to public input when consid-ering the science behind a rulemaking. How-ever, the EPA has sacrificed the integrity of the rulemaking process by using biased science to push their agenda. It is important to address these shortcomings so that future rules can be transparent and honest. For these reasons, NAHB urges the House Science, Space and Technology Committee to support the Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act of 2017 and the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017, in order to bring transparency and integrity to the regulatory process. Thank you for giving consideration to our views. Sincerely, JAMES W. T OBIN III, Executive Vice Presi-dent & Chief Lob-byist, Government Affairs and Commu-nications Group. 
SMALL BUSINESS & E
NTRENEURSHIP COUNSEL , Vienna, VA, March 7, 2017. Hon. F
RANK LUCAS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Science, Space and Technology Com-mittee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SMITH AND REPRESENTA -
TIVE LUCAS : On behalf of the Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council (SBE Council) and its more than 100,000 members nation-wide, I am pleased to voice our strong sup-port for the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017.’’ This important legislation reforms the En-vironmental Protection Agency’s (EPA’s) Science Advisory Board (SAB) and its sub-panels by strengthening public participation, improving the process for selecting expert advisors, expanding transparency require-ments by board members, opening the board’s research to public review, and lim-iting nonscientific policy advice. The re-forms proposed by the legislation are espe-cially critical given the growing impact of EPA’s regulations on America’s small busi-ness sector, the controversial science used as the basis to advance certain rulemakings, and the need to ensure that sound science is guiding EPA actions. Balance, independence and transparency are critical to EPA’s scientific advisory process. The bill addresses key concerns with the SAB, such as placing limitations on its members who receive environmental re-search grants, applying conflict of interest standards, and ensuring balanced representa-tion on the board’s membership. These are sensible reforms that will strengthen the SAB’s integrity and work, and by extension EPA’s regulatory process. SBE Council supports solutions that im-prove the regulatory system to ensure the voice of small businesses and entrepreneurs is heard and considered, that they operate and compete under rational rules, and trans-parency throughout the regulatory process. The ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017’’ is an important legislative ini-tiative that brings fairness, transparency and objectivity to the SAB and EPA rulemakings. Please let SBE Council know how we can further support your efforts to advance this important legislation into law. Thank you for your leadership, and support of America’s small business and entrepreneurial sector. Sincerely, KAREN KERRIGAN , President & CEO. 
NATIONAL STONE , SAND& G
RAVEL ASSOCIATION , Alexandria, VA. The National Stone Sand and Gravel Asso-ciation supports both The Honest and Open New Science Treatment Act of 2017 (HONEST Act) and the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017. Both acts go a long way towards address-ing many of the current issues our industry has with regulatory science, and we encour-age the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology to mark up both pieces of legislation. Our association represents 100,000 jobs across the United States. The regulatory burden on our workforce dramatically im-pacts our ability to provide cost-effective materials for America’s roads, runways, bridges and ports. Our members pride them-selves on their commitment to environ-mental stewardship and are heavily involved in sustainability and reclamation in their communities. Federal regulations must balance indus-try’s voice and environmental and health concerns. Unfortunately, we often see prob-lems in the scientific underpinnings of regu-lations when agencies select studies that are neither public nor reproducible as the basis of new rules. This practice chips away at the credibility of any regulatory action and makes it difficult for industries to respect the regulatory process. Our members have the right to comment on regulations and it is not reasonable to ask hard working men and women of any industry to trust that an agency has selected good science without if an agency is not being transparent. Stakeholder input in the regulatory proc-ess is required under federal law and valu-able for the justification and the implemen-tation of rules. NSSGA stands ready to work with Con-gress to ensure that industry, states and the scientific community can work together openly and honestly to create regulations. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL W. J OHNSON , President and CEO, National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association. 
PORTLAND CEMENT ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, March 7, 2017. Chairman L
AMAR SMITH, The Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, Washington, DC. Ranking Member E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , The Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEM-
BERBERNICE JOHNSON : The Portland Cement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.013 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2573 March 30, 2017 
Association (PCA) supports the EPA Science Advisory Board (SAB) Reform Act of 2017 and the Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act (HONEST Act) of 2017. PCA is the premier policy, research, education, and market intelligence organization serving America’s cement manufacturers. PCA mem-bers represent 92 percent of U.S. cement pro-duction capacity and have facilities in all 50 states. The Association promotes safety, sus-tainability, and innovation in all aspects of construction, fosters continuous improve-ment in cement manufacturing and distribu-tion, and generally promotes economic growth and sound infrastructure investment. PCA supports these bills because they would improve fairness and transparency in the regulatory process, while promoting use of the best available science. As you know, SAB reform is needed to update and strengthen the scientific foundation of EPA’s regulatory decisions. The SAB Reform Act would improve the Science Advisory Board by ensuring balance among its mem-bers and providing better public access to scientific information and data. SAB reform is an important step toward improving EPA’s regulatory process, public access to information, and transparency. The HONEST Act would similarly improve transparency and access to information. Sci-entists reviewing agency studies and rulemakings need a fair chance to evaluate and validate the studies EPA relies on in the rulemaking process. The HONEST Act pro-tects the sensitive and confidential informa-tion often covered by confidentiality agree-ments, while allowing EPA to make critical information available for public comment and access. The HONEST Act follows the data access requirements of many scientific journals. This level of transparency and po-tential for peer review are critical to im-proving regulatory decisions. PCA supports the Committees’ efforts to improve accountability, public access, and better science in the EPA rulemaking proc-ess. Please feel free to contact Rachel Derby, PCA’s Vice President of Government Affairs, for further information on this matter. Sincerely, A. T
ODDJOHNSTON , Executive Vice President, Government Affairs. 
AMERICAN FARM B
UREAU FEDERATION , Washington, DC, March 8, 2017. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chair, House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. Hon. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , Ranking Member, House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEM-
BER JOHNSON : Later this week, the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee will consider legislation to provide for Sci-entific Advisory Board (SAB) member quali-fications and public participation. The American Farm Bureau strongly supports this legislation and pledges our commitment to work with the committee in pressing for its swift consideration. This legislation is a priority because it re-forms the SAB process by strengthening pub-lic participation, improving the process of selecting expert advisors, and expanding the overall transparency of the SAB. While the SAB should be a critical part of the sci-entific foundation of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) regulatory proc-ess, EPA has systematically used its author-ity to silence dissenting scientific experts. Rather than promote fairness, transparency and independence to ensure unbiased sci-entific advice, EPA routinely has ignored its own Peer Review Handbook and silenced dis-senting voices on expert panels. This legislation seeks to reinforce the SAB process as a tool that can help policymakers with complex issues while preventing EPA from muzzling impartial scientific advice. This legislation deserves strong, bipartisan support. We applaud your leadership in this effort and will work with you to ensure pas-sage. Sincerely, ZIPPY DUVALL , President. 
MARCH 9, 2017. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, House Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: We are writing to express our strong support for H.R. 1430, the ‘‘Honest and Open New EPA Science Treat-ment Act of 2017’’ (HONEST Act), and H.R. 1431, the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Re-form Act of 2017.’’ For too long now, the Environmental Pro-tection Agency has hidden key scientific data from the public and corrupted its own boards of outside science advisors. This sub-version of science and the regulatory process has produced costly, job-killing regulations of dubious-to-no merit to public health and the environment. We welcome these bills in the names of transparent government, and unbiased and balanced peer review. Sincerely, C
RAIG RICHARDSON , President, Energy & Environment Action Team (E&E Action). A
MYOLIVER COOKE , Executive vice presi-dent, Independence Institute. K
ATHLEEN SGAMMA , President, Western En-ergy Alliance. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, again, I reiterate to my colleagues, this is a situation where the goal really is not to empower one perspective or one faction over an-other. The goal, ultimately, of this bill—and, yes, this did come out of the inspector general’s report, the initial work and effort. The goal of the bill is to add transparency, accountability. The goal of the bill is to increase the American people’s confidence in the work product that is then used by the EPA to craft the rules and regulations that impact every life in this country on a daily basis. Whatever your perspective may be, remember, the pendulum in this great Nation, when it comes to the executive branch, in my time, every 8 years, has swung back and forth. Just because at the present moment or the past mo-ment you think you got your perspec-tive’s way, or if perhaps you think with the pendulum swing now you will get your perspective’s way, that is not what the focus should be here. I would also remind my colleagues, in my 23 years, I have served in the mi-nority soon to be for 4
1⁄2years. But the other 18
1⁄2years, I have served in the majority. I have served in the major-ity. So when I step up to you and say we can do better, we can enhance the quality of information, we can do it in a way that the American people have more confidence in ultimately what goes on, and we can do it in a way that makes it more difficult for anyone to hijack the process, I say that sincerely. There is nothing wrong with full dis-closure for everyone who can add to the process, who should be available for consideration. There is nothing wrong with a financial cooling-off between benefiting from the studies and ana-lyzing someone else’s studies. There is nothing wrong with this. But if you stay with the status quo, this Board and this Agency are in change. Get ready for 8 years of a dra-matically different way of doing things. Now, maybe you are so confident that the pendulum will swing back again that you are willing to accept that. But as for me, I want to stay be-tween the lines. I want to focus in ways that, for the long term, represent the best interests of this great country. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote for H.R. 1431. I ask my colleagues to think about 10 or 20 years down the road. I ask my colleagues to put the long-term best interests of their con-stituents first. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be an original co-sponsor of H.R. 1431, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017 and urge my colleagues to vote in sup-port. The Science Advisory Board’s work is im-portant to making sure the EPA considers all scientific information when writing regulations that will impact American farmers, families and small businesses. Unfortunately, concerns have been raised about the current review process. This legislation addresses those concerns and builds on the work done in the 2014 Farm Bill to create an agriculture committee under the Science Advisory Board. This bill is nec-essary to ensure the EPA takes into account the best information possible with input from public and independent stakeholders. H.R. 1431 will ensure a balanced and inde-pendent Science Advisory Board and will help alleviate some of the unintended con-sequences surrounding EPA regulations. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 233, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. FOSTER. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Foster moves to recommit the bill H.R. 1431 to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with instructions to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.022 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2574 March 30, 2017 
report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendments: Page 5, line 4, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 5, line 9, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 5, after line 9, insert the following: ‘‘(I) a Board member, during that mem-ber’s term of service on the Board and for a period of 3 years following the end of that member’s service on the Board, shall not be employed with any corporate or other entity which has interests before the Board. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage, as amended. This amendment is a commonsense and logical addition to this bill. It will help ensure that members of the EPA’s Science Advisory Board will act in the best interests of the American people and our environment. I think that we can all agree that, now more than ever, we need integrity in government. And this amendment would simply prohibit any member of the EPA’s Science Advisory Board from being employed by any entity, corporate or otherwise, which has in-terests before the Board. This prohibi-tion would be in place during the mem-ber’s time on the Board and would ex-tend for 3 years after they leave the Board. My Republican colleagues have taken up this bill with the stated intent of protecting the scientific integrity of the EPA, and this amendment will go a long way to making sure that they keep their word. The underlying bill also includes a similar prohibition on board members applying for a grant or contract from the EPA during their service or for 3 years after. And as the chairman just said, there is nothing wrong with a fi-nancial cooling-off period. However, the authors of this bill are apparently concerned that members of the Board would be tempted to favor environmental concerns in the hopes of getting an EPA grant. Therefore, it also stands to reason that they should worry equally about a board member tilting the scales in favor of a specific industry in return for future financial compensation or career advancement, the classic revolving door problem. So what this motion to recommit does is something that I think we all should be able to agree is a good thing. We have seen too many people in the President’s Cabinet who appear to have connections too close to the big inter-ests they regulate rather than the in-terests of the American people. This amendment would ensure that no one can unduly personally profit from their time at the EPA, and that members are there to represent the in-terests of the American people and our environment rather than their own self interests. Finally, I would like to close by bringing up a more general question of why we seem to be having variations on this repetitive theme of whether or not we can pollute our way out of the structural and economic challenges that our country faces. Mr. Speaker, you and your party have been very successful at selling yourselves and your supporters on the idea that if we can just, once again, dump unlimited pollutants into our rivers and streams, into our ground-water, our food, air, lungs, our blood-streams and those of our children, then everything will be great again in Amer-ica. This week, we saw our President sur-rounded by earnest and hopeful young coal miners as he gutted environ-mental regulations and promised them that all their jobs were coming back. And then we have seen interviews on TV with desperate families in Appa-lachia using up their life savings to pay for training for underground coal jobs that they have been told will be com-ing back now that Donald Trump is President. Then we have seen interviews with coal executives quietly pointing out that those jobs will not come back; that it was machines and fundamental economic forces that took those jobs in coal country. The story is the same in oil country, where even as oil production has re-bounded, the jobs and wages have not come back because of automation, the same way that machines took the jobs in rural America, manufacturing America, and increasingly middle class, white-collar America. b1000 So until we realize that we are all in this together and that a fundamental restructuring of our economy is needed rather than a mindless retraction of the protections on environmental qual-ity on the land that we will pass on to our children, then I am afraid that we are destined to repeat this infinite loop of marginally productive debate. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this motion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUCAS. I claim the time in oppo-sition to the motion, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I look at this language—and I am a farmer by trade; I am not an attorney; I will con-fess that—but the phrase ‘‘or other en-tity’’ seems to be a very broad concept. How will that affect people who work for research foundations at institutions of higher education? How will that af-fect entities, people who are part of so- called think tanks in places like Wash-ington, D.C.? I personally believe the language is intended more to simply turn the bill inside out. On that basis, I would ask my col-leagues to reject the motion to recom-mit with instructions and to pass the underlying bill. But I go one step further, and I offer this in the most sincerest of ways: if you look at the discussion today and if you look at the discussion that has gone on for some time on these issues, it is almost as though there are those with certain perspectives who are try-ing to force their will—their perspec-tive of what is right and wrong sci-entifically or economically or so-cially—on the rest of the country, on the rest of us, and, for that matter, on the rest of the world. That is why I am the author of this bill. No one entity should have the power by manipulating the bureau-cratic process or the rulemaking proc-ess to enforce their definitions of ev-erything on the rest of us. We have both the right and the responsibility to judge this information and to make de-cisions about what is in our enlight-ened self-interest, as the old economist would say, or in the best interest of the country or of society as a whole. That is why I want all of us—the great American people—to have access and some certainty about the people and the process that are driving every-thing in our world. Reject the motion, pass the bill, cre-ate greater transparency, incorporate more input, and when it is necessary to have rules and regulations, generate good rules and regulations so that we all have a chance to prosper and to live up to our potential in this country. Don’t let the tyranny of the ideal-istic—whatever perspective they may have—drive us all into despair and de-struction. With that, I respectfully ask my col-leagues to reject this motion and pass the underlying bill. I yield back the balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 189, nays 233, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 207] YEAS—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.005 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2575 March 30, 2017 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NAYS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—7 
Calvert Duffy Marino Quigley Rush Slaughter Wilson (FL) 
b1029 Messrs. FLORES, CRAWFORD, GROTHMAN, Ms. GRANGER, and Mrs. BLACKBURN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mses. BLUNT ROCHESTER, JACK-SON LEE, Messrs. HIGGINS of New York, and LANGEVIN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. (By unanimous consent, Mr. S
ESSIONS  was allowed to speak out of order.) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY COMMITTEE ON RULES RE -
GARDING AMENDMENT PROCESS FOR H .R. 1343, 
ENCOURAGING EMPLOYEE OWNERSHIP ACT , 
AND H .R. 1219, SUPPORTING AMERICA ’S 
INNOVATORS ACT  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, yester-day, the Rules Committee issued an-nouncements outlining the amendment processes for two measures likely to come before the Rules Committee next week. An amendment deadline has been set for Monday, April 3, at 10 a.m., for the following measures: H.R. 1343, Encouraging Employee Ownership Act; and H.R. 1219, Sup-porting America’s Innovators Act. The text of these measures is avail-able on the Rules Committee website. Feel free to contact me or my staff if anyone has any questions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I demand a re-corded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 229, noes 193, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 208] AYES—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—193 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.003 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2576 March 30, 2017 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Calvert Duffy Marino Mullin Quigley Rush Slaughter 
b1040 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall votes 207 and 208 I was unable to vote due to obligations in my congressional district. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 207, the Motion to Recommit, and ‘‘yes’’ on rollca11 208, related to H.R. 1431, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017, which would ensure EPA adminis-trator and the Science Advisory Board make public all reports and relevant scientific infor-mation at the same time they are received by members of the Science Advisory Board. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, on March 30, 2017, on rollcall No. 207 on motion to recom-mit with instructions, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ On rollcall No. 208 on final passage of H.R. 1431, the EPA Science Advisory Board Re-form Act of 2017, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained and missed rollcall vote Nos. 203, 204, 205, 206, 207, and 208. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on votes 205 and 207. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on votes 203, 204, 206, and 208. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the major-ity leader the schedule for the week to come. I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), my friend. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday the House will meet at noon for morning-hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning- hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. On Friday, no votes are expected in the House. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business tomorrow. In addition, the House will consider several bipartisan measures from the Committee on Financial Services that will create jobs and support American entrepreneurship. First, H.R. 1343, the Encouraging Employee Ownership Act, sponsored by Representative R
ANDY  H
ULTGREN , which will open up more op-portunities for employees to share a stake in the companies they work for every day. Next, H.R. 1219, the Supporting America’s Innovators Act, sponsored by Chief Deputy Whip P
ATRICK  M
CHENRY . This bill will increase access to capital for America’s small busi-nesses and startups and ensure our en-trepreneurs have the best chance to succeed. Mr. M
CHENRY ’s bill is also a key component of our Innovation Ini-tiative in the House, which aims to ac-celerate private sector innovation and leverage more innovation in govern-ment. Finally, Mr. Speaker, additional leg-islative items are possible, and I will relay scheduling information to Mem-bers if any items are added. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman for that information. As the majority leader knows, after today we will have 8 legislative days left before the CR runs out on April 28. We will be gone, as the gentleman knows, for 2 weeks, or a few more days than that, for the Easter break. We have not enacted any appropriation bills except for the MILCON–VA and the Defense Appropriation bill we passed through this House in a bipar-tisan vote and that is pending in the Senate. b1045 Given the limited number of days in session before April 28, we are going to require relatively quick action if we are to fund the government for the bal-ance of the year past April 28. Mr. Leader, can you tell me—because no appropriation bill or CR or omnibus was on the schedule for next week, can the gentleman tell me when he expects some form of continuing to authorize expenditures for the balance of the year between now and September 30 will occur? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Discussions are ongoing about the appropriations process and how to en-sure the government is funded after April 28. I thank my good friend from Mary-land for being a good faith negotiating partner in this effort. I do not currently anticipate floor ac-tion next week. But as always, I will advise Members as soon as possible when action is scheduled in the House. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for those comments. Does the gentleman contemplate the possibility of a short-term CR being necessary? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding again. I was encouraged by the bipartisan agreements we reached on the MILCON/VA bill and the defense appro-priations bill. As you know, together, these two bills make up roughly one half of our total discretionary spend-ing. However, I was disappointed to hear that Democrats have apparently walked away from the negotiating table on further bipartisan agreements like these. Personally, I was dis-appointed to hear rumors that Demo-crats are hoping for a government shutdown. The New York Times is reporting that, ‘‘as a minority party struggling to show resistance in the era of Presi-dent Trump’’—Democrats—‘‘are now ready to let the lights of government go dark.’’ I sincerely hope these rumors and re-ports are not true. I know the gen-tleman disagrees with ever having a government shutdown. As I mentioned, discussions are ongo-ing about how to ensure the govern-ment is funded after April 28. I want everybody to know that my door is al-ways open, especially to you, my friend from Maryland, and any other House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.004 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2577 March 30, 2017 
colleague who wants to play a con-structive role in the process. I firmly believe the government will not shut down. It will be funded as we continue further. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that information and comments. Frankly, I want to tell the majority leader, honestly, nobody on my side, maybe someplace else, but nobody on my side is wanting to shut down the government. We don’t want to shut down the government. Of course, I will remind my friend, the majority leader—and I appreciate his comments about our cooperation and ability to work together—the only way the government has been kept open over the last 5 years has been with Democratic votes. My friend didn’t have 218 votes on his side of the aisle that would do that. So I think that belies the fact that we want to shut down the government. I would assure my friend that that is neither our intent or desire. As a mat-ter of fact, we want to work quickly to avoid that happening. That is not good for, obviously, the American people, it is not good for managers trying to plan on how to deliver services, and it is certainly not good for our Federal em-ployees. So I would want to work with you to make sure that doesn’t happen. As we have in the past, we will be prepared to provide votes, as we have every time, to ensure that that does not happen. Let me ask my friend, as we work to-wards the end of not shutting down government and passing, hopefully, an omnibus which will complete the 2017 appropriations process and fund the government through September 30, let me ask him—he was quoting some in-formation. I have a quote for him as well. I know he would be disappointed if I didn’t have a quote. This is not nearly as difficult as some of the oth-ers, however. It says: 
House Republicans are considering making another run next week at the passing of the healthcare bill that they abruptly pulled from the floor in a setback to their efforts to repeal ObamaCare. Two Republican lawyers say the leaders are discussing holding a vote, even staying into next weekend, if necessary, but it is unclear what changes would be made to the GOP’s healthcare bill . . . 
That was in Bloomberg News on March 29. Does the majority leader have any information or expectation that we would be considering another bill seek-ing to repeal the Affordable Care Act next week? I know the majority leader didn’t announce that for next week, and I know on Thursday we will break for the Easter break. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The gentleman does know, from the widespread disagreement, that ObamaCare is failing. He disagrees with that, but the majority of Ameri-cans agree that it is collapsing and that we have to solve this problem. As of today, I do not have anything scheduled for next week. But as we continue discussions with our Members as we move forward, I anticipate in the future that we would have that vote. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that information. If I hear what the gentleman just said, my interpretation is that we don’t expect anything next week, but that does not mean that we don’t ex-pect something in the future. Is that a correct reading of it? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. That is correct. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 2017, TO MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2017 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, April 3, 2017, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? There was no objection. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PENN STATE WRESTLING NATIONAL CHAMPS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the Penn State men’s wrestling team for winning the NCAA Division I Na-tional Championship earlier this month in St. Louis, Missouri. Mr. Speaker, Penn State has been a force to be reckoned with in Division I wrestling. This is Penn State’s sixth title in 7 years. It is the second con-secutive national title. I could not be more proud of my alma mater or this team that gave us a sea-son to remember. Many college athletes dream about participating at the NCAA champion-ships. It marks the pinnacle of their athletic careers. Among the Nittany Lion national champions, All-Americans Bo Nickal, Jason Nolf, and Zain Retherford com-bined for a total of 82.5 points, which would have placed the trio sixth over-all in the final team standings. Penn State also made history with All-Americans true freshman Mark Hall and redshirt freshman Vincenzo Joseph earning their first titles to be-come the first freshmen NCAA cham-pions in program history. Congratulations to Coach Sanderson and the Nittany Lions on this out-standing achievement. Your hard work and dedication shows, and you are the pride of Happy Valley. SUPPORTING PLANNED PARENTHOOD (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my unwavering sup-port for Planned Parenthood. Planned Parenthood is America’s most trusted provider of reproductive health care. One in five American women has chosen Planned Parenthood for health care at least one time in her life. The heart of Planned Parenthood is in our local and rural communities. These healthcare centers provide a wide range of safe, reliable health care; and the majority is preventive care, which helps prevent unintended preg-nancies through contraception, reduce the spread of sexually transmitted in-fections through testing and treat-ment, and screen for cervical and other cancers. In my district, Planned Parenthood was instrumental in providing the fol-lowing services to over 50,000 constitu-ents in 2016, including: 23,215 pregnancy tests and coun-seling; 5,798 breast exams; and 5,052 pap smears. This is the end of Women’s History Month. That is why I am here today to stand with Planned Parenthood, and I will continue to fight. 
f 
NATIONAL VIETNAM WAR VETERANS DAY (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this week was the first-ever celebration of National Vietnam War Veterans Day. Over 40 years ago, after the last re-maining Vietnam veterans returned home, many faced poor treatment from the country they were fighting to pro-tect. These brave men and women are getting the welcome home finally that they deserve. Earlier this week, the U.S. Senate in-troduced a bill that was passed, which introduced the Vietnam War Veterans Recognition Act, which unanimously passed both the House and Senate, and President Trump signed it into law ear-lier this week. I was proud to join my colleagues in supporting this bill. The overwhelm-ingly bipartisan support is proof that finally the perception of Vietnam vet-erans has shifted over the years as folks begin to better understand the sacrifices they have made. Over 9 million Americans served in the military during the Vietnam war, and over 2.7 million actually served in Vietnam. I personally know many who came from my district and now live in northern California. Over the course of the war, the United States of America suffered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.024 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2578 March 30, 2017 
58,000 casualties, with hundreds of thousands more wounded and disabled. We need to remember the sacrifice they made, whether it was from Agent Orange or disabilities, or even the 22 veterans we lose each day to suicide. We welcome home the Vietnam vet-erans. I am glad we could have this rec-ognition for them. 
f 
INVESTIGATE RUSSIA’S INFLUENCE (Mr. BROWN of Maryland asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, the Russian cloud over this White House and over our democracy is dark-ening. I rise today to call on this body to come together to create a bipar-tisan, independent commission to in-vestigate the full extent of Russia’s in-fluence on the Trump administration and our democracy. Mr. Putin wants to weaken America and our allies, and he views democracy and human rights as obstacles to Rus-sia’s reemergence as a global power. After Russia maliciously hacked emails and distributed false informa-tion to influence our elections for their favorite candidate, they have turned their eye to Germany and France. They want to sow disunity and weakness among Western democracies and under-mine the transatlantic alliance. Mr. Speaker, we must know the full truth of the Trump administration’s ties to Putin and the Kremlin. There are too many unanswered questions about financial ties, personal ties, and political ties. Every new tie we dis-cover is followed by another distorted fact from the administration. The American people are demanding answers now. This House cannot be-come an accomplice to the administra-tion’s desperate efforts to divert atten-tion from this investigation. An inde-pendent commission is now the only way to find out what happened and en-sure it never happens again. Mr. Speaker, we must follow the facts. We can’t let ourselves be at-tacked this way ever again. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GRANDVIEW HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS BASKETBALL (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Grandview High School girls basketball team from Au-rora, Colorado. The Wolves triumphed in their 61–32 victory over Lakewood High School in the Colorado 5A State Championship. Grandview finished the season with an impressive 27–1 record and cele-brated the culmination of their season with the first girls basketball State championship win for their school. Senior Michaela Onyenwere walked off the court with a game-high of 25 points and 8 rebounds. During the championship game, the Grandview Wolves proved that with hard work, dedication, and persever-ance anything is possible. The team was led to the championship title through the committed leadership of their coach, Josh Ulitzky, and his com-mendable staff. Again, congratulations to the Grand-view High School girls basketball team on their continued success and for their victory in the Colorado 5A State Championship. f 
b1100 ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, ad-dressing climate change is one of the most important long-term challenges for our future. But this week’s execu-tive order from President Trump re-verses recent progress and will worsen this slow-burning crisis. The order undercuts the Clean Power Plan, weakens restrictions on emis-sions, and expands Federal coal mining leases. It undermines the success of the Paris Agreement and damages our rela-tions with the signatories, including China and India. At the same time, the order makes it harder for our govern-ment and military to plan for the al-ready occurring consequences of cli-mate change—including assessing its impact on national security policy. That is why today I am introducing the CLIMATE Act to prevent the irre-sponsible executive order from being implemented. Whether the Trump ad-ministration recognizes it or not, the international community understands climate change is real and is rapidly embracing a renewable energy future. The administration’s decision to move our energy policy backwards only weakens the United States’ global lead-ership role, making it more likely that green energy jobs of tomorrow will be created elsewhere. We must come together to support policies that grow clean energy jobs in the United States and ensure we pass on a healthier planet to the next gen-eration. 
f 
COMBATING ANTI-SEMITISM (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1730, the Combating Anti-Semitism Act of 2017. I am proud to introduce this important legislation with my col-league from the other side of the aisle, Representative D
EREK KILMER from Washington. Since this January, we have seen a wave of disturbing violence and threats towards religious institutions across America. In 2017 alone, more than 100 bomb threats have been made at 81 Jewish Community Centers across our Nation in 33 States. Tennessee, the State I call home, is also on that list. It is time that we send a clear message: religious intolerance has no place in this country. The Combating Anti-Semitism Act of 2017 would increase the penalty for these violent threats and make them punishable as hate crimes under Fed-eral law. We have a moral duty and re-sponsibility to protect the rights of all Americans to worship freely and with-out fear, whether at a church, a syna-gogue, or any religious institution. With this bill, we will deter threats and stand united against religious in-tolerance. f 
HONORING BARB LUTZ (Ms. CHENEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Barb Lutz. Barb has spent her entire adult life faithfully serving our military as a Federal civil service employee, primarily at F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Cheyenne, as well as in Europe. Barb has held numerous positions at the base and is currently the executive assistant to the commander of the 20th Air Force and Task Force 214 at F.E. Warren. She is responsible for pro-viding the commander and vice com-mander with executive support, as well as serving as protocol specialist for the headquarters staff. After a distinguished 43-year career, Barb is retiring this week. When Barb’s current and former coworkers at F.E. Warren reached out to me about recog-nizing her, General Cotton best summed up how her colleagues feel about her when he said: ‘‘We all know Barb is a national treasure.’’ I want to thank Barb for all she has done for Wyoming and for the country over her 43-year career, and I wish Barb and her family the best in retirement. 
f 
TOPICS OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to be recognized to ad-dress you here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives and to once again continue this dia-logue that we have with you, all of our Members and staff and the American people. To initiate this dialogue, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ) of the Eighth Congres-sional District, born in Green Bay. 
AMERICAN EXCEPTIONALISM  
Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, every time I have the privilege of ad-dressing this body, I am reminded of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.026 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2579 March 30, 2017 
how lucky we all are to live in a coun-try where I am free to speak my mind without fear of retribution or retalia-tion. It is one of the great privileges of being an American. Yet for far too many around the world, freedom of conscience is still a distant dream. Nowhere is this more apparent than in Russia, where Vladimir Putin’s thuggish regime has poisoned the promise of the post-Soviet era and day by day has slid Russia back into the dark shadows of autocracy. Just last Sunday, thousands of Russians took to the streets and squares in protest of the Kremlin’s corruption. And in re-turn, Russian police arrested hundreds of protesters, including Vladimir Putin’s political challenger, Alexei Navalny. But the Putin regime’s barbarity isn’t just a polite policy difference. Russians of exceptional courage are dying, including as recently as last week, as the regime cultivates an at-mosphere of fear and intimidation. Vladimir Putin’s campaign of murder is not limited to domestic political op-ponents. Like all dictators, Putin seeks to rally his nation’s support by chan-neling public fear and anger against ex-ternal enemies. Time and again, first in Georgia, then in Ukraine, and now in Syria, Vladimir Putin has warned us exactly who he is. As recent as last night, the commander of CENTCOM announced that Russia is likely pro-viding support to the Taliban in Af-ghanistan. Mr. Speaker, I am afraid we have ex-hausted our warnings. Russian aggres-sion, if left unchecked, may soon cross a line past which there is no return. You see, what Vladimir Putin wants is fundamentally at odds with Amer-ican interests. After the Second World War, America laid the foundation for a new and better world, drawn together by common values and forged from the fires of war. We did this not just be-cause we are a generous people but be-cause we are a wise people. Farsighted American statesmen real-ized that creating the architecture for peace in Europe was a far better invest-ment than returning to isolationism and then one day having to pay the butcher’s bill, as we did twice during the first half of the 20th century. As Europe is changing, Vladimir Putin dreams of restoring the Soviet Union’s prestige and power, and his ul-timate goal is clear: the end of the postwar-American project in Europe and the return of power politics unencumbered by the rules of the road that we established to our benefit in concert with our allies. And so the stakes, in my mind, could not be any higher. If we do not stand up to Putin now, his aggression will continue until one day he goes too far. On that day, we may face an unimagi-nable choice between war or the de-struction of the NATO alliance. And whichever we choose, we will have lost. Despite Putin telling us exactly who he is, I have heard some say we should try to work with Russia to find areas of common ground. Yet we have seen firsthand how the last administration’s reset has not led to better relations but to a tide of Russian aggression. I do not believe Putin desires war with the United States. What he de-sires is the fruits of conquest without the cost. He holds the cards of a bluff-er, and he is gradually raising the stakes in an effort to get us to fold. Fortunately, it is the U.S., not Russia, who holds the stronger hand. We can-not, and we must not, give Putin the acquiescence he requires to succeed in his plot to overturn the world we cre-ated. When it comes to Russia’s inter-ference in our elections, we must put the country and the sanctity of our de-mocracy far above partisan interests. For any American to collaborate against our own government with a government that seeks to undermine our country would, indeed, be nothing short of treasonous. But I call on my Democrat friends to resist the urge to treat this critical issue as nothing more than an opportunity to score po-litical points. And I call on my fellow Republicans to unwaveringly pursue investigations into efforts by Vladimir Putin to un-dermine our democracy, wherever they may lead. I will close with this, Mr. Speaker. In our twilight struggle against the clouds of dictatorship, we must main-tain what the former Soviet dissident Natan Sharansky calls moral clarity. Sharansky contrasts free societies with fear societies, where citizens live in perpetual unease. While even free soci-eties are not perfect, they must never play into the hands of fear society propagandists who assert the dubious sense of moral relativism. After all of these years, we are still Ronald Reagan’s America—a light on a hill shining brightly as a beacon for all mankind. There is no moral equiva-lence between the United States and any society based upon fear, let alone Vladimir Putin’s Russia. American exceptionalism remains buried deep in all our bones. We are not just a free society; we are the model free society. Our values and our deeds will endure long after each of us in this Chamber is gone. Mr. Speaker, the conflict before us is a simple one: we cannot fall prey to false equivalencies or fail to recognize our adversaries for who they are. Let us steel ourselves today in this Cham-ber and rise to stop Mr. Putin’s aggres-sion in its tracks, both against our own Nation and against those who have proven themselves to be our closest friends and allies. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for his statement here and for bringing up the topic of American exceptionalism and bringing us back through some of this history that we need to revisit from time to time. That statement is very valuable to us. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN), an exceptional American in his own right. 
TERMINATE GRANTS TO SANCTUARY CITIES  
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to thank the gentleman from Iowa, my good friend for yielding to me. I rise to express my strong support for the announced policy by Attorney General Jeff Sessions that will termi-nate U.S. Department of Justice grants to sanctuary cities. These are the lo-calities that have chosen not to cooper-ate with the Federal Government when its seeks to deport already-detained criminal aliens. Under this Trump policy, your hard- earned tax dollars will no longer go to cities and counties that thumb their nose at the Federal immigration au-thorities and refuse to cooperate. In President Trump’s first 2 months in office, this administration has acted to secure our borders, to encourage compliance with Federal immigration law, and to deport criminal aliens. The previous administration put out the welcome mat for criminal aliens. Thanks to Trump, the welcome mat has now been removed. A few short days ago, the national news broke on how two illegal aliens from Central America raped a 14-year- old girl in the boys bathroom of a pub-lic high school in Rockville, Maryland. These two young men, Henry Sanchez- Milian, an 18-year-old from Guatemala, and Jose Montano, a 17-year-old from El Salvador, came across our southern border last year as unaccompanied mi-nors. The Obama administration ini-tially targeted them for deportation proceedings, but they were later re-leased to join relatives in Maryland. When asked about the situation, Rockville school officials said that the legal status of these two individuals did not matter, as Rockville has de-clared itself to be a sanctuary city. I beg to differ. It does matter. If the Fed-eral Government had done its duty and immediately returned these illegal im-migrants to their home country, this young girl would not have been bru-tally raped. For the sake of this young girl, we must secure our borders. This vicious crime would never have taken place had the Obama administration followed the law and secured our borders. The good news is that the new administra-tion is working hard to secure our bor-ders, to deport criminal aliens, and to protect the lives of American citizens. Cracking down on sanctuary cities is an important first step. In the first month of the Trump administration, ICE issued 3,083 detainers. These are orders for local authorities to keep criminal aliens in custody for 48 hours to enable U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, or ICE, agents to come and get these criminal aliens for deportation. 206 of these detainees were just declined, meaning that local au-thorities deliberately ignored ICE’s de-tainer requests and released these indi-viduals back out onto American streets. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.028 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2580 March 30, 2017 
This is especially concerning because 44 percent of those individuals had al-ready been convicted of crimes in the United States. These weren’t just petty crimes, folks. These include: homicide, rape, assault, domestic violence, inde-cent exposure with a minor, sex offense against a minor, aggravated assault with a weapon, resisting an officer, ve-hicle theft, kidnapping, driving under the influence, hit-and-run, and sexual assault. Thank you, Mr. President, for hold-ing accountable these sanctuary cities that released these criminals back out onto our streets. We are also working to force foreign countries to take back their criminal alien citizens; 25-year-old Casey Chadwick was murdered by an illegal alien from Haiti, Jean Jacques. Jacques had been released 6 months earlier and ordered deported after serv-ing a 19-year sentence for attempted murder. Haiti had refused multiple times to take back Jacques, and under the Obama administration policy, Jacques was simply released onto U.S. streets to return to his life of crime, although Haiti had gladly taken billions of U.S. aid. That is why I have introduced H.R. 82, the Criminal Alien Deportation En-forcement Act. My bill withholds for-eign aid from countries that do not re-patriate their criminal aliens. This commonsense step ensures that countries that benefit from the good-will of the United States must hold up their end of the bargain and take back their criminal aliens. And through his recent executive order, President Trump declared that he would restrict the issuance of visas to certain resi-dents of noncooperative countries. Con-gress should support the President by locking in this enforcement with legis-lation so that a future President does not reverse this enforcement. b1115 On behalf of the American people, I applaud President Trump and I call on my colleagues to cosponsor my legisla-tion to lock in these protections for fu-ture generations of Americans and keep them safe. Mr. KING of Iowa. Reclaiming my time, I would like to pose a question to the gentleman from Texas. The bill that you have proposed that mirrors the President’s executive order to limit people coming in from those six countries, do you have the bill number for that? H.R.? Mr. BABIN. That is H.R. 80. Mr. KING of Iowa. 880? Mr. BABIN. H.R. 80. The gentleman from Iowa, I am going to correct myself. That is H.R. 81, H.R. 81. Mr. KING of Iowa. Okay. And you also have H.R. 82. Mr. BABIN. I have H.R. 82, which I just discussed, and that is the repatri-ation of criminal aliens. Mr. KING of Iowa. For the record, I believe I am a cosponsor of both of those pieces of legislation. Mr. BABIN. You are, Mr. K ING. You are a sponsor. And I thank you for your cosponsorship and trying to keep our American citizens, our constituents, safe. Mr. KING of Iowa. Reclaiming my time from the gentleman from Texas, I appreciate the approach that you brought to this Congress. It is not hard for me to get behind, and I support leg-islation that is brought by Mr. B
ABIN. He has been looking at the safety and security of the American people and coming up with good, solid, principled ideas on how to restore and strengthen our national security. Each of those two pieces of legisla-tion, the numbers which I did not know until now, H.R. 81 and H.R. 82, are pieces of legislation that I and many other conservatives have signed on to in our endeavor to make Americans safe again. This great America, making it great again, part of it is to make America safe again. I would add to this, Mr. Speaker, that I am appalled at the audacity of the judges who are either out on the left coast or well beyond the left coast, as far west as Hawaii, who would just step in without any kind of a constitu-tional, foundational background in their arguments or decisions, without citing the statute is this, that Congress has the authority to control immigra-tion in the United States of America. If we want to pass a piece of legisla-tion and it is in law that says the only people that we will let come into America are green Martians, then that is the law, and that is what a judge is obligated to determine when they read the law. But on top of that, not only does Congress set the terms on what legal immigration is into America—and it is clear and it is defined—but we grant the President of the United States the authority to determine those who will not be allowed to come into America, just like any other sovereign nation- state in the world that controls its bor-ders. And if we don’t have the authority, if Congress doesn’t have the constitu-tional authority that is clearly defined, and if the statutes that are produced by Congress and signed into law by pre-vious Presidents do not set that statu-tory authority on who comes into America but a judge someplace in Se-attle or Hawaii can supercede the will of the American people, can supercede the supreme law of the land, the Con-stitution of the United States, can supercede Federal law just because, in their whim, they think a law might mean something that it doesn’t say, that is what we are dealing with, Mr. Speaker. I intend to move further on this and examine these judges more closely. As a matter of fact—and I thank the gentleman from Texas. But we had a hearing either earlier this week or last week—and my weeks run together, Mr. Speaker—and this hearing was a hear-ing where we discussed some of this statutory authority. In fact, it was this week. I remember one of the witnesses, and the witness was a Sheriff Hodgson out of Maryland; and he testified that a State legislator in Maryland had learned that there was likely to be an ICE raid into a par-ticular community, and the representa-tive posted on their Facebook, essen-tially: Don’t go out of your homes. Be careful because you might be picked up and deported if you are illegally in America. That heads-up from an elected State official, I asked him this question, and his answer concurred with my opinion, that it is a direct violation of 8 U.S.C. 1324, which is a Federal ban on har-boring illegal aliens. To harbor them, to encourage them to come here or stay here—and it can be either will-fully or for financial purposes. If that is the case, they are facing a Federal felony of up to 10 years in a peniten-tiary; that is, if it is for profit. But if it is not for profit, then they are only facing 5 years in a Federal penitentiary for facilitating illegal immigration, harboring illegal aliens. When I read the statute into the R
ECORD before the Judiciary Com-mittee, it was clear to me that Sheriff Hodgson had read that statute multiple times. I don’t know that he had it com-pletely memorized, but he knew ex-actly what it meant; and he concurred with me that I believe the Justice De-partment should be investigating, should be looking into State legislators or any citizen—they are subject to the same laws as all the rest of us—who is harboring illegal aliens. We should bring this on the highest profile level that we can. And furthermore, we have a judge out in Washington, again, who, accord-ing to news reports, helped facilitate an illegal alien who was before this judge’s court to go out the back door when there were ICE agents waiting, guarding the front door. That also is a violation of 8 U.S.C. 1324, harboring il-legal aliens. So Congress passes laws, and these laws are to be respected; and we cannot be a real civilization if we don’t have respect for the rule of law, Mr. Speak-er. And not only has respect for the rule of law been so eroded, we had a previous President, and that is Presi-dent Obama, who openly and blatantly violated the supreme law of the land, the Constitution, according to his defi-nition. Twenty-two times Barack Obama said he didn’t have the authority to grant a legal status to the people who are defined as DREAMers, the deferred action for children of—I guess they say—well, it is children of aliens is what it really is. But President Obama, 22 times on videotape and who knows how may times it wasn’t on videotape, said: I don’t have the constitutional authority to change the law. Congress has to do that. When he was pressed to change the law and he said he didn’t have that au-thority those 22 times, then he con-cluded that he could get away with it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.029 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2581 March 30, 2017 
anyway. He issued the order, the DACA order—two of them that are really openly and blatantly unconstitutional. DAPA, the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans, that is how they called it. Again, it is parents of those who were born here to illegal parents, and we need to move the birthright citizen-ship bill to put an end to that. The President knew he didn’t have the authority for that DAPA program, and he knew he didn’t have the author-ity for the DACA program, and he said so at least 22 times. Then he issued those orders, and the executive branch of government began to carry out the President’s orders, which are in viola-tion of the law. So he has commanded the executive branch of government to violate the law. Subsequent to the DACA order going out, President Obama went to Chicago and gave a speech and said publicly— and this is on videotape, too. He said this: I changed the law. Mr. Speaker, no President ever had constitutional authority to change the law. It is Congress that writes all the laws in the House and in the Senate. The President gets an opportunity to sign them into law, and, as President, he is free to lobby the Congress to change the law. But no President should have the audacity to stand up in front of his hometown and the world and say: I changed the law. Now, do we remember, Mr. Speaker, that there was a big national outrage over that statement or over the con-stitutional violations? No. There wasn’t a great outrage. I am greatly outraged, and I remain outraged, but the American people were relatively complacent about this. Now, there were plenty of them that did some work on this, true, but it wasn’t like a big cultural movement. I would remind you about what happens when we are extremely offended by vio-lations of law and decency. That is when Republicans and Democrats get together and do something about it. One of those things I can think of, Mr. Speaker, is this. I reach in my pocket and I pull out—this is an acorn. I carry an acorn in my pocket every day, and I have done that for, oh, I don’t know how long now—pretty close to 10 years. But I brought an amendment to the floor of the House of Representatives to cut off all funding to ACORN about 2 years before we heard of the video-tapes that came out of ACORN that were collected by James O’Keefe and Hannah Giles because I knew what was going on. I had had an investigator that was feeding me information. And I came to the floor and made an effort to cut off all the funding that was sup-porting ACORN, which admitted later on to 440- or maybe 444,000 false or fraudulent voter registration forms that they paid people commissions to produce. Some of those forms included Mickey Mouse and the entire Dallas Cowboys football team, all registered to vote. ACORN employees were paid on com-mission to collect the voter registra-tions. They were subverting our elec-toral process. They were advocating all kinds of things from within ACORN and helping to facilitate, as we know the allegation, prostitution and others. This was so bad—this was so bad that Democrats were outraged. I know, Mr. Speaker, it is hard to fathom this now. But Democrats were outraged. Repub-licans were outraged. And when those videos became replete throughout the American consciousness, you—and I say, Mr. Speaker, I say the American people rose up and they called their Members of Congress, and they did interviews on TV, and they wrote let-ters to the editor. It was the talk of the coffee shop and the church and the school and the work and the town. America revolted at the idea that we would be sending hundreds of millions of tax dollars to an organization that was so immoral and so corrupt. Underneath that was the corruption of our electoral process. So we came to-gether here with moral and constitu-tional outrage and cut off all funding to ACORN or any of their affiliates or subordinates or successors, and that has been part of the appropriation process here ever since. I carry this acorn in my pocket to re-mind me, to remind me not to ever let something like that happen again. But also, it is a point of pride for me when I hold this in my hand because I am proud of the American people, Mr. Speaker. It was the American people that got that done with bipartisan out-rage about what was happening to our Republic and to the legitimacy of our elections in this Republic. And I would remind people, Mr. Speaker, that we have a Constitution that I have said is the supreme law of the land. It is the foundation upon which our country is built. But that foundation sits on something. It sits on a bedrock, and the bedrock that it sits on is legitimate elections. We can watch our Constitution erode by decisions in the Supreme Court and by loss of understanding of what its original meaning is and what it is to be a constitutional and contractual guar-antee to succeeding generations, we can lose our Constitution that way, or we could just lose our country by al-lowing the bedrock that our Constitu-tion sits on, legitimate elections, to be eroded and destroyed. That is what I think the American people understood, maybe instinc-tively, maybe intuitively, maybe intel-lectually, what was happening to our country. All of that went together to build a giant snowball of public out-rage that ripped the funding out from underneath ACORN, and we will hold that now for a long term and, hope-fully, for the very long and increas-ingly healthy life of this Republic. That is what needs to happen when we are outraged, when we see our Con-stitution being undermined. We did that with ACORN, and it is a symbol of what the American people should be doing. But when you have a President of the United States that takes an oath of of-fice to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States so help him God, and in that oath it is specified in another section of the Con-stitution that he, meaning the Presi-dent, take care that the laws be faith-fully executed—we call that the Take Care Clause—well, the President, Presi-dent Obama, did not take care that the laws be faithfully executed. He refused to enforce the law. He refused to en-force the immigration law, and he issued orders that ordered his subordi-nates throughout the executive branch of government, including the Border Patrol, custom border protection, ICE, and USCIS, to defy the law. The law of the United States says that, when law enforcement encounters someone who is unlawfully present in the United States, they shall—not ‘‘may,’’ but ‘‘shall’’—be placed into re-moval proceedings. That is the law. Had that been the case and if the law had been followed, if the law had been followed ever since Ronald Reagan signed the amnesty act in 1986—which, by the way, was a legal act. I thought it was poor judgment on the part of President Reagan. He let us down on a principle of the rule of law. Thirty-plus years ago I knew that we would be fighting for a long, long time to restore the respect for the rule of law, particu-larly with regard to immigration. When I watched the debate take place here in this Congress and in the House and in the Senate and I read what I could read about that, I rea-soned that, even though we were losing in the House, the rule of law was losing in the House on the amnesty debate in 1986, and even though the rule of law lost in the Senate, I was confident that Ronald Reagan understood the prin-ciple that, if you reward people for breaking the law, there would have been more people that break the law. b1130 If you say that this is the last am-nesty ever, you also will have to con-tinually fight the argument of we didn’t really mean that; there are these other circumstances. The three—well, it actually started out to be 1 million people that were going to get amnesty in 1986. And the rationale, which I don’t actually think was rational, was we can’t enforce the law against these million people that are here illegally, but we need to have the rule of law. So what we will do is we will grant an amnesty to the mil-lion people that are here illegally. Then our promise will be, from this point forward, everybody who enters into the United States, or is unlawfully in the United States will have to face the law, and we will deport everybody that has violated our immigration laws. We will enforce the law from this point forward, from 1986. Ronald Reagan believed he was going to get that; and, by the way, he did 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.031 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2582 March 30, 2017 
command the executive branch of gov-ernment, and the Republicans did run the executive branch of government not only from 1986, but all the way up until 1993, when Bill Clinton took of-fice. But what happened was they didn’t get the enforcement. There was fraud. It was well over a million people—it was closer to 3 million people—who re-ceived amnesty under the 1986 amnesty act; and those 3 million people then were legalized in America, by law. And I don’t dispute the validity of the law, but they were rewarded for breaking the law. That is what the amnesty did. So I have talked to a number of them along the way, and they will argue: Yes, we deserved amnesty. We came to America. We wanted to live here. It is a good thing. My family is better off. Well, is the rule of law better off, is America’s Constitution better off, is our civilization better off because we decided that we would ignore the law and reward people for breaking it? By the way, is the debate over? Did we restore the respect for the rule of law since 1986, Mr. Speaker? Or, in-stead, have we seen the respect for the rule of law be eroded day by day, week by week, month by month, year by year, over the last 30-plus years since the amnesty act of 1986? That is what happened. Ronald Reagan saw it in his lifetime. He recog-nized that and would have liked to have had that bill back again. I have had the conversation with a glorious American, then-Attorney Gen-eral Ed Meese, III, who also recognized that the advice that President Reagan got from his Cabinet on whether to sign the amnesty act in 1986, whether that advice was good, and I will tell you that the Cabinet members that I am aware of would like to have re-versed that decision after they saw the actual results. Well, it is not that I am the most clairvoyant Member of the United States Congress, but I can assert with great confidence here into this C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD , Mr. Speaker, I saw this coming in 1986. I wasn’t in public life. I just wanted to raise my family and run my business and live with the freedoms that are guaranteed to me as an American citizen under the Con-stitution, but I wanted the rule of law. I had been raised with a deep and abiding respect for the law. My father would sit me down at the supper table with the Code of Iowa on one side and the Constitution on the other side, and he would lecture to me how this fits. He would say over and over again: This is the law, and you will abide by the law. If you don’t like it, if you think the law is not right, true, or just, there are means by which you go about changing it. You can go lobby your State Rep-resentative. You can lobby your Con-gressman. You can run for office, which is what I ended up doing. And I am here defending the Constitution and the rule of law. But we also are a First World coun-try. We are the leaders of civilization for the world. We are the leaders of western civilization for the world. We are the American civilization. The American civilization is a dominant component of Western civilization, and if we take the values that formed America out of the values of the world, we don’t have a lot of science and tech-nology in progress to work with. We don’t have a lot of economic dyna-mism. I know that there have been wars and there have been dictators that have popped up within Western civilization. But, fortunately, we haven’t had a dic-tator pop up in our American civiliza-tion. And one of the big reasons for that is because of our Constitution, and because we have public debate, and we come here to the floor of the House, and over there to the floor of the Sen-ate, and across America, again, in our coffee shops, in our churches, in our workplaces and out on our parks and our streets, and we discuss this openly. We should listen to other people’s ideas and we should consider what they have to say and we should evaluate that. That is what our Founding Fa-thers envisioned. And as these ideas merge, what will happen is that some-times there will be people on the right that are never going to compromise, and there will be some people on the left that are never going to com-promise. Maybe that doesn’t matter so much because the people in the middle get to hear both of those arguments and make their own decisions, and they can move left or they can move right. But over time, we build a consensus. And when we get to that consensus, that is when we can move legislation here in the House and over in the Senate and to the President’s desk for a signature, and then America continues to become an even better place. But we have to have open dialogue to do this, and we have to have the rule of law that gives order to our society. If the rule of law is sacrificed because people are ruled more by their hearts than they are their heads, I would say: Come back to the history of America. Study our Founding Fathers. Read the Federalist Papers. Deliberate on this Constitution that we have, deliberate on this supreme law of the land and un-derstand how deep the thought that went into the words that are there that are our guarantees. Our Founding Fathers understood that we had to continue to educate each generation and raise them up not only in an understanding of the Con-stitution—and I double assert its origi-nal meaning—but they needed to be raised with an American experience. That is why it is required that our President of the United States be born in America. And that ‘‘born in Amer-ica’’ is essentially shorthand for we want to ensure that all of our Presi-dents are raised with an American ex-perience. That is how to interpret that. I am not here to slice or dice, Mr. Speaker, the actual locations of birth of any President. And we have seen that Congress has some authority to address it by statute, should we choose to do that. But I am asserting that it is essential that the American civiliza-tion be preserved, protected, and ex-panded; and that we have leaders that are raised with the American experi-ence that will come here and defend the American culture and civilization. And that is so important, that the leader of our thought process, the lead-er of the destiny and the direction of America is the President of the United States, our Commander in Chief. The words that our President says reset and redirect America. We saw it happen under the 8 years of Barack Obama. We are seeing it begin now under the beginnings of the 65 or 66 days of the Trump administration, Mr. Speaker, and we have noticed that the dialog in America immediately shifts to: What is the President thinking about? What is the President talking about? What is the President tweeting about? I think there is a high degree of anx-iety on the part of the mainstream media, because they are never really off the clock because this President might wake up at 3 in the morning and send out a tweet that resets things. And so I am fine with that. I think it is important that we understand the thoughts of the President. By the way, he isn’t all-powerful. I used to say to the previous President: You are only the President. It is the American people that run this shop, and through a lot of different mecha-nisms. But the President does have a lot of authority and he gets to set the tone for the debate and he gets to define many things, but especially the foreign policy. But we still have this constraint, and the power of the purse exists here, es-pecially in the House of Representa-tives. If the House doesn’t appropriate money, nobody gets any money. That is kind of like when they say: If mama ain’t happy, nobody’s happy. Well, if Congress doesn’t appropriate money, nobody gets any money. So that power of the purse was de-signed by our Founding Fathers to be the controlling factor of the things that go on in this country. And if a President is out of line, we are obli-gated to shut the money off to those things that are out of line. Of course, the Senate will have to concur with any spending that the House should initiate, but just the same, it is the power of the purse that controls much of this. But we are to be guided and bound by the Constitution. Earlier this morning, as the chairman of the Constitution and Civil Justice Subcommittee of the House Judiciary Committee, I held a hearing on constitutional rights, in particular the Kelo decision that came down in—if I get my date right—June 23 of 2005. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.033 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2583 March 30, 2017 
That decision was about property rights in New London, Connecticut, that the local government had decided that they were going to act by con-demning the private property locally so that they could hand that private property over for a private interest to do expansion and development on mul-tiple homes within the area of New London, Connecticut. I recall my outrage when the Su-preme Court ruled that that was con-stitutional; for a local government to condemn private property for private use, all it had to do was be facilitated by local government. I had not read the decision at that time. In fact, I hadn’t read the dissent. I had read part of the decision. But within a week, we brought a resolution of disapproval of the Supreme Court’s decision on Kelo to the floor of this House. And, yes, I was engaged in that debate and some of the shaping of the resolution. But the Supreme Court of the United States, which is there to protect the Constitution itself, to interpret the Constitution and the law, effectively stripped three words out of the Fifth Amendment of our Constitution. The Fifth Amendment reads like this: ‘‘ . . . nor shall private property be taken for public use without just compensation.’’ Well, the people in New London Con-necticut, particularly the Kelo family, had their private property, their home condemned, confiscated under eminent domain and handed over to private use and through the entity of local govern-ment. So I was outraged. America was outraged. By the way, that is another time like I showed you the acorn, Mr. Speaker, but the Kelo decision was another time that the American people rose up and said: We disagree with this decision. And it was—the polling that I recall from the time, 11–1, opposed the Su-preme Court’s decision that would allow local government to confiscate private property. I came to this floor to add to the de-bate. And at the time I was queued up to speak, the speaker ahead of me was over at this podium, the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Barney Frank. Now, he and I had a history of disagreeing on a lot of issues, and I ex-pected to disagree with Mr. Frank on that issue. So I sat here in a chair in front with my notepad to take notes on Mr. Frank’s statements so I would be prepared to step up and rebut him be-cause my turn was coming next. I am writing notes furiously, keeping up with his quotes. And while this is going on, and he was almost finished with his speech before I realized I agreed with everything Barney Frank said on Kelo. Everything. So I spoke, I came down here to this podium and gave my speech, but my speech fully supported the statement by Mr. Frank. And I added to that, that the effect of that decision was to strip those three words out of the Fifth Amendment ‘‘for public use.’’ I made that argument as emphatically as I was prepared to do, that now the Fifth Amendment of the Constitution that guarantees our property rights says: ‘‘Nor shall private property be taken without just compensation.’’ In other words, they have to pay you for it. But you don’t get to keep your home if there is a private interest out there that can convince a local govern-ment that they will pay more taxes on that property than you are paying on that property. Stripping those three words out of the Fifth Amendment was the exact ef-fect of the Kelo decision. I did not know it at that time because later on is when I picked up the dissent, one of the last dissents written by Justice O’Connor, who had exactly the same analysis in her dissent as I had in my speech and, as I believe without utter clarity of the statement, that Mr. Frank would have agreed with it if he didn’t say it or not. So here we are. The American people have risen up and we have said: We dis-agree with the Supreme Court. We want to restore our Constitution, but amending it is pretty difficult. By the way, if you wanted to amend the Fifth Amendment of the Constitu-tion to fix Kelo, to have the Fifth Amendment mean ‘‘nor shall private property be taken for public use with-out just compensation,’’ if you want the Fifth Amendment to mean that—I asked a witness today: How do you re-write the Fifth Amendment and amend our Constitution when the Supreme Court has so, I will say, subverted the meaning, they had de facto stricken those three words out? How do you rewrite it? Do you start with: We really mean it this time that ‘‘nor shall private property be taken,’’ we really mean ‘‘without just com-pensation,’’ we really mean it ‘‘for pub-lic use without just compensation’’? Do we keep adding? Do we really mean it? Or are there words in the lan-guage that can prevent a court from doing what they decide to do from an activist standpoint? I don’t think so. And a number of times I have tried to write amend-ments to the Constitution to fix prob-lems that have been created by an ac-tivist court. b1145 So I will say the Kelo decision in 2005 was a precursor to things that hap-pened by the Supreme Court, although they are not connected and cited; and that would be June 2015—June 24 and June 25, 2015, as a matter of fact. It was King v. Burwell, the decision when the Supreme Court, on a Thursday—I be-lieve if you look at the calendar, Mr. Speaker, it will be a Thursday, June 24, 2015, when the Supreme Court con-cluded and issued a decision that they could rewrite ObamaCare, that they could rewrite the statute—the law that was actually passed here by hook, crook, and legislative shenanigan, but still within the boundaries of the Con-stitution. The law gave no authority to the Federal Government to establish ex-changes under ObamaCare, but the Court considered this, and they con-cluded that: We must have really meant to say ‘‘or Federal Government’’ when Congress wrote that the States may establish exchanges. The de facto result of the King v. Burwell decision was that the States—and added these three words, in effect—‘‘or Federal Government’’ may establish exchanges under the law. The Supreme Court added words to the law. If they can add words to the law, then they can also subtract words from the law. So I am appalled by this. This is Thursday, and before I can get my feet back underneath me, having been es-sentially knocked over by a Supreme Court truck believing that they would be bound by something within the Con-stitution, before that can happen, I am pulling into a Catholic church in Logan, Iowa, to do a 10 a.m. meeting with some priests and members of the parish synchronized just by providence or happenstance with former Senator Rick Santorum, who has been a defini-tive voice on marriage. We were both listening to the radio as we pulled into that church to do a joint event, and for the first time we had heard about the Obergefell decision, the decision that came down on Friday, June 25, 2015. That decision goes even beyond the idea that the Court can insert words into Federal statute that was pre-viously duly passed by Congress and signed by the President. And now under the gay marriage decision of Obergefell, the Supreme Court not only found a new right in the Constitution, they created a command in the Con-stitution—a command. It is not in the Constitution about same-sex marriage. Our Founding Fa-thers never envisioned such a thing. There is no one that can assert that it was even in the imagination of any Founding Father. Neither can they as-sert that it was in the imagination of anybody that was in this Congress when the 14th Amendment was passed out of this Congress—out of the House and the Senate—and ratified by the American people with 75 percent of the legitimate States at the time. No one can assert that that ever was out there in, let’s just say, the ema-nations and penumbras of the Constitu-tion or especially the 14th Amendment, the equal protection clause of the Con-stitution. They can’t assert that. They asserted in the Roe v. Wade de-cision that this right to privacy be-comes a right to abortion under any circumstances to speak of—almost any circumstances, Mr. Speaker. They as-serted that it was in the emanations and penumbras, and they kind of made it up. They found it in that shadowy area along the edge of the clouds that we all see something different if we see anything at all, but they could see something that nobody else had seen, and they wrote that into the decision. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.034 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2584 March 30, 2017 
But this Obergefell decision goes even beyond that, even beyond the au-dacity of Roe v. Wade, Doe v. Bolton, Griswold v. Connecticut, and the Eisenstadt decision. It goes beyond all of those. It is this: the Supreme Court cre-ated—not only found a right, but they created a command in the Constitu-tion. And here is the command: if you are a political subdivision in America that recognizes civil marriage, then thou shalt conduct same-sex marriages and recognize same-sex marriages, regard-less of where they might take place, but they shall take place in your juris-diction as well. That is the Obergefell decision. Now, if this had been a decision of the United States Congress, it would have been litigated and found unconsti-tutional. We don’t have the enumer-ated power or the constitutional au-thority to impose same-sex marriage on America. That is outside the reach of this Congress, and I think there are Democrats that will agree with me on that, Mr. Speaker. But if the States were to pass same-sex marriage laws, they do have that constitutional au-thority. If that had happened in a stat-utory way, I would accept that. I don’t agree with it, but I would accept it as a constitutional function of a legiti-mate subdivision within the United States. That is how we need to do things in this country, in a constitutional fash-ion, not bypass the will of the people and allow the Supreme Court to assert an authority that they do not have constitutionally. I can chase this all the way back to Marbury v. Madison and have to take that argument apart, I know, with some of the people that would carry on this argument. But in the end, it is this: We get into big trou-ble when we start establishing special rights for immutable characteristics. If you look at Title VII of the Civil Rights Act—and I don’t have it com-mitted exactly to memory, but in Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, there is protection there for religion, but that is a specific constitutional protection in the First Amendment. Beyond that, it is protection for immutable charac-teristics that have to do with race, eth-nicity, and national origin. I am fine with putting in disability. That is an immutable characteristic. Age is an-other immutable characteristic. And sex is an immutable characteristic. Gender is not, and sexual orientation is not. When you go into that zone, then you are giving special protected status for characteristics that cannot be inde-pendently identified and can, at least potentially, be willfully changed. That is a zone that is too blurry a zone for law, and it is a zone then for our cul-ture to accept, embrace, and love peo-ple of all walks of life and recognize that we are all God’s children, we are all created in His image, and because of our immutable characteristics, they are tied to our origins. By the way, our rights do come from God and not from government. If we think somehow that rights come from government, then it is okay for govern-ment to take our rights away. But they don’t come from government. Our Founding Fathers understood that. In fact, they articulated that better than anyone ever had. They had a tough job. They had to first understand this di-vine right of humanity, natural law, as they described it. They had to first un-derstand it, then they had to articulate it, then they had to debate it among themselves. They had disagreements amongst themselves, but they reached a consensus that got to the Declaration and a consensus that got to the ratifi-cation of the Constitution. We fought a gruesome and a ghastly civil war to put away the sin of slav-ery. That also was a movement that came from the people of America and the people of Western civilization and the world. Slavery is an institution that has been part of every ancient civ-ilization back to the beginning. Amer-ica stepped up pretty early in this process. Great Britain was ahead of us. Not many other nations beat us to that punch. It was a brutal thing that America went through, but it was a consensus of America in the end that ended that. So, Mr. Speaker, I am making this point that this America that we are is built upon the pillars of American exceptionalism. Those pillars are in-herited from Western civilization whose roots go to Western Europe, they go to Rome, they go to Greece, and they go back to Mosaic law. We have been a wise-enough civilization to adopt those values from outside of Western civilization that give us vital-ity, just like our English language has this unique vitality. One of the reasons for it is that it is adaptable, it is flexi-ble. We are not stuck in time and place. We take on words into our lan-guage. Every year there is a list of new words that go into the dictionary be-cause we create them to take care of the meaning that we need. Daniel Hannan, a member of the Eu-ropean Parliament from the United Kingdom, has written a book about the English language. I think of Winston Churchill’s book, ‘‘A History of the English-Speaking Peoples.’’ I read that book carefully forward and back and digested it so to speak. When I finished it, I remember I looked up at the ceil-ing, and it was about 1:30 in the morn-ing, and I thought: My gosh, wherever the English language has gone, freedom has accompanied the language. Now, Churchill didn’t ever write that, that I recall, in his book, but that was a conclusion that came to me. I would call it an inescapable conclusion that might only mean ‘‘if you think like I do.’’ But he laid the case out without saying that the English lan-guage has carried freedom. Well, Daniel Hannan’s book—the title of which I forget at the moment, Mr. Speaker—goes further. He says that, as he sits in the European Par-liament—and he is multilingual—he will have earpieces on listening to the interpreter while he is listening to an-other language in this ear, and the lan-guage he gets interpreted into his ear doesn’t necessarily carry out the same values and meaning. His analysis is that the English language not only is a carrier of freedom, but it is a language that articulates freedom unique to any other, and that you can’t really under-stand God-given liberty without having an understanding of the English lan-guage that has such a utility in our carrying out and talking about our val-ues of language and liberty. Liberty means something different from freedom. We have got two words, liberty and freedom. Many other lan-guages only have one word, and they just use that word universally. But in our spirit is this—freedom is this: a wild coyote has freedom. He can jump the fences and go wherever he wants to go. But freedom is different. He has that freedom. But liberty is bridled by morality. We have liberty in America. We are bridled by the morality of the obligation that we are a civilization and a culture that is part of Judeo- Christianity, descended, at a minimum, from Judeo-Christianity, and our val-ues that are rooted in there, as I said, are traceable back to Mosaic law. We have to have a morality within America if we are going to be an Amer-ica that achieves and that we can as-pire, that the arc of history takes us to soaring heights instead of flattening that arc of history out and perhaps di-minishing into the Third World. So I revere this country, Mr. Speak-er, and I revere our Constitution and our rule of law. The people in this country, all of us who are part of this civilization and part of this culture, all of us who get up every day and go out and do things to lift others up, all of us who scrub out some of the things that aren’t so great and elevate those things that are great and pull ourselves to-gether, whether it is a mom and a child, a dad and a child, whether it is a church group, whether it is home school, public school, or parochial school, whether it is work, whether it is your volunteer group, if you are out there handing out pamphlets to ad-vance your cause and adding to the civil dialogue in America, keep a moral foundation behind it, and add to that civil dialogue, if we continue to do that, and if we protect, understand, and teach the values of America, and in particular the understanding and the original meaning of our Constitution, we will continue to be an even greater country. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the privi-lege to address you here on the floor of the House of Representatives. I am privileged to serve here and privileged to have the opportunity to go home and carry out some of the things that I have talked about here in this last hour. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.036 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2585 March 30, 2017 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has agreed to without amendment a joint resolution of the House of the following title: 
H.J. Res. 67. Joint Resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements es-tablished by qualified State political sub-divisions for non-governmental employees. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 353. An act to improve the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of investment on affordable and attainable advances in observational, computing, and modeling capabilities to support substantial improvement in weather forecasting and pre-diction of high impact weather events, to ex-pand commercial opportunities for the provi-sion of weather data, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that pursuant to Public Law 101–509, the Chair, on behalf of the Majority Lead-er, announces the appointment of the following individual to serve as a mem-ber of the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: Deborah Skaggs Speth of Kentucky. 
f 
b1200 REPEALING HEALTH CARE LAW The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 min-utes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is in-deed a pleasure to follow my good friend from Iowa, S
TEVE KING. I know Mr. K
INGcares deeply about America. He not only cares deeply, but having been in the private sector in business where he, like our President, was in-volved in building things and making things work and making things acces-sible, he has good solutions. I have no doubt if he were not in Congress, he probably would have gotten the bid on the sections of the wall that the Presi-dent is taking bids on even now. We are at an interesting time. It has been interesting to see some of the messages. Some are hurtful. I know the liberal papers like the Longview news-paper immediately pick up on any dis-sension in the Republican Party, espe-cially if it is aimed at conservatives like me. I don’t know why we use the term ‘‘conservative.’’ It used to be just somebody with common sense that be-lieved in keeping our word, believed in following the Constitution. We seem to get in trouble when we don’t follow the Constitution. For ex-ample, it makes very clear that every-one who is an American citizen is sup-posed to have rights. We can’t assure the rights of every person in every other country. That would turn into this remarkable experiment in a repub-lican form of government that we have here. It is really a democratic Republic—a Republic where you select representa-tives so that you don’t have big gangs running around as a majority wreaking havoc when people disagree with them. We elect representatives so they can come together and, hopefully, read bills and not have to vote on them so they can find out what is in them, go ahead and read the bills in advance and hopefully have something to do with the writing of the bills, especially things that affect people’s health. When we see messages like have come out today, it is unpleasant. One was apparently sent out from the White House, condemning the Freedom Caucus, apparently, because we have the audacity to want Republicans, in-cluding those at the White House, to keep our promise. I still remain in favor of—as do my friends on the Free-dom Caucus and a lot of others—and remain committed to our promise to repeal ObamaCare. I realize there can be honest dis-agreement. Some think if we give more power to Health and Human Services, more Federal Government, and give more power to the people we trust in the Federal Government, whom I do trust, then they can do what Congress is not willing to do, and that is repeal ObamaCare and have a system in place that will assure people can get health care that is affordable. The fact is most people talk about how we have got to make sure people can get health insurance. And then, over the years, they use the term ‘‘health care’’ synonymously with ‘‘health insurance.’’ Actually, the fact is we should be most concerned about people, all Americans, having access to affordable health care, whether they have insurance or not. One of the problems that health in-surance has gotten into over the last 50 years is that health insurance has ceased to be insurance. Under ObamaCare, health insurance was cer-tainly not insurance. If you look up the root of insurance, the word ‘‘insure,’’ insurance was in-tended to be something you could pur-chase very cheaply that would insure against an unforeseeable event some point in the future, maybe a cata-strophic accident, a chronic disease, something that you don’t expect and you hope never happens. For the insur-ance companies, it is actually a form of legalized wager that you are paying a little amount, hoping that never hap-pens, but just in case it does, insurance will be able to take care of it at that point. We have long since lost the idea of true insurance, and people began pay-ing health insurance companies not to insure against an unforeseeable event in the future, but to pay them to man-age their health care, to tell their doc-tors what medication they could pre-scribe, what procedures they would cover to help their patients, telling the patients which doctors they could see. Actually, the truth is, as the Federal Government got more and more in-volved, we saw less and less insurance and more and more insurance compa-nies managing people’s health care, and the managing insurance companies were actually following the lead of the Federal Government. The more we passed laws regarding health care and insurance, the more the Federal Government had a say in people’s health care and well-being and the more insurance companies moved into a management role, much as the Federal Government in Medicare and Medicaid moved into a governing role. This morning, I am meeting with constituents that are very caring indi-viduals and who provide health centers that are extremely affordable, very, very cheap, but provide quality care for people that can’t afford the care. They don’t have to go to the emergency room, which costs more than going to a clinic for minor matters. It saves a lot of money. It is a lot of cheaper. Of course, emergency room care is about the most expensive care you can get, and people who don’t have insur-ance often go and line up at emergency rooms, which drives up the cost of everybody’s health care and everybody’s health insurance. We can break the cycle of that. I understand there are very well- meaning friends on the Republican side of the aisle that think if we just give the Federal Government, give Health and Human Services, more power to control all of this, we have a guy in place that I do believe can do great things to cure the ills of health care. My problem is, if we don’t repeal the outrage known as ObamaCare, or the Affordable Care Act—which is really unaffordable—if we don’t actually re-peal it here in the House, have the Sen-ate repeal it, then no matter how much those in the executive branch and those in Health and Human Services, including my friend, the Secretary, no matter how much they do to help Americans, the next liberal that comes in, the next Kathleen Sebelius who comes in thinking she knows more about what is best for you than you do, then all of those great reforms will go out the window. Because the Secretary will have more authority and more ability to make regulation under the Republican proposed bill, then I am quite certain that somebody that comes in, like Kathleen Sebelius, who knows better what you need than you do, will make sure that the regulations and the overreach become even more burdensome. I totally understand the President’s frustration. He was told that the Re-publican bill would basically repeal ObamaCare. The truth is I totally agree with the President. We need to act to repeal ObamaCare. I stand with the President, through whatever hard-ship, to repeal ObamaCare. I have heard people referring already to the Republican bill as SwampCare. There are some good things in the bill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.013 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2586 March 30, 2017 
but it appears to analysts that I trust and have a reputation for being accu-rate that premiums will go up and that this bill is not going to really bring down health insurance costs and that they may go up for the next 2 years. Hopefully, in 2019, after Republicans have lost the majority because we didn’t keep our promise, they are pro-jecting that in 2019 the prices will go down maybe 10 percent if everything works out well. That would be good for the new Democratic majority because they will have taken office and they will get all the credit for costs coming down. Even though it is very slightly, they will get the credit, and Republicans will be left out to dry, which means the American Dream—freedom, entrepre-neurship, the ability to decide what health care you need, when, without government or an insurance company telling you otherwise—that dream of personal independence will be gone, and you will see a new America that begins to reflect the values of the former Soviet Union, which anybody that studies history like I majored in and never quit studying, you know there has never, ever been a time when socialism succeeded. It always has failed. It always will fail. Even the Apostle Paul’s effort to bring into the common storehouse and share and share alike, eventually he re-alized his error and that it is going to work in Heaven, but it is not going to work here. So, new rule: If you don’t work, you don’t eat. The Pilgrims, just a beautiful Com-pact: Bring into the common store-house, share and share alike. But after so many died that first winter, they re-alized: Maybe it will work out better if we let people have private property and they get to keep, use however they want, whatever they produce. What a great idea. That kind of entrepreneurship, that kind of encouragement and incentive in this world for people to do well, to control their own destiny, is what made America the greatest country in the history of the world. Now, as we proceeded over the years, we have moved toward more and more socialism, especially in the last 50 years. We have now allowed people like Bill Ayers to take over our educational facilities. They have been successful. I understand 30, 40 percent of young people coming out of college today think that socialism would be a good thing. Well, it would be in a perfect world, where everybody worked as hard as they could and then shared and shared alike, but we have seen in this world that will never work. The only way socialism remains as long as it does, as it did in the Soviet Union, is if you have a ruthless totalitarian gov-ernment that takes people’s freedom away. But even then, it is all going to be for nothing. We have an article from Mark Miller in Reuters, and the title is: ‘‘Repub-lican Health Reform Is the Real Dis-aster for Older Americans.’’ One of the things I have got to say, Mr. Speaker, I was hoping in our bill— since we know and we have talked about all these years since ObamaCare passed that it cuts $716 billion from Medicare, and seniors need help. They are beginning to experience rationed health care the way the VA has been administering to our veterans for too long. Hopefully, we will get that fixed. I don’t know the person that President Trump appointed to head up the VA. She has been part of the VA system, so I am concerned she may not be able to deliver on reenergizing the VA to actu-ally help veterans. With all the problems that have ex-isted across the Veterans Administra-tion, which are a clear example of what happens when a federal government takes complete charge of a medical system, and with all the veterans we have in record numbers committing suicide because they just feel so hope-less—they feel like there is nowhere to turn. The VA doesn’t help them. They have got nowhere to turn, and they do take that irreversible step of hopeless-ness. People that are seeing that in the VA now are coming and saying they want the Federal Government to have more control over people’s health care, kind of like the VA, because that is such a good thing. b1215 Do we need more people killing themselves in the general society at the levels of our precious veterans? I mean, let’s take care of our vet-erans. Let’s drop that to zero for vet-erans and let’s work on it for the gen-eral population. I do believe that the bill that my friend Dr. T
IMMURPHY helped push through, did such a great job on—it was bipartisan; we had people on both sides of the aisle working fervently on that bill—I think will be able to do some good. For 30 years or so the pen-dulum swung too far against people getting the mental health care they needed. So it is good to see that change. But, Mr. Speaker, this bill—I left at the end of the week last week, and I know a lot of people were down, and I was in part, but the other side was. I really felt like this was going to be a good week, we were going to come to-gether, we were going to discuss, we were going to find a way to come to-gether. I thought on Tuesday—Monday evening, as I saw our leadership getting together with members of our party, I thought: Yeah, I bet we can get some-thing by the end of the week. I got the feeling most of the Republicans felt if we don’t have a bill that we can agree on and get passed for the good of the American people, let’s actually take steps. Okay, our leadership said we can’t re-peal ObamaCare. Well, let’s repeal at least as much as we can. Let’s at least repeal as much as we did 2 years ago. Let’s at least not give more power to Health and Human Services. Let’s at least take out some of the require-ments from ObamaCare that have caused premiums to skyrocket. We are told: Well, trust HHS because they will be able to help bring down premiums so we don’t have to take that action in this body ourselves. For all of those who were ignorant and didn’t understand, the Freedom Caucus was trying to reach an agree-ment so that we could vote a bill out of this House, but those of us in the Free-dom Caucus all had heard over and over from constituents: You have got to do something to bring down the cost of our health insurance, of our health care. Our deductible is too high, we will never be able to get to our insur-ance help. Our premiums are so high. I heard from businesspeople that their costs have tripled in the last few years. They cannot afford to stay in business and keep paying these high premiums for their employees. They will have to leave them high and dry, which means they go to Medicaid. And I am really shocked that even people in the Obama administration would brag about adding millions of people to Med-icaid, which has not been the help that people needed. We were told: Oh, no, ObamaCare will drive them to great in-surance. No; it has driven millions to Med-icaid that is even worse than Medicare. So I know most of the Republicans on this side of the aisle believe that so many States have good solutions. So what is our solution to help the States? Gee, if we give more power to the Federal Government, then they could start a high-risk pool that will be able to pull people out of the insurance poli-cies where premiums are spiking, and then the Federal Government will run that for a while and then devolve it back to the States. I am sorry, Mr. Speaker, in my time in Congress and even my time on the bench as a judge and chief justice, I have watched government, and I just don’t trust government. That was something I shared with our Founders. That was something Justice Scalia told to a group from my home in Tyler. There were probably 50 or 60 seniors who came up. I asked: Is there something special you would like to see or do while you are here? They said: Well, you seem to be friends with Justice Scalia. Do you think we could meet him? Well, I will ask. Well, son of a gun, Justice Scalia found the time, and we met him over at the Supreme Court. He said: Well, what questions do you have? He didn’t start with a speech. He said: Well, okay, L
OUIE said you wanted to meet me. Here I am. What questions have you got? He leaned back against the table at the front of the room, and nobody said anything. He said: Oh, come on, I have taken time. I want to come here and let you meet me. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.039 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2587 March 30, 2017 
I loved how abrupt he was and straight to the point. He said: Come on, here I am, have the courage, ask your question. One of our seniors said: Well, Justice Scalia, would you say that the United States is the most free country in the history of the world because of our Bill of Rights, that it is the best ever? Justice Scalia surprised me, but then I thought, well, yeah, he is exactly right. He said: Oh, gosh, no. The Soviets had a better bill of rights than we have. It had a lot more rights in there. No, no, no. The reason we are the most free country in the history of the world is because the Founders did not trust government. So they gave us a Con-stitution that tried to put as many ob-stacles as it possibly could between people in Washington—at the time, first New York, Philadelphia, then Washington. But people at the Federal level creating laws or regulations, they wanted it as hard as possible. That is why the President is not a Prime Min-ister selected by the Congress. It is why we have three branches instead of one or two. They wanted to make it hard to pass laws. He went into further deliberation on that. It was very informative. He was exactly right. I studied the Soviet Gov-ernment. I remember in college when I was at Texas A&M I did a paper—and I got an A on it—about the Soviet Con-stitution, the Soviet rights. They did have more rights spelled out. But the trouble is, their founders wanted gov-ernment to do things, and trusted gov-ernment implicitly so that it was to-talitarian, so the bill of rights they wrote meant nothing, the Constitution meant nothing. That is where we are headed here, it is with bureaucrats having taken charge over people’s lives, their health care, their financial situations, usurp-ing or at least getting copies of peo-ple’s finance records. You used to have to get a warrant to do that. Now the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau just gets them when they want to. That should be illegal. It should be unconstitutional. It should require a warrant with probable cause established under oath that a crime has been committed and this person probably committed it. I used to sign warrants if probable cause was estab-lished. Not anymore. Under Obama, the Democratic Con-gress passed a law saying: Yeah, let them do whatever they want to some-how help us with our financial situa-tion. Well, when you combine what they have done with what the NSA, CIA, and Justice Department have done to in-vade people’s rights, we are severely limited in the privacy we once had. I know there were people who were shocked that Congress passed a bill re-garding internet privacy rights, but the fact is that our party should have done a better job of getting the mes-sage out of what it really did. It just repealed the intrusion that the Obama administration had with regulation and got us back to where we were a few years ago. So there are still protec-tions; it is just not the intrusiveness of the Federal Government that President Obama created. Some of us were convinced that he was not as concerned with privacy rights as we were or as others in Amer-ica were, and he was not as concerned about the United States’ control of the internet as we were because he gives away the ability to do websites to an international group instead of trusting the United States. That is different. President Obama didn’t trust the United States to be fair to the world. Those of us in Congress, at least on our side of the aisle, thought we would do a better job. I still think we will do a better job. What has been heartbreaking the last day and a half is to see it doesn’t ap-pear that Republican leaders are trying to work with conservatives to get to a solution. We have now seen the solu-tion is: go to war with those who want to stand on the Constitution; contact everybody who donates to the National Republican Congressional Committee, the National Republican Party, con-tact the big donors who donate to can-didates; and make sure they send mes-sages to all the Republicans that they better get on board and vote for a bill that those people who are calling never read, like some of us have, and that they didn’t research. They are just trusting the people they have been do-nating to to do the right thing. If that were the case, Republicans would have repealed ObamaCare a long time ago, and it would have been the first thing we took up in January, and we would never have had ObamaCare because Republicans would have stopped it when we did have the chance. We had multiple chances. But that is another story for another day. So I am sorry, this bill is going to ul-timately result in Republicans losing the majority. But that is not my num-ber one concern. Yes, it bothers me that I think this bill could lead to our loss of majority in 2018; and, yes, it concerns me that, from what I am hearing from friends across the aisle, the first thing they want to do if they get the majority in 2018 is impeach and remove from office Donald Trump. So it has really been amazing to see the war develop the last day and a half, that those in October who stood with the President when our leaders were saying: Forget Trump. Our numbers are clear, he has no chance of winning. So our best hope is for every Repub-lican Member to save yourself. Win your election so that when Hillary Clinton is President next January, we can, in the House, rein her in. But I am so grateful the rank and file of our party stood fast and said: No, if Trump doesn’t win, we are not going to rein in president Hillary Clinton. She will do whatever she wants. Heck, we couldn’t even get our party to impeach Koskinen when the guy clearly lied to us here. Other members of the Cabinet in the Obama adminis-tration clearly lied, and we couldn’t get our group together to remove per-juring people from the Cabinet? At least now, hopefully, we are going to get the documentation that shows the kind of crimes that were being committed in the last administration. But in the meantime, people are hurting. They need their premiums to come down. I know we can trust Health and Human Services in this adminis-tration to try to bring down costs. But the words of my late friend Justice Scalia: If you guys in Congress, with the power to repeal a bad bill, don’t have the guts to do it, don’t come run-ning across the street to us and ask us to repeal your bad bill. Heck, just go to the floor, repeal the bad law, and leave us alone. That is all I am asking, Mr. Speaker. The courts have not worked out ex-tremely well for people who love the Constitution in recent years, and I know the President is frustrated. He is probably nearly as frustrated as I am almost maybe. I am told that maybe some of these anti-Freedom Caucus tweets originated with his Chief of Staff Priebus. But I want to suggest, as Sam Ray-burn did when he was Speaker: My friends, Mr. Speaker, the Republican brothers and sisters are not your enemy. They are your friends. They want to repeal ObamaCare, bring down costs, get more control back to people. If we pass a bill that doesn’t bring down premiums and give the American people hope and not give more power to the government and hope they do a better job in this administration, then we will deserve to be voted out. I just hope, Mr. Speaker, we will do what we promised to do. I hope those who are getting calls and emails de-manding they call their representa-tives, if they have been big donors, tell their Congressmen to get on board with the bill. I hope they will trust us who are reading the bills on their behalf. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON ETHICS FOR THE  
115TH CONGRESS  H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ETHICS , March 29, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, House of Representatives, The Capitol, Washington, DC. M
R. SPEAKER : Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XI, I submit to the House the Rules of the Committee on Ethics for the 115th Congress for publication in the Congressional Record. Sincerely, S
USAN W. B ROOKS , Chairwoman. Enclosures. 
(Adopted March 22, 2017) F
OREWORD  The Committee on Ethics is unique in the House of Representatives. Consistent with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30MR7.040 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2588 March 30, 2017 
the duty to carry out its advisory and en-forcement responsibilities in an impartial manner, the Committee is the only standing committee of the House of Representatives the membership of which is divided evenly by party. These rules are intended to provide a fair procedural framework for the conduct of the Committee’s activities and to help en-sure that the Committee serves well the peo-ple of the United States, the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Members, officers, and employees of the House of Representatives. P
ARTI—G ENERAL COMMITTEE RULES  
RULE 1 . GENERAL PROVISIONS  (a) So far as applicable, these rules and the Rules of the House of Representatives shall be the rules of the Committee and any sub-committee. The Committee adopts these rules under the authority of clause 2(a)(1) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives, 115th Congress. (b) The rules of the Committee may be modified, amended, or repealed by a vote of a majority of the Committee. (c) When the interests of justice so require, the Committee, by a majority vote of its members, may adopt any special procedures, not inconsistent with these rules, deemed necessary to resolve a particular matter be-fore it. Copies of such special procedures shall be furnished to all parties in the mat-ter. (d) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-ber shall have access to such information that they request as necessary to conduct Committee business. 
RULE 2 . DEFINITIONS  (a) ‘‘Committee’’ means the Committee on Ethics. (b) ‘‘Complaint’’ means a written allega-tion of improper conduct against a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Rep-resentatives filed with the Committee with the intent to initiate an inquiry. (c) ‘‘Inquiry’’ means an investigation by an investigative subcommittee into allegations against a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives. (d) ‘‘Investigate,’’ ‘‘Investigating,’’ and/or ‘‘Investigation’’ mean review of the conduct of a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives that is conducted or authorized by the Committee, an inves-tigative subcommittee, or the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Com-mittee. (e) ‘‘Board’’ means the Board of the Office of Congressional Ethics. (f) ‘‘Referral’’ means a report sent to the Committee from the Board pursuant to House Rules and all applicable House Resolu-tions regarding the conduct of a House Mem-ber, officer, or employee, including any ac-companying findings or other supporting documentation. (g) ‘‘Investigative Subcommittee’’ means a subcommittee designated pursuant to Rule 19(a) to conduct an inquiry to determine if a Statement of Alleged Violation should be issued. (h) ‘‘Statement of Alleged Violation’’ means a formal charging document filed by an investigative subcommittee with the Committee containing specific allegations against a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives of a violation of the Code of Official Conduct, or of a law, rule, regulation, or other standard of con-duct applicable to the performance of official duties or the discharge of official respon-sibilities. (i) ‘‘Adjudicatory Subcommittee’’ means a subcommittee designated pursuant to Rule 23(a) that holds an adjudicatory hearing and determines whether the counts in a State-ment of Alleged Violation are proved by clear and convincing evidence. (j) ‘‘Sanction Hearing’’ means a Committee hearing to determine what sanction, if any, to adopt or to recommend to the House of Representatives. (k) ‘‘Respondent’’ means a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives who is the subject of a complaint filed with the Committee or who is the subject of an in-quiry or a Statement of Alleged Violation. (l) ‘‘Office of Advice and Education’’ refers to the Office established by section 803(i) of the Ethics Reform Act of 1989. The Office handles inquiries; prepares written opinions in response to specific requests; develops general guidance; and organizes seminars, workshops, and briefings for the benefit of the House of Representatives. (m) ‘‘Member’’ means a Representative in, or a Delegate to, or the Resident Commis-sioner to, the U.S. House of Representatives. RULE 3 . ADVISORY OPINIONS AND WAIVERS  (a) The Office of Advice and Education shall handle inquiries; prepare written opin-ions providing specific advice, including re-views of requests for privately-sponsored travel pursuant to the Committee’s travel regulations; develop general guidance; and organize seminars, workshops, and briefings for the benefit of the House of Representa-tives. (b) Any Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives may request a written opinion with respect to the propriety of any current or proposed conduct of such Member, officer, or employee. (c) The Office of Advice and Education may provide information and guidance regarding laws, rules, regulations, and other standards of conduct applicable to Members, officers, and employees in the performance of their duties or the discharge of their responsibil-ities. (d) In general, the Committee shall provide a written opinion to an individual only in re-sponse to a written request, and the written opinion shall address the conduct only of the inquiring individual, or of persons for whom the inquiring individual is responsible as em-ploying authority. (e) A written request for an opinion shall be addressed to the Chair of the Committee and shall include a complete and accurate statement of the relevant facts. A request shall be signed by the requester or the re-quester’s authorized representative or em-ploying authority. A representative shall disclose to the Committee the identity of the principal on whose behalf advice is being sought. (f) Requests for privately-sponsored travel shall be treated like any other request for a written opinion for purposes of paragraphs (g) through (l). (1) The Committee’s Travel Guidelines and Regulations shall govern the request submis-sion and Committee approval process for pri-vately-sponsored travel consistent with House Rules. (2) A request for privately-sponsored travel of a Member, officer, or employee shall in-clude a completed and signed Traveler Form that attaches the Private Sponsor Certifi-cation Form and includes all information re-quired by the Committee’s travel regula-tions. A private sponsor offering officially- connected travel to a Member, officer, or em-ployee must complete and sign a Private Sponsor Certification Form, and provide a copy of that form to the invitee(s). (3) Any individual who knowingly and will-fully falsifies, or who knowingly and will-fully fails to file, a Traveler Form or Private Sponsor Certification Form may be subject to civil penalties and criminal sanctions pur-suant to 18 U.S.C. §1001. (g) The Office of Advice and Education shall prepare for the Committee a response to each written request for an opinion from a Member, officer, or employee. Each re-sponse shall discuss all applicable laws, rules, regulations, or other standards. (h) Where a request is unclear or incom-plete, the Office of Advice and Education may seek additional information from the requester. (i) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-ber are authorized to take action on behalf of the Committee on any proposed written opinion that they determine does not require consideration by the Committee. If the Chair or Ranking Minority Member requests a written opinion, or seeks a waiver, exten-sion, or approval pursuant to Rules 3(m), 4(c), 4(e), or 4(h), the next ranking member of the requester’s party is authorized to act in lieu of the requester. (j) The Committee shall keep confidential any request for advice from a Member, offi-cer, or employee, as well as any response thereto. Upon request of any Member, offi-cer, or employee who has submitted a writ-ten request for an opinion or submitted a re-quest for privately-sponsored travel, the Committee may release to the requesting in-dividual a copy of their own written request for advice or submitted travel forms, any subsequent written communications between such individual and Committee staff regard-ing the request, and any Committee advisory opinion or travel letter issued to that indi-vidual in response. The Committee shall not release any internal Committee staff work product, communications, or notes in re-sponse to such a request, except as author-ized by the Committee. (k) The Committee may take no adverse action in regard to any conduct that has been undertaken in reliance on a written opinion if the conduct conforms to the spe-cific facts addressed in the opinion. (l) Information provided to the Committee by a Member, officer, or employee seeking advice regarding prospective conduct may not be used as the basis for initiating an in-vestigation under clause 3(a)(2) or clause 3(b) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives, if such Member, officer, or em-ployee acts in good faith in accordance with the written advice of the Committee. (m) A written request for a waiver of clause 5 of House Rule XXV (the House gift rule), or for any other waiver or approval, shall be treated in all respects like any other request for a written opinion. (n) A written request for a waiver of clause 5 of House Rule XXV (the House gift rule) shall specify the nature of the waiver being sought and the specific circumstances justi-fying the waiver. (o) An employee seeking a waiver of time limits applicable to travel paid for by a pri-vate source shall include with the request evidence that the employing authority is aware of the request. In any other instance where proposed employee conduct may re-flect on the performance of official duties, the Committee may require that the re-quester submit evidence that the employing authority knows of the conduct. 
RULE 4 . FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  (a) In matters relating to Title I of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, the Com-mittee shall coordinate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives, Legislative Re-source Center, to assure that appropriate in-dividuals are notified of their obligation to file reports required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act and that such individuals are provided in a timely fashion with filing instructions and forms developed by the Committee. (b) The Committee shall coordinate with the Legislative Resource Center to assure that information that the Ethics in Govern-ment Act requires to be placed on the public record is made public. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.028 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2589 March 30, 2017 
(c) Any reports required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act filed by Members of the Board of the Office of Congressional Ethics that are forwarded to the Committee by the Clerk shall not be sub-ject to paragraphs (d) through (q) of this Rule. The Office of Congressional Ethics re-tains jurisdiction over review of the timeli-ness and completeness of filings by Members of the Board as the Board’s supervising eth-ics office. (d) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-ber are authorized to grant on behalf of the Committee requests for reasonable exten-sions of time for the filing of Financial Dis-closure Statements. Any such request must be received by the Committee no later than the date on which the Statement in question is due. A request received after such date may be granted by the Committee only in extraordinary circumstances. Such exten-sions for one individual in a calendar year shall not exceed a total of 90 days. No exten-sion shall be granted authorizing a non-incumbent candidate to file a statement later than 30 days prior to a primary or gen-eral election in which the candidate is par-ticipating. (e) An individual who takes legally suffi-cient action to withdraw as a candidate be-fore the date on which that individual’s Fi-nancial Disclosure Statement is due under the Ethics in Government Act shall not be required to file a Statement. An individual shall not be excused from filing a Financial Disclosure Statement when withdrawal as a candidate occurs after the date on which such Statement was due. (f) Any individual who files a report re-quired to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act more than 30 days after the later of— (1) the date such report is required to be filed, or (2) if a filing extension is granted to such individual, the last day of the filing exten-sion period, is required by such Act to pay a late filing fee of $200. The Chair and Ranking Minority Member are authorized to approve requests that the fee be waived based on ex-traordinary circumstances. (g) Any late report that is submitted with-out a required filing fee shall be deemed pro-cedurally deficient and not properly filed. (h) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-ber are authorized to approve requests for waivers of the aggregation and reporting of gifts as provided by section 102(a)(2)(C) of the Ethics in Government Act. If such a request is approved, both the incoming request and the Committee response shall be forwarded to the Legislative Resource Center for place-ment on the public record. (i) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-ber are authorized to approve blind trusts as qualifying under section 102(f)(3) of the Eth-ics in Government Act. The correspondence relating to formal approval of a blind trust, the trust document, the list of assets trans-ferred to the trust, and any other documents required by law to be made public, shall be forwarded to the Legislative Resource Center for such purpose. (j) The Committee shall designate staff who shall review reports required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act and, based upon information contained therein, indicate in a form and manner pre-scribed by the Committee whether the State-ment appears substantially accurate and complete and the filer appears to be in com-pliance with applicable laws and rules. (k) Each report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act shall be reviewed within 60 days after the date of filing. (l) If the reviewing staff believes that addi-tional information is required because (1) the report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act appears not substantially accurate or complete, or (2) the filer may not be in compliance with applica-ble laws or rules, then the reporting indi-vidual shall be notified in writing of the ad-ditional information believed to be required, or of the law or rule with which the report-ing individual does not appear to be in com-pliance. Such notice shall also state the time within which a response is to be submitted. Any such notice shall remain confidential. (m) Within the time specified, including any extension granted in accordance with clause (d), a reporting individual who con-curs with the Committee’s notification that the report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act is not com-plete, or that other action is required, shall submit the necessary information or take appropriate action. Any amendment may be in the form of a revised report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Govern-ment Act or an explanatory letter addressed to the Clerk of the House of Representatives. (n) Any amendment shall be placed on the public record in the same manner as other reports required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act. The indi-vidual designated by the Committee to re-view the original report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act shall review any amendment thereto. (o) Within the time specified, including any extension granted in accordance with clause (d), a reporting individual who does not agree with the Committee that the re-port required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act is deficient or that other action is required, shall be pro-vided an opportunity to respond orally or in writing. If the explanation is accepted, a copy of the response, if written, or a note summarizing an oral response, shall be re-tained in Committee files with the original report. (p) The Committee shall be the final arbi-ter of whether any report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Government Act requires clarification or amendment. (q) If the Committee determines, by vote of a majority of its members, that there is rea-son to believe that an individual has will-fully failed to file a report required to be filed under Title I of the Ethics in Govern-ment Act or has willfully falsified or will-fully failed to file information required to be reported, then the Committee shall refer the name of the individual, together with the evidence supporting its finding, to the Attor-ney General pursuant to section 104(b) of the Ethics in Government Act. Such referral shall not preclude the Committee from initi-ating such other action as may be authorized by other provisions of law or the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
RULE 5 . MEETINGS  (a) The regular meeting day of the Com-mittee shall be the second Tuesday of each month, except when the House of Represent-atives is not meeting on that day. When the Committee Chair determines that there is sufficient reason, meetings may be called on additional days. A regularly scheduled meet-ing need not be held when the Chair deter-mines there is no business to be considered. (b) The Chair shall establish the agenda for meetings of the Committee, and the Ranking Minority Member may place additional items on the agenda. (c) All meetings of the Committee or any subcommittee shall occur in executive ses-sion unless the Committee or subcommittee, by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members, opens the meeting to the public. (d) Any hearing held by an adjudicatory subcommittee, or any sanction hearing held by the Committee, shall be open to the pub-lic unless the Committee or subcommittee, by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members, closes the hearing to the public. (e) A subcommittee shall meet at the dis-cretion of its Chair. (f) Insofar as practicable, notice for any Committee or subcommittee meeting shall be provided at least seven days in advance of the meeting. The Chair of the Committee or subcommittee may waive such time period for good cause. RULE 6 . COMMITTEE STAFF  (a) The staff is to be assembled and re-tained as a professional, nonpartisan staff. (b) Each member of the staff shall be pro-fessional and demonstrably qualified for the position for which the individual is hired. (c) The staff as a whole and each individual member of the staff shall perform all official duties in a nonpartisan manner. (d) No member of the staff shall engage in any partisan political activity directly af-fecting any congressional or presidential election. (e) No member of the staff or outside coun-sel may accept public speaking engagements or write for publication on any subject that is in any way related to the employment or duties with the Committee of such individual without specific prior approval from the Chair and Ranking Minority Member. (f) All staff members shall be appointed by an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee. Such vote shall occur at the first meeting of the membership of the Committee during each Congress and as necessary during the Congress. (g) Subject to the approval of the Com-mittee on House Administration, the Com-mittee may retain counsel not employed by the House of Representatives whenever the Committee determines, by an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee, that the retention of outside counsel is necessary and appropriate. (h) If the Committee determines that it is necessary to retain staff members for the purpose of a particular investigation or other proceeding, then such staff shall be re-tained only for the duration of that par-ticular investigation or proceeding. (i) Outside counsel may be dismissed prior to the end of a contract between the Com-mittee and such counsel only by a majority vote of the members of the Committee. (j) In addition to any other staff provided for by law, rule, or other authority, with re-spect to the Committee, the Chair and Rank-ing Minority Member each may appoint one individual as a shared staff member from the respective personal staff of the Chair or Ranking Minority Member to perform serv-ice for the Committee. Such shared staff may assist the Chair or Ranking Minority Member on any subcommittee on which the Chair or Ranking Minority Member serves. Only paragraphs (c) and (e) of this Rule and Rule 7(b) shall apply to shared staff. 
RULE 7 . CONFIDENTIALITY  (a) Before any Member or employee of the Committee, including members of an inves-tigative subcommittee selected under clause 5(a)(4) of Rule X of the House of Representa-tives and shared staff designated pursuant to Committee Rule 6(j), may have access to in-formation that is confidential under the rules of the Committee, the following oath (or affirmation) shall be executed in writing: ‘‘I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will not disclose, to any person or entity outside the Committee on Ethics, any information received in the course of my service with the Committee, except as authorized by the Committee or in accordance with its rules.’’ Copies of the executed oath shall be pro-vided to the Clerk of the House as part of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.029 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2590 March 30, 2017 
records of the House. Breaches of confiden-tiality shall be investigated by the Com-mittee and appropriate action shall be taken. (b) No member of the staff or outside coun-sel may make public, unless approved by an affirmative vote of a majority of the mem-bers of the Committee, any information, doc-ument, or other material that is confiden-tial, derived from executive session, or clas-sified and that is obtained during the course of employment with the Committee. (c) Committee members and staff shall not disclose any evidence relating to an inves-tigation to any person or organization out-side the Committee unless authorized by the Committee. (d) Members and staff of the Committee shall not disclose to any person or organiza-tion outside the Committee, unless author-ized by the Committee, any information re-garding the Committee’s or a subcommit-tee’s investigative, adjudicatory, or other proceedings, including but not limited to: (i) the fact or nature of any complaints; (ii) ex-ecutive session proceedings; (iii) information pertaining to or copies of any Committee or subcommittee report, study or other docu-ment which purports to express the views, findings, conclusions or recommendations of the Committee or subcommittee in connec-tion with any of its activities or proceedings; or (iv) any other information or allegation respecting the conduct of a Member, officer, or employee of the House. This rule shall not prohibit the Chair or Ranking Minority Member from disclosing to the Board of the Office of Congressional Ethics the existence of a Committee investigation, the name of the Member, officer or employee of the House who is the subject of that investiga-tion, and a brief statement of the scope of that investigation in a written request for referral pursuant to Rule 17A(k). Such dis-closures will only be made subject to written confirmation from the Board that the infor-mation provided by the Chair or Ranking Mi-nority Member will be kept confidential by the Board. (e) Except as otherwise specifically author-ized by the Committee, no Committee mem-ber or staff member shall disclose to any per-son outside the Committee the name of any witness subpoenaed to testify or to produce evidence. (f) Except as provided in Rule 17A, the Committee shall not disclose to any person or organization outside the Committee any information concerning the conduct of a re-spondent until it has transmitted a State-ment of Alleged Violation to such respond-ent and the respondent has been given full opportunity to respond pursuant to Rule 22. The Statement of Alleged Violation and any written response thereto shall be made pub-lic at the first meeting or hearing on the matter that is open to the public after such opportunity has been provided. Any other materials in the possession of the Committee regarding such statement may be made pub-lic as authorized by the Committee to the extent consistent with the Rules of the House of Representatives. If no public hear-ing is held on the matter, the Statement of Alleged Violation and any written response thereto shall be included in the Committee’s final report on the matter to the House of Representatives. (g) Unless otherwise determined by a vote of the Committee, only the Chair or Ranking Minority Member of the Committee, after consultation with each other, may make public statements regarding matters before the Committee or any subcommittee. (h) The Committee may establish proce-dures necessary to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of any testimony or other infor-mation received by the Committee or its staff. RULE 8 . SUBCOMMITTEES —GENERAL POLICY AND  
STRUCTURE  (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee may consult with an investigative subcommittee either on their own initiative or on the initiative of the subcommittee, shall have access to evi-dence and information before a sub-committee with whom they so consult, and shall not thereby be precluded from serving as full, voting members of any adjudicatory subcommittee. Except for the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee pursuant to this paragraph, evidence in the possession of an investigative subcommittee shall not be disclosed to other Committee members except by a vote of the sub-committee. (b) The Committee may establish other noninvestigative and nonadjudicatory sub-committees and may assign to them such functions as it may deem appropriate. The membership of each subcommittee shall pro-vide equal representation for the majority and minority parties. (c) The Chair may refer any bill, resolu-tion, or other matter before the Committee to an appropriate subcommittee for consid-eration. Any such bill, resolution, or other matter may be discharged from the sub-committee to which it was referred by a ma-jority vote of the Committee. (d) Any member of the Committee may sit with any noninvestigative or nonadjudica-tory subcommittee, but only regular mem-bers of such subcommittee may vote on any matter before that subcommittee. 
RULE 9 . QUORUMS AND MEMBER  
DISQUALIFICATION  (a) The quorum for the Committee or an investigative subcommittee to take testi-mony and to receive evidence shall be two members, unless otherwise authorized by the House of Representatives. (b) The quorum for an adjudicatory sub-committee to take testimony, receive evi-dence, or conduct business shall consist of a majority plus one of the members of the ad-judicatory subcommittee. (c) Except as stated in clauses (a) and (b) of this rule, a quorum for the purpose of con-ducting business consists of a majority of the members of the Committee or sub-committee. (d) A member of the Committee shall be in-eligible to participate in any Committee or subcommittee proceeding in which such Member is the respondent. (e) A member of the Committee may seek disqualification from participating in any in-vestigation of the conduct of a Member, offi-cer, or employee of the House of Representa-tives upon the submission in writing and under oath of an affidavit of disqualification stating that the member cannot render an impartial and unbiased decision. If the Com-mittee approves and accepts such affidavit of disqualification, the Chair shall so notify the Speaker and ask the Speaker to designate a Member of the House of Representatives from the same political party as the dis-qualified member of the Committee to act as a member of the Committee in any Com-mittee proceeding relating to such investiga-tion. 
RULE 10 . VOTE REQUIREMENTS  (a) The following actions shall be taken only upon an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee or sub-committee, as appropriate: (1) Issuing a subpoena. (2) Adopting a full Committee motion to create an investigative subcommittee. (3) Adopting or amending of a Statement of Alleged Violation. (4) Finding that a count in a Statement of Alleged Violation has been proved by clear and convincing evidence. (5) Sending a letter of reproval. (6) Adopting a recommendation to the House of Representatives that a sanction be imposed. (7) Adopting a report relating to the con-duct of a Member, officer, or employee. (8) Issuing an advisory opinion of general applicability establishing new policy. (b) Except as stated in clause (a), action may be taken by the Committee or any sub-committee thereof by a simple majority, a quorum being present. (c) No motion made to take any of the ac-tions enumerated in clause (a) of this Rule may be entertained by the Chair unless a quorum of the Committee is present when such motion is made. RULE 11 . COMMITTEE RECORDS  (a) All communications and all pleadings pursuant to these rules shall be filed with the Committee at the Committee’s office or such other place as designated by the Com-mittee. (b) All records of the Committee which have been delivered to the Archivist of the United States shall be made available to the public in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
RULE 12 . BROADCASTS OF COMMITTEE AND  
SUBCOMMITTEE PROCEEDINGS  (a) Television or radio coverage of a Com-mittee or subcommittee hearing or meeting shall be without commercial sponsorship. (b) Not more than four television cameras, operating from fixed positions, shall be per-mitted in a hearing or meeting room. The Committee may allocate the positions of permitted television cameras among the tel-evision media in consultation with the Exec-utive Committee of the Radio and Television Correspondents’ Galleries. (c) Television cameras shall be placed so as not to obstruct in any way the space between any witness giving evidence or testimony and any member of the Committee, or the visibility of that witness and that member to each other. (d) Television cameras shall not be placed in positions that unnecessarily obstruct the coverage of the hearing or meeting by the other media. P
ARTII—I NVESTIGATIVE AUTHORITY  
RULE 13 . HOUSE RESOLUTION  Whenever the House of Representatives, by resolution, authorizes or directs the Com-mittee to undertake an inquiry or investiga-tion, the provisions of the resolution, in con-junction with these Rules, shall govern. To the extent the provisions of the resolution differ from these Rules, the resolution shall control. 
RULE 14 . COMMITTEE AUTHORITY TO  
INVESTIGATE —GENERAL POLICY  (a) Pursuant to clause 3(b) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee may exercise its investiga-tive authority when: (1) information offered as a complaint by a Member of the House of Representatives is transmitted directly to the Committee; (2) information offered as a complaint by an individual not a Member of the House is transmitted to the Committee, provided that a Member of the House certifies in writing that such Member believes the information is submitted in good faith and warrants the review and consideration of the Committee; (3) the Committee, on its own initiative, undertakes an investigation; (4) a Member, officer, or employee is con-victed in a Federal, State, or local court of a felony; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.031 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2591 March 30, 2017 
(5) the House of Representatives, by resolu-tion, authorizes or directs the Committee to undertake an inquiry or investigation; or (6) a referral from the Board is transmitted to the Committee. (b) The Committee also has investigatory authority over: (1) certain unauthorized disclosures of in-telligence-related information, pursuant to House Rule X, clauses 11(g)(4) and (g)(5); and (2) reports received from the Office of the Inspector General pursuant to House Rule II, clause 6(c)(5). 
RULE 15 . COMPLAINTS  (a) A complaint submitted to the Com-mittee shall be in writing, dated, and prop-erly verified (a document will be considered properly verified where a notary executes it with the language, ‘‘Signed and sworn to (or affirmed) before me on (date) by (the name of the person))’’ setting forth in simple, con-cise, and direct statements— (1) the name and legal address of the party filing the complaint (hereinafter referred to as the ‘‘complainant’’); (2) the name and position or title of the re-spondent; (3) the nature of the alleged violation of the Code of Official Conduct or of other law, rule, regulation, or other standard of con-duct applicable to the performance of duties or discharge of responsibilities; and (4) the facts alleged to give rise to the vio-lation. The complaint shall not contain in-nuendo, speculative assertions, or conclusory statements. (b) Any documents in the possession of the complainant that relate to the allegations may be submitted with the complaint. (c) Information offered as a complaint by a Member of the House of Representatives may be transmitted directly to the Committee. (d) Information offered as a complaint by an individual not a Member of the House may be transmitted to the Committee, pro-vided that a Member of the House certifies in writing that such Member believes the infor-mation is submitted in good faith and war-rants the review and consideration of the Committee. (e) A complaint must be accompanied by a certification, which may be unsworn, that the complainant has provided an exact copy of the filed complaint and all attachments to the respondent. (f) The Committee may defer action on a complaint against a Member, officer, or em-ployee of the House of Representatives when the complaint alleges conduct that the Com-mittee has reason to believe is being re-viewed by appropriate law enforcement or regulatory authorities, or when the Com-mittee determines that it is appropriate for the conduct alleged in the complaint to be reviewed initially by law enforcement or reg-ulatory authorities. (g) A complaint may not be amended with-out leave of the Committee. Otherwise, any new allegations of improper conduct must be submitted in a new complaint that independ-ently meets the procedural requirements of the Rules of the House of Representatives and the Committee’s Rules. (h) The Committee shall not accept, and shall return to the complainant, any com-plaint submitted within the 60 days prior to an election in which the subject of the com-plaint is a candidate. (i) The Committee shall not consider a complaint, nor shall any investigation be un-dertaken by the Committee, of any alleged violation which occurred before the third previous Congress unless the Committee de-termines that the alleged violation is di-rectly related to an alleged violation which occurred in a more recent Congress. RULE 16 . DUTIES OF COMMITTEE CHAIR AND  
RANKING MINORITY MEMBER  (a) Whenever information offered as a com-plaint is submitted to the Committee, the Chair and Ranking Minority Member shall have 14 calendar days or 5 legislative days, whichever occurs first, to determine whether the information meets the requirements of the Committee’s rules for what constitutes a complaint. (b) Whenever the Chair and Ranking Mi-nority Member jointly determine that infor-mation submitted to the Committee meets the requirements of the Committee’s rules for what constitutes a complaint, they shall have 45 calendar days or 5 legislative days, whichever is later, after the date that the Chair and Ranking Minority Member deter-mine that information filed meets the re-quirements of the Committee’s rules for what constitutes a complaint, unless the Committee by an affirmative vote of a ma-jority of its members votes otherwise, to— (1) recommend to the Committee that it dispose of the complaint, or any portion thereof, in any manner that does not require action by the House, which may include dis-missal of the complaint or resolution of the complaint by a letter to the Member, officer, or employee of the House against whom the complaint is made; (2) establish an investigative sub-committee; or (3) request that the Committee extend the applicable 45-calendar day period when they determine more time is necessary in order to make a recommendation under paragraph (1) or (2) of Rule 16(b). (c) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-ber may jointly gather additional informa-tion concerning alleged conduct which is the basis of a complaint or of information of-fered as a complaint until they have estab-lished an investigative subcommittee or the Chair or Ranking Minority Member has placed on the agenda the issue of whether to establish an investigative subcommittee. (d) If the Chair and Ranking Minority Member jointly determine that information submitted to the Committee meets the re-quirements of the Committee rules for what constitutes a complaint, and the complaint is not disposed of within 45 calendar days or 5 legislative days, whichever is later, and no additional 45-day extension is made, then they shall establish an investigative sub-committee and forward the complaint, or any portion thereof, to that subcommittee for its consideration. If at any time during the time period either the Chair or Ranking Minority Member places on the agenda the issue of whether to establish an investigative subcommittee, then an investigative sub-committee may be established only by an af-firmative vote of a majority of the members of the Committee. (e) Whenever the Chair and Ranking Mi-nority Member jointly determine that infor-mation submitted to the Committee does not meet the requirements for what constitutes a complaint set forth in the Committee rules, they may (1) return the information to the complainant with a statement that it fails to meet the requirements for what con-stitutes a complaint set forth in the Com-mittee’s rules; or (2) recommend to the Com-mittee that it authorize the establishment of an investigative subcommittee. 
RULE 17 . PROCESSING OF COMPLAINTS  (a) If a complaint is in compliance with House and Committee Rules, a copy of the complaint and the Committee Rules shall be forwarded to the respondent within 5 days with notice that the complaint conforms to the applicable rules. (b) The respondent may, within 30 days of the Committee’s notification, provide to the Committee any information relevant to a complaint filed with the Committee. The re-spondent may submit a written statement in response to the complaint. Such a statement shall be signed by the respondent. If the statement is prepared by counsel for the re-spondent, the respondent shall sign a rep-resentation that the respondent has reviewed the response and agrees with the factual as-sertions contained therein. (c) The Committee staff may request infor-mation from the respondent or obtain addi-tional information relevant to the case from other sources prior to the establishment of an investigative subcommittee only when so directed by the Chair and Ranking Minority Member. (d) The respondent shall be notified in writing regarding the Committee’s decision either to dismiss the complaint or to create an investigative subcommittee. RULE 17A . REFERRALS FROM THE BOARD OF THE  
OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL ETHICS  (a) The Committee has exclusive jurisdic-tion over the interpretation, administration, and enforcement of the Code of Official Con-duct pursuant to clause 1(g) of House Rule X. Receipt of referrals from the Board under this rule does not limit the Committee’s dis-cretion to address referrals in any way through the appropriate procedures author-ized by Committee Rules. The Committee shall review the report and findings trans-mitted by the Board without prejudice or presumptions as to the merit of the allega-tions. (b)(1) Whenever the Committee receives ei-ther (A) a referral containing a written re-port and any findings and supporting docu-mentation from the Board; or (B) a referral from the Board pursuant to a request under Rule 17A(k), the Chair shall have 45 calendar days or 5 legislative days after the date the referral is received, whichever is later, to make public the report and findings of the Board unless the Chair and Ranking Minor-ity Member jointly decide, or the Committee votes, to withhold such information for not more than one additional 45-day period. (2) At least one calendar day before the Committee makes public any report and findings of the Board, the Chair shall notify in writing the Board and the Member, offi-cer, or employee who is the subject of the re-ferral of the impending public release of these documents. At the same time, the Chair shall transmit a copy of any public statement on the Committee’s disposition of the matter and any accompanying Com-mittee report to the individual who is the subject of the referral. (3) All public statements and reports and findings of the Board that are required to be made public under this Rule shall be posted on the Committee’s website. (c) If the OCE report and findings are with-held for an additional 45-day period pursuant to paragraph (b)(1), the Chair shall— (1) make a public statement on the day of such decision or vote that the matter re-ferred from the Board has been extended; and (2) make public the written report and findings pursuant to paragraph (b) upon the termination of such additional period. (d) If the Board transmits a report with a recommendation to dismiss or noting a mat-ter as unresolved due to a tie vote, and the matter is extended for an additional period as provided in paragraph (b), the Committee is not required to make a public statement that the matter has been extended pursuant to paragraph (b)(1). (e) If the Committee votes to dismiss a matter referred from the Board, the Com-mittee is not required to make public the written report and findings of the Board pur-suant to paragraph (c) unless the Commit-tee’s vote is inconsistent with the rec-ommendation of the Board. A vote by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.033 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2592 March 30, 2017 
Committee to dismiss a matter is not consid-ered inconsistent with a report from the Board that the matter is unresolved by the Board due to a tie vote. (f) Except as provided by paragraph (g): (1) If the Committee establishes an inves-tigative subcommittee respecting any mat-ter referred by the Board, then the report and findings of the Board shall not be made public until the conclusion of the investiga-tive subcommittee process. The Committee shall issue a public statement noting the es-tablishment of an investigative sub-committee, which shall include the name of the Member, officer, or employee who is the subject of the inquiry, and shall set forth the alleged violation. (2) If any such investigative subcommittee does not conclude its review within one year after the Board’s referral, then the Com-mittee shall make public the report of the Board no later than one year after the refer-ral. If the investigative subcommittee does not conclude its review before the end of the Congress in which the report of the Board is made public, the Committee shall make pub-lic any findings of the Board on the last day of that Congress. (g) If the vote of the Committee is a tie or the Committee fails to act by the close of any applicable period(s) under this rule, the report and the findings of the Board shall be made public by the Committee, along with a public statement by the Chair explaining the status of the matter. (h)(1) If the Committee agrees to a request from an appropriate law enforcement or reg-ulatory authority to defer taking action on a matter referred by the Board under para-graph (b)— (A) The Committee is not required to make public the written report and findings of the Board pursuant to paragraph (c), except that if the recommendation of the Board is that the matter requires further review, the Com-mittee shall make public the written report of the Board but not the findings; and (B) The Committee shall make a public statement that it is deferring taking action on the matter at the request of such law en-forcement or regulatory authority within one day (excluding weekends and public holi-days) of the day that the Committee agrees to the request. (2) If the Committee has not acted on the matter within one year of the date the public statement described in paragraph (h)(1)(B) is released, the Committee shall make a public statement that it continues to defer taking action on the matter. The Committee shall make a new statement upon the expiration of each succeeding one-year period during which the Committee has not acted on the matter. (i) The Committee shall not accept, and shall return to the Board, any referral from the Board within 60 days before a Federal, State, or local election in which the subject of the referral is a candidate. (j) The Committee may postpone any re-porting requirement under this rule that falls within that 60-day period until after the date of the election in which the subject of the referral is a candidate. For purposes of calculating any applicable period under this Rule, any days within the 60-day period be-fore such an election shall not be counted. (k)(1) At any time after the Committee re-ceives written notification from the Board of the Office of Congressional Ethics that the Board is undertaking a review of alleged con-duct of any Member, officer, or employee of the House at a time when the Committee is investigating, or has completed an investiga-tion of the same matter, the Committee may so notify the Board in writing and request that the Board cease its review and refer the matter to the Committee for its consider-ation immediately. The Committee shall also notify the Board in writing if the Com-mittee has not reached a final resolution of the matter or has not referred the matter to the appropriate Federal or State authorities by the end of any applicable time period specified in Rule 17A (including any permis-sible extension). (2) The Committee may not request a sec-ond referral of the matter from the Board if the Committee has notified the Board that it is unable to resolve the matter previously re-quested pursuant to this section. The Board may subsequently send a referral regarding a matter previously requested and returned by the Committee after the conclusion of the Board’s review process. 
RULE 18 . COMMITTEE -INITIATED INQUIRY OR  
INVESTIGATION  (a) Notwithstanding the absence of a filed complaint, the Committee may consider any information in its possession indicating that a Member, officer, or employee may have committed a violation of the Code of Official Conduct or any law, rule, regulation, or other standard of conduct applicable to the conduct of such Member, officer, or em-ployee in the performance of the duties or the discharge of the responsibilities of such individual. The Chair and Ranking Minority Member may jointly gather additional infor-mation concerning such an alleged violation by a Member, officer, or employee unless and until an investigative subcommittee has been established. The Chair and Ranking Mi-nority Member may also jointly take appro-priate action consistent with Committee Rules to resolve the matter. (b) If the Committee votes to establish an investigative subcommittee, the Committee shall proceed in accordance with Rule 19. (c) Any written request by a Member, offi-cer, or employee of the House of Representa-tives that the Committee conduct an inves-tigation into such person’s own conduct shall be considered in accordance with sub-section (a) of this Rule. (d) An inquiry shall not be undertaken re-garding any alleged violation that occurred before the third previous Congress unless a majority of the Committee determines that the alleged violation is directly related to an alleged violation that occurred in a more re-cent Congress. (e)(1) An inquiry shall be undertaken by an investigative subcommittee with regard to any felony conviction of a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives in a Federal, State, or local court who has been sentenced. Notwithstanding this provi-sion, the Committee has the discretion to initiate an inquiry upon an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Com-mittee at any time prior to conviction or sentencing. (2) Not later than 30 days after a Member of the House is indicted or otherwise for-mally charged with criminal conduct in any Federal, State, or local court, the Com-mittee shall either initiate an inquiry upon a majority vote of the members of the Com-mittee or submit a report to the House de-scribing its reasons for not initiating an in-quiry and describing the actions, if any, that the Committee has taken in response to the allegations. 
RULE 19 . INVESTIGATIVE SUBCOMMITTEE  (a)(1) Upon the establishment of an inves-tigative subcommittee, the Chair and Rank-ing Minority Member of the Committee shall designate four members (with equal rep-resentation from the majority and minority parties) to serve as an investigative sub-committee to undertake an inquiry. Mem-bers of the Committee and Members of the House selected pursuant to clause 5(a)(4)(A) of Rule X of the House of Representatives are eligible for appointment to an investiga-tive subcommittee, as determined by the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. At the time of appointment, the Chair shall designate one member of the sub-committee to serve as the Chair and the Ranking Minority Member shall designate one member of the subcommittee to serve as the ranking minority member of the inves-tigative subcommittee. The Chair and Rank-ing Minority Member of the Committee may serve as members of an investigative sub-committee, but may not serve as non-voting, ex-officio members. (2) The respondent shall be notified of the membership of the investigative sub-committee and shall have 10 days after such notice is transmitted to object to the par-ticipation of any subcommittee member. Such objection shall be in writing and must be on the grounds that the subcommittee member cannot render an impartial and un-biased decision. The members of the Com-mittee shall engage in a collegial discussion regarding such objection. The subcommittee member against whom the objection is made shall be the sole judge of any disqualifica-tion and may choose to seek disqualification from participating in the inquiry pursuant to Rule 9(e). (b) In an inquiry undertaken by an inves-tigative subcommittee— (1) All proceedings, including the taking of testimony, shall be conducted in executive session and all testimony taken by deposi-tion or things produced pursuant to sub-poena or otherwise shall be deemed to have been taken or produced in executive session. (2) The Chair of the investigative sub-committee shall ask the respondent and all witnesses whether they intend to be rep-resented by counsel. If so, the respondent or witnesses or their legal representatives shall provide written designation of counsel. A re-spondent or witness who is represented by counsel shall not be questioned in the ab-sence of counsel unless an explicit waiver is obtained. (3) The subcommittee shall provide the re-spondent an opportunity to present, orally or in writing, a statement, which must be under oath or affirmation, regarding the al-legations and any other relevant questions arising out of the inquiry. (4) The staff may interview witnesses, ex-amine documents and other evidence, and re-quest that submitted statements be under oath or affirmation and that documents be certified as to their authenticity and accu-racy. (5) The subcommittee, by a majority vote of its members, may require, by subpoena or otherwise, the attendance and testimony of witnesses and the production of such books, records, correspondence, memoranda, papers, documents, and other items as it deems nec-essary to the conduct of the inquiry. Unless the Committee otherwise provides, the sub-poena power shall rest in the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee and a subpoena shall be issued upon the re-quest of the investigative subcommittee. (6) The subcommittee shall require that testimony be given under oath or affirma-tion. The form of the oath or affirmation shall be: ‘‘Do you solemnly swear (or affirm) that the testimony you will give before this subcommittee in the matter now under con-sideration will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth (so help you God)?’’ The oath or affirmation shall be ad-ministered by the Chair or subcommittee member designated by the Chair to admin-ister oaths. (c) During the inquiry, the procedure re-specting the admissibility of evidence and rulings shall be as follows: (1) Any relevant evidence shall be admis-sible unless the evidence is privileged under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.035 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2593 March 30, 2017 
the precedents of the House of Representa-tives. (2) The Chair of the subcommittee or other presiding member at any investigative sub-committee proceeding shall rule upon any question of admissibility or relevance of evi-dence, motion, procedure, or any other mat-ter, and may direct any witness to answer any question under penalty of contempt. A witness, witness counsel, or a member of the subcommittee may appeal any rulings to the members present at that proceeding. A ma-jority vote of the members present at such proceeding on such appeal shall govern the question of admissibility, and no appeal shall lie to the Committee. (3) Whenever a person is determined by a majority vote to be in contempt of the sub-committee, the matter may be referred to the Committee to determine whether to refer the matter to the House of Representatives for consideration. (4) Committee counsel may, subject to sub-committee approval, enter into stipulations with the respondent and/or the respondent’s counsel as to facts that are not in dispute. (d) Upon an affirmative vote of a majority of the subcommittee members, and an af-firmative vote of a majority of the full Com-mittee, an investigative subcommittee may expand the scope of its inquiry. (e) Upon completion of the inquiry, the staff shall draft for the investigative sub-committee a report that shall contain a com-prehensive summary of the information re-ceived regarding the alleged violations. (f) Upon completion of the inquiry, an in-vestigative subcommittee, by a majority vote of its members, may adopt a Statement of Alleged Violation if it determines that there is substantial reason to believe that a violation of the Code of Official Conduct, or of a law, rule, regulation, or other standard of conduct applicable to the performance of official duties or the discharge of official re-sponsibilities by a Member, officer, or em-ployee of the House of Representatives has occurred. If more than one violation is al-leged, such Statement shall be divided into separate counts. Each count shall relate to a separate violation, shall contain a plain and concise statement of the alleged facts of such violation, and shall include a reference to the provision of the Code of Official Con-duct or law, rule, regulation, or other appli-cable standard of conduct governing the per-formance of duties or discharge of respon-sibilities alleged to have been violated. A copy of such Statement shall be transmitted to the respondent and the respondent’s coun-sel. (g) If the investigative subcommittee does not adopt a Statement of Alleged Violation, it shall transmit to the Committee a report containing a summary of the information re-ceived in the inquiry, its conclusions and reasons therefore, and any appropriate rec-ommendation. 
RULE 20 . AMENDMENTS TO STATEMENTS OF  
ALLEGED VIOLATION  (a) An investigative subcommittee may, upon an affirmative vote of a majority of its members, amend its Statement of Alleged Violation anytime before the Statement of Alleged Violation is transmitted to the Com-mittee; and (b) If an investigative subcommittee amends its Statement of Alleged Violation, the respondent shall be notified in writing and shall have 30 calendar days from the date of that notification to file an answer to the amended Statement of Alleged Viola-tion. 
RULE 21 . COMMITTEE REPORTING REQUIREMENTS  (a) Whenever an investigative sub-committee does not adopt a Statement of Al-leged Violation and transmits a report to that effect to the Committee, the Committee may by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members transmit such report to the House of Representatives; (b) Whenever an investigative sub-committee adopts a Statement of Alleged Violation but recommends that no further action be taken, it shall transmit a report to the Committee regarding the Statement of Alleged Violation; and (c) Whenever an investigative sub-committee adopts a Statement of Alleged Violation, the respondent admits to the vio-lations set forth in such Statement, the re-spondent waives the right to an adjudicatory hearing, and the respondent’s waiver is ap-proved by the Committee— (1) the subcommittee shall prepare a report for transmittal to the Committee, a final draft of which shall be provided to the re-spondent not less than 15 calendar days be-fore the subcommittee votes on whether to adopt the report; (2) the respondent may submit views in writing regarding the final draft to the sub-committee within 7 calendar days of receipt of that draft; (3) the subcommittee shall transmit a re-port to the Committee regarding the State-ment of Alleged Violation together with any views submitted by the respondent pursuant to subparagraph (2), and the Committee shall make the report, together with the respond-ent’s views, available to the public before the commencement of any sanction hearing; and (4) the Committee shall by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members issue a re-port and transmit such report to the House of Representatives, together with the re-spondent’s views previously submitted pur-suant to subparagraph (2) and any additional views respondent may submit for attach-ment to the final report; and (d) Members of the Committee shall have not less than 72 hours to review any report transmitted to the Committee by an inves-tigative subcommittee before both the com-mencement of a sanction hearing and the Committee vote on whether to adopt the re-port. RULE 22 . RESPONDENT ’S ANSWER  (a)(1) Within 30 days from the date of transmittal of a Statement of Alleged Viola-tion, the respondent shall file with the inves-tigative subcommittee an answer, in writing and under oath, signed by respondent and re-spondent’s counsel. Failure to file an answer within the time prescribed shall be consid-ered by the Committee as a denial of each count. (2) The answer shall contain an admission to or denial of each count set forth in the Statement of Alleged Violation and may in-clude negative, affirmative, or alternative defenses and any supporting evidence or other relevant information. (b) The respondent may file a Motion for a Bill of Particulars within 10 days of the date of transmittal of the Statement of Alleged Violation. If a Motion for a Bill of Particu-lars is filed, the respondent shall not be re-quired to file an answer until 20 days after the subcommittee has replied to such mo-tion. (c)(1) The respondent may file a Motion to Dismiss within 10 days of the date of trans-mittal of the Statement of Alleged Violation or, if a Motion for a Bill of Particulars has been filed, within 10 days of the date of the subcommittee’s reply to the Motion for a Bill of Particulars. If a Motion to Dismiss is filed, the respondent shall not be required to file an answer until 20 days after the sub-committee has replied to the Motion to Dis-miss, unless the respondent previously filed a Motion for a Bill of Particulars, in which case the respondent shall not be required to file an answer until 10 days after the sub-committee has replied to the Motion to Dis-miss. The investigative subcommittee shall rule upon any motion to dismiss filed during the period between the establishment of the subcommittee and the subcommittee’s trans-mittal of a report or Statement of Alleged Violation to the Committee or to the Chair and Ranking Minority Member at the con-clusion of an inquiry, and no appeal of the subcommittee’s ruling shall lie to the Com-mittee. (2) A Motion to Dismiss may be made on the grounds that the Statement of Alleged Violation fails to state facts that constitute a violation of the Code of Official Conduct or other applicable law, rule, regulation, or standard of conduct, or on the grounds that the Committee lacks jurisdiction to consider the allegations contained in the Statement. (d) Any motion filed with the sub-committee pursuant to this rule shall be ac-companied by a Memorandum of Points and Authorities. (e)(1) The Chair of the investigative sub-committee, for good cause shown, may per-mit the respondent to file an answer or mo-tion after the day prescribed above. (2) If the ability of the respondent to present an adequate defense is not adversely affected and special circumstances so re-quire, the Chair of the investigative sub-committee may direct the respondent to file an answer or motion prior to the day pre-scribed above. (f) If the day on which any answer, motion, reply, or other pleading must be filed falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or holiday, such filing shall be made on the first business day there-after. (g) As soon as practicable after an answer has been filed or the time for such filing has expired, the Statement of Alleged Violation and any answer, motion, reply, or other pleading connected therewith shall be trans-mitted by the Chair of the investigative sub-committee to the Chair and Ranking Minor-ity Member of the Committee. RULE 23 . ADJUDICATORY HEARINGS  (a) If a Statement of Alleged Violation is transmitted to the Chair and Ranking Mi-nority Member pursuant to Rule 22, and no waiver pursuant to Rule 26(b) has occurred, the Chair shall designate the members of the Committee who did not serve on the inves-tigative subcommittee to serve on an adju-dicatory subcommittee. The Chair and Rank-ing Minority Member of the Committee shall be the Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the adjudicatory subcommittee unless they served on the investigative sub-committee. The respondent shall be notified of the designation of the adjudicatory sub-committee and shall have 10 days after such notice is transmitted to object to the par-ticipation of any subcommittee member. Such objection shall be in writing and shall be on the grounds that the member cannot render an impartial and unbiased decision. The members of the Committee shall engage in a collegial discussion regarding such ob-jection. The member against whom the ob-jection is made shall be the sole judge of any disqualification and may choose to seek dis-qualification from serving on the sub-committee pursuant to Rule 9(e). (b) A majority of the adjudicatory sub-committee membership plus one must be present at all times for the conduct of any business pursuant to this rule. (c) The adjudicatory subcommittee shall hold a hearing to determine whether any counts in the Statement of Alleged Violation have been proved by clear and convincing evidence and shall make findings of fact, ex-cept where such violations have been admit-ted by respondent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.037 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2594 March 30, 2017 
(d) The subcommittee may require, by sub-poena or otherwise, the attendance and testi-mony of such witnesses and production of such books, records, correspondence, memo-randa, papers, documents, and other items as it deems necessary. A subpoena for docu-ments may specify terms of return other than at a meeting or hearing of the sub-committee. Depositions, interrogatories, and sworn statements taken under any investiga-tive subcommittee direction may be accept-ed into the hearing record. (e) The procedures set forth in clause 2(g)(1)–(4), (6)–(7) and (k) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives shall apply to adjudicatory hearings. All such hearings shall be open to the public unless the adjudicatory subcommittee, pursuant to such clause, determines that the hearings or any part thereof should be closed. (f)(1) The adjudicatory subcommittee shall, in writing, notify the respondent that the re-spondent and respondent’s counsel have the right to inspect, review, copy, or photograph books, papers, documents, photographs, or other tangible objects that committee coun-sel intends to use as evidence against the re-spondent in an adjudicatory hearing. The re-spondent shall be given access to such evi-dence, and shall be provided the names of witnesses committee counsel intends to call, and a summary of their expected testimony, no less than 15 calendar days prior to any such hearing. Except in extraordinary cir-cumstances, no evidence may be introduced or witness called in an adjudicatory hearing unless the respondent has been afforded a prior opportunity to review such evidence or has been provided the name of the witness. (2) After a witness has testified on direct examination at an adjudicatory hearing, the Committee, at the request of the respondent, shall make available to the respondent any statement of the witness in the possession of the Committee which relates to the subject matter as to which the witness has testified. (3) Any other testimony, statement, or documentary evidence in the possession of the Committee which is material to the re-spondent’s defense shall, upon request, be made available to the respondent. (g) No less than 5 days prior to the hearing, the respondent or counsel shall provide the adjudicatory subcommittee with the names of witnesses expected to be called, sum-maries of their expected testimony, and cop-ies of any documents or other evidence pro-posed to be introduced. (h) The respondent or counsel may apply to the subcommittee for the issuance of sub-poenas for the appearance of witnesses or the production of evidence. The application shall be granted upon a showing by the respondent that the proposed testimony or evidence is relevant and not otherwise available to re-spondent. The application may be denied if not made at a reasonable time or if the testi-mony or evidence would be merely cumu-lative. (i) No later than two weeks or 5 legislative days after the Chair of the Committee des-ignates members to serve on an adjudicatory subcommittee, whichever is later, the Chair of the adjudicatory subcommittee shall es-tablish a schedule and procedure for the hearing and for prehearing matters. The pro-cedures may be changed either by the Chair of the adjudicatory subcommittee or by a majority vote of the members of the sub-committee. If the Chair makes prehearing rulings upon any question of admissibility or relevance of evidence, motion, procedure, or any other matter, the Chair shall make available those rulings to all subcommittee members at the time of the ruling. (j) The procedures regarding the admissi-bility of evidence and rulings shall be as fol-lows: (1) Any relevant evidence shall be admis-sible unless the evidence is privileged under the precedents of the House of Representa-tives. (2) The Chair of the subcommittee or other presiding member at an adjudicatory sub-committee hearing shall rule upon any ques-tion of admissibility or relevance of evi-dence, motion, procedure, or any other mat-ter, and may direct any witness to answer any question under penalty of contempt. A witness, witness counsel, or a member of the subcommittee may appeal any ruling to the members present at that proceeding. A ma-jority vote of the members present at such proceeding on such an appeal shall govern the question of admissibility and no appeal shall lie to the Committee. (3) Whenever a witness is deemed by a Chair or other presiding member to be in contempt of the subcommittee, the matter may be referred to the Committee to deter-mine whether to refer the matter to the House of Representatives for consideration. (4) Committee counsel may, subject to sub-committee approval, enter into stipulations with the respondent and/or the respondent’s counsel as to facts that are not in dispute. (k) Unless otherwise provided, the order of an adjudicatory hearing shall be as follows: (1) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-ber of the subcommittee shall open the hear-ing with equal time and during which time, the Chair shall state the adjudicatory sub-committee’s authority to conduct the hear-ing and the purpose of the hearing. (2) The Chair shall then recognize Com-mittee counsel and the respondent’s counsel, in turn, for the purpose of giving opening statements. (3) Testimony from witnesses and other relevant evidence shall be received in the fol-lowing order whenever possible: (i) witnesses (deposition transcripts and af-fidavits obtained during the inquiry may be used in lieu of live witnesses) and other evi-dence offered by the Committee counsel, (ii) witnesses and other evidence offered by the respondent, (iii) rebuttal witnesses, as permitted by the Chair. (4) Witnesses at a hearing shall be exam-ined first by counsel calling such witness. The opposing counsel may then cross-exam-ine the witness. Redirect examination and recross examination by counsel may be per-mitted at the Chair’s discretion. Sub-committee members may then question wit-nesses. Unless otherwise directed by the Chair, questions by Subcommittee members shall be conducted under the five-minute rule. (5) The Chair shall then recognize Com-mittee counsel and respondent’s counsel, in turn, for the purpose of giving closing argu-ments. Committee counsel may reserve time for rebuttal argument, as permitted by the Chair. (l) A subpoena to a witness to appear at a hearing shall be served sufficiently in ad-vance of that witness’ scheduled appearance to allow the witness a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Chair of the adju-dicatory subcommittee, to prepare for the hearing and to employ counsel. (m) Each witness appearing before the sub-committee shall be furnished a printed copy of the Committee rules, the relevant provi-sions of the Rules of the House of Represent-atives applicable to the rights of witnesses, and a copy of the Statement of Alleged Vio-lation. (n) Testimony of all witnesses shall be taken under oath or affirmation. The form of the oath or affirmation shall be: ‘‘Do you solemnly swear (or affirm) that the testi-mony you will give before this subcommittee in the matter now under consideration will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth (so help you God)?’’ The oath or affirmation shall be administered by the Chair or Committee member designated by the Chair to administer oaths. (o) At an adjudicatory hearing, the burden of proof rests on Committee counsel to es-tablish the facts alleged in the Statement of Alleged Violation by clear and convincing evidence. However, Committee counsel need not present any evidence regarding any count that is admitted by the respondent or any fact stipulated. Committee counsel or respondent’s counsel may move the adjudica-tory subcommittee to make a finding that there is no material fact at issue. If the adju-dicatory subcommittee finds that there is no material fact at issue, the burden of proof will be deemed satisfied. (p) As soon as practicable after all testi-mony and evidence have been presented, the subcommittee shall consider each count con-tained in the Statement of Alleged Violation and shall determine by a majority vote of its members whether each count has been proved. If a majority of the subcommittee does not vote that a count has been proved, a motion to reconsider that vote may be made only by a member who voted that the count was not proved. A count that is not proved shall be considered as dismissed by the subcommittee. (q) The findings of the adjudicatory sub-committee shall be reported to the Com-mittee. 
RULE 24 . SANCTION HEARING AND CONSIDER -
ATION OF SANCTIONS OR OTHER RECOMMENDA -
TIONS  (a) If no count in a Statement of Alleged Violation is proved, the Committee shall prepare a report to the House of Representa-tives, based upon the report of the adjudica-tory subcommittee. (b) If an adjudicatory subcommittee com-pletes an adjudicatory hearing pursuant to Rule 23 and reports that any count of the Statement of Alleged Violation has been proved, a hearing before the Committee shall be held to receive oral and/or written sub-missions by counsel for the Committee and counsel for the respondent as to the sanction the Committee should recommend to the House of Representatives with respect to such violations. Testimony by witnesses shall not be heard except by written request and vote of a majority of the Committee. (c) Upon completion of any proceeding held pursuant to clause (b), the Committee shall consider and vote on a motion to recommend to the House of Representatives that the House take disciplinary action. If a majority of the Committee does not vote in favor of the recommendation that the House of Rep-resentatives take action, a motion to recon-sider that vote may be made only by a mem-ber who voted against the recommendation. The Committee may also, by majority vote, adopt a motion to issue a Letter of Reproval or take other appropriate Committee action. (d) If the Committee determines a Letter of Reproval constitutes sufficient action, the Committee shall include any such letter as a part of its report to the House of Representa-tives. (e) With respect to any proved counts against a Member of the House of Represent-atives, the Committee may recommend to the House one or more of the following sanc-tions: (1) Expulsion from the House of Represent-atives. (2) Censure. (3) Reprimand. (4) Fine. (5) Denial or limitation of any right, power, privilege, or immunity of the Member if under the Constitution the House of Rep-resentatives may impose such denial or limi-tation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.039 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2595 March 30, 2017 
(6) Any other sanction determined by the Committee to be appropriate. (f) With respect to any proved counts against an officer or employee of the House of Representatives, the Committee may rec-ommend to the House one or more of the fol-lowing sanctions: (1) Dismissal from employment. (2) Reprimand. (3) Fine. (4) Any other sanction determined by the Committee to be appropriate. (g) With respect to the sanctions that the Committee may recommend, reprimand is appropriate for serious violations, censure is appropriate for more serious violations, and expulsion of a Member or dismissal of an of-ficer or employee is appropriate for the most serious violations. A recommendation of a fine is appropriate in a case in which it is likely that the violation was committed to secure a personal financial benefit; and a recommendation of a denial or limitation of a right, power, privilege, or immunity of a Member is appropriate when the violation bears upon the exercise or holding of such right, power, privilege, or immunity. This clause sets forth general guidelines and does not limit the authority of the Committee to recommend other sanctions. (h) The Committee report shall contain an appropriate statement of the evidence sup-porting the Committee’s findings and a statement of the Committee’s reasons for the recommended sanction. 
RULE 25 . DISCLOSURE OF EXCULPATORY  
INFORMATION TO RESPONDENT  If the Committee, or any investigative or adjudicatory subcommittee at any time re-ceives any exculpatory information respect-ing a Complaint or Statement of Alleged Violation concerning a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives, it shall make such information known and available to the Member, officer, or em-ployee as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the transmittal of evidence sup-porting a proposed Statement of Alleged Vio-lation pursuant to Rule 26(c). If an investiga-tive subcommittee does not adopt a State-ment of Alleged Violation, it shall identify any exculpatory information in its posses-sion at the conclusion of its inquiry and shall include such information, if any, in the subcommittee’s final report to the Com-mittee regarding its inquiry. For purposes of this rule, exculpatory evidence shall be any evidence or information that is substantially favorable to the respondent with respect to the allegations or charges before an inves-tigative or adjudicatory subcommittee. 
RULE 26 . RIGHTS OF RESPONDENTS AND  
WITNESSES  (a) A respondent shall be informed of the right to be represented by counsel, to be pro-vided at the respondent’s own expense. (b) A respondent may seek to waive any procedural rights or steps in the disciplinary process. A request for waiver must be in writing, signed by the respondent, and must detail what procedural steps the respondent seeks to waive. Any such request shall be subject to the acceptance of the Committee or subcommittee, as appropriate. (c) Not less than 10 calendar days before a scheduled vote by an investigative sub-committee on a Statement of Alleged Viola-tion, the subcommittee shall provide the re-spondent with a copy of the Statement of Al-leged Violation it intends to adopt together with all evidence it intends to use to prove those charges which it intends to adopt, in-cluding documentary evidence, witness testi-mony, memoranda of witness interviews, and physical evidence, unless the subcommittee by an affirmative vote of a majority of its members decides to withhold certain evi-dence in order to protect a witness, but if such evidence is withheld, the subcommittee shall inform the respondent that evidence is being withheld and of the count to which such evidence relates. (d) Neither the respondent nor respond-ent’s counsel shall, directly or indirectly, contact the subcommittee or any member thereof during the period of time set forth in paragraph (c) except for the sole purpose of settlement discussions where counsels for the respondent and the subcommittee are present. (e) If, at any time after the issuance of a Statement of Alleged Violation, the Com-mittee or any subcommittee thereof deter-mines that it intends to use evidence not provided to a respondent under paragraph (c) to prove the charges contained in the State-ment of Alleged Violation (or any amend-ment thereof), such evidence shall be made immediately available to the respondent, and it may be used in any further proceeding under the Committee’s rules. (f) Evidence provided pursuant to para-graph (c) or (e) shall be made available to the respondent and respondent’s counsel only after each agrees, in writing, that no document, information, or other materials obtained pursuant to that paragraph shall be made public until— (1) such time as a Statement of Alleged Violation is made public by the Committee if the respondent has waived the adjudicatory hearing; or (2) the commencement of an adjudicatory hearing if the respondent has not waived an adjudicatory hearing; but the failure of re-spondent and respondent’s counsel to so agree in writing, and therefore not receive the evidence, shall not preclude the issuance of a Statement of Alleged Violation at the end of the period referenced in (c). (g) A respondent shall receive written no-tice whenever— (1) the Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-ber determine that information the Com-mittee has received constitutes a complaint; (2) a complaint or allegation is trans-mitted to an investigative subcommittee; (3) that subcommittee votes to authorize its first subpoena or to take testimony under oath, whichever occurs first; or (4) that subcommittee or the Committee votes to expand the scope of the inquiry of the investigative subcommittee. (h) Whenever an investigative sub-committee adopts a Statement of Alleged Violation and a respondent enters into an agreement with that subcommittee to settle a complaint on which the Statement is based, that agreement, unless the respondent requests otherwise, shall be in writing and signed by the respondent and the respond-ent’s counsel, the Chair and Ranking Minor-ity Member of the subcommittee, and out-side counsel, if any. (i) Statements or information derived sole-ly from a respondent or respondent’s counsel during any settlement discussions between the Committee or a subcommittee thereof and the respondent shall not be included in any report of the subcommittee or the Com-mittee or otherwise publicly disclosed with-out the consent of the respondent. (j) Whenever a motion to establish an in-vestigative subcommittee does not prevail, the Committee shall promptly send a letter to the respondent informing the respondent of such vote. (k) Witnesses shall be afforded a reason-able period of time, as determined by the Committee or subcommittee, to prepare for an appearance before an investigative sub-committee or for an adjudicatory hearing and to obtain counsel. (l) Prior to their testimony, witnesses shall be furnished a printed copy of the Com-mittee’s Rules of Procedure and the provi-sions of the Rules of the House of Represent-atives applicable to the rights of witnesses. (m) Witnesses may be accompanied by their own counsel for the purpose of advising them concerning their constitutional rights. The Chair may punish breaches of order and decorum, and of professional responsibility on the part of counsel, by censure and exclu-sion from the hearings; and the Committee may cite the offender to the House of Rep-resentatives for contempt. (n) Each witness subpoenaed to provide testimony or other evidence shall be pro-vided the same per diem rate as established, authorized, and regulated by the Committee on House Administration for Members, offi-cers and employees of the House, and, as the Chair considers appropriate, actual expenses of travel to or from the place of examina-tion. No compensation shall be authorized for attorney’s fees or for a witness’ lost earn-ings. Such per diem may not be paid if a wit-ness had been summoned at the place of ex-amination. (o) With the approval of the Committee, a witness, upon request, may be provided with a transcript of the witness’ own deposition or other testimony taken in executive ses-sion, or, with the approval of the Chair and Ranking Minority Member, may be per-mitted to examine such transcript in the of-fice of the Committee. Any such request shall be in writing and shall include a state-ment that the witness, and counsel, agree to maintain the confidentiality of all executive session proceedings covered by such tran-script. RULE 27 . FRIVOLOUS FILINGS  If a complaint or information offered as a complaint is deemed frivolous by an affirma-tive vote of a majority of the members of the Committee, the Committee may take such action as it, by an affirmative vote of a ma-jority, deems appropriate in the cir-cumstances. 
RULE 28 . REFERRALS TO FEDERAL OR STATE  
AUTHORITIES  Referrals made under clause 3(a)(3) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives may be made by an affirmative vote of two-thirds of the members of the Committee. f 
SENATE ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled joint resolution of the Senate of the following title: 
S.J. Res. 34. Joint Resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Federal Communications Com-mission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Tele-communications Services’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 12 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, April 3, 2017, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.041 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2596 March 30, 2017 
940. A letter from the Acting Secretary of the Army, Department of Defense, transmit-ting the Annual Report to Congress on the Activities of the Western Hemisphere Insti-tute for Security Cooperation for 2016, pursu-ant to 10 U.S.C. 2166(i); Public Law 106-398, Sec. 1 (as amended by Public Law 107-314, Sec. 932(a)(1)); (116 Stat. 2625); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 941. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary for Acquisition, Technology, and Lo-gistics, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department of Defense Chemical Demili-tarization Program Semi-Annual Report to Congress for March 2017, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1521(j); Public Law 99-145, Sec. 1412 (as amended by Public Law 112-239, Sec. 1421(a)); (126 Stat. 204); to the Committee on Armed Services. 942. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing five officers to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 943. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-trator, Diversion Control Division, Drug En-forcement Administration, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Placement of Brivaracetam Into Schedule V [Docket No.: DEA-435] received March 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 944. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-trator, Diversion Control Division, Drug En-forcement Administration, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Placement of FDA-Approved Products of Oral Solutions Containing Dronabinol [(—)-delta-9-trans- tetrahydrocannabinol (delta-9-THC)] in Schedule II [Docket No.: DEA-344] received March 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 945. A letter from the Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmitting a report entitled, ‘‘DHCD Should Improve Management of the Housing Production Trust Fund to Better Meet Affordable Hous-ing Goals’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 455(d); (87 Stat. 803); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 946. A letter from the Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmitting a report entitled, ‘‘Internal Control Weak-nesses Found in the Marion S. Barry Sum-mer Youth Employment Program’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 455(d); (87 Stat. 803); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 947. A letter from the Assistant Director for Legislative Affairs, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bu-reau’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 948. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Office of the Gen-eral Counsel, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, transmitting a notification of designa-tion of acting officer and a notification of discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 949. A letter from the EEO Director, Office of Civil Rights and Equal Opportunity, So-cial Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 950. A letter from the Acting Assistant At-torney General, Department of Justice, transmitting a report entitled, ‘‘Debt Collec-tion Recovery Activities of the Department of Justice for Civil Debts Referred for Collec-tion Annual Report for Fiscal Year 2016’’, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3718(c); Public Law 97- 452, Sec. 1(16)(A) (as amended by Public Law 99-578, Sec. 1(4)); (100 Stat. 3305); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 951. A letter from the Staff Director, United States Sentencing Commission, transmitting a report on the compliance of the federal district courts with documenta-tion submission requirements of 28 U.S.C. 994(w)(1), pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 994(w)(3); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 952. A letter from the Acting Assistant At-torney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting notifi-cation that the Department takes no posi-tion on enactment of H.R. 654, the Pacific Northwest Earthquake Preparedness Act of 2017; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. House Resolution 186. Resolution of inquiry directing the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to the House of Rep-resentatives the tax returns and other speci-fied financial information of President Don-ald J. Trump; adversely (Rept. 115–73). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. R
OYCE of California, Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. B ERA, Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massa-chusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C RIST, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Il-linois, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. D ELANEY , Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. D ENT, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. H ECK, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-nois, Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. L
EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. NADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. S
INEMA , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. H IMES, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. E
VANS , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R EED, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. S
ARBANES , Mr. T
ROTT , Mr. L ANCE , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. V
ALADAO , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-fornia, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. P AULSEN , Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. H
URD, Mr. B ACON , and Mr. B
ERGMAN ): H.R. 19. A bill to establish in the Smithso-nian Institution a comprehensive women’s history museum, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on Nat-ural Resources, and Transportation and In-frastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 1800. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain Federal land to facilitate scientific research supporting Federal space and defense programs; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 1801. A bill to delay the effective date of the final rule of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection titled ‘‘Prepaid Ac-counts under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (Regulation E) and the Truth In Lending Act (Regulation Z)‘‘; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. ESTY (for herself, Mr. C
OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, and Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ): H.R. 1802. A bill to expand eligibility for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 1803. A bill to establish the Constitu-tional Government Review Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 1804. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a 3-year recovery period for all race horses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L30MR7.000 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2597 March 30, 2017 
By Mr. BARR: H.R. 1805. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reduce the holding pe-riod used to determine whether horses are section 1231 assets to 12 months; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 1806. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow the expensing of race horses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GOHMERT (for himself, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. H IGGINS of Lou-isiana, Mr. B
ABIN, and Mr. J OHNSON  of Louisiana): H.R. 1807. A bill to exempt from the Lacey Act and the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 certain water transfers between any of the States of Texas, Arkansas, and Louisiana; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself and Mr. C
OURTNEY ): H.R. 1808. A bill to amend and improve the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota (for him-self, Ms. F
OXX, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-fornia, and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida): H.R. 1809. A bill to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention Act of 1974, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 1810. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow deductions and credits relating to expenditures in connec-tion with marijuana sales conducted in com-pliance with State law; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. TAYLOR (for himself and Mr. C
ORREA ): H.R. 1811. A bill to amend the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 to prohibit the use of funds appropriated to the Department of Homeland Security for the procurement of uniforms not manufactured in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself, Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. C RIST, Mr. B
EYER , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. L
EE, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S
UOZZI , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C LAY, Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT ): H.R. 1812. A bill to provide that the Execu-tive Order entitled ‘‘Promoting Energy Inde-pendence and Economic Growth‘‘ (March 28, 2017), shall have no force or effect, to pro-hibit the use of Federal funds to enforce the Executive Order, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Over-sight and Government Reform, the Judici-ary, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama (for him-self, Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. F RANKS of Ari-zona, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. C
RAWFORD ): H.R. 1813. A bill to amend the Electronic Fund Transfer Act to impose a fee for remit-tance transfers to certain foreign countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. KINZINGER (for himself and Mr. L
OEBSACK ): H.R. 1814. A bill to encourage spectrum li-censees to make unused spectrum available for use by rural and smaller carriers in order to expand wireless coverage; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. B EYER , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. E VANS , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. J ACK-
SON LEE, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. P
OLIS): H.R. 1815. A bill to amend section 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to limit immigration enforcement actions at sen-sitive locations, to clarify the powers of im-migration officers at sensitive locations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Mr. H UNTER ): H.R. 1816. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Navy to enter into a contract for the procurement of heavy icebreakers; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 1817. A bill to prohibit the use of the poisons sodium fluoroacetate (known as ‘‘Compound 1080’’) and sodium cyanide for predator control; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DENHAM (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. L OBI-
ONDO , Mr. G AETZ , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. R
OSS, and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio): H.R. 1818. A bill to amend the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 to clarify provisions en-acted by the Captive Wildlife Safety Act, to further the conservation of certain wildlife species, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. B EYER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. L
OWENTHAL ): H.R. 1819. A bill to protect taxpayers from liability associated with the reclamation of surface coal mining operations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, Mr. GARRETT , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. A MASH , Ms. T
ITUS, and Mr. R OHRABACHER ): H.R. 1820. A bill to authorize Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers to provide recommendations and opinions to veterans regarding participation in State marijuana programs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BARTON (for himself and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia): H.R. 1821. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the standard charitable mileage rate for delivery of meals to elderly, disabled, frail, and at risk individ-uals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 1822. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to limit the liability of health care professionals who volunteer to provide health care services in response to a disaster; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 1823. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the taxation and regulation of marijuana products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 1824. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to reduce the gap between Federal and State marijuana policy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Financial Services, Natural Resources, Edu-cation and the Workforce, Veterans’ Affairs, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-self, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. K IND, Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. M
EEHAN ): H.R. 1825. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 1826. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to redistribute Federal funds that would otherwise be made avail-able to States that do not provide for the Medicaid expansion in accordance with the Affordable Care Act to those States electing to provide those Medicaid benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. S INEMA , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. M OORE , Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. R USH, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L30MR7.100 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2598 March 30, 2017 
H.R. 1827. A bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 to provide a par-tial exemption to veterans from the eligi-bility requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Oversight and Government Reform, and House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 1828. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for payments for certain rural health clinic and Federally qualified health center services furnished to hospice patients under the Medicare pro-gram; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Mr. R
USSELL ): H.R. 1829. A bill to temporarily authorize recently retired members of the armed forces to be appointed to certain civil service posi-tions, require the Secretary of Defense to issue certain notifications, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 1830. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide that a deduction equal to fair market value shall be allowed for charitable contributions of literary, mu-sical, artistic, or scholarly compositions cre-ated by the donor; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself, Mr. P
ASCRELL , and Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER ): H.R. 1831. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to permit hospitals in all-urban States to be considered Medicare dependent hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. L EE, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Mr. L
ARSEN of Wash-ington, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , and Ms. T SONGAS ): H.R. 1832. A bill to authorize the appropria-tion of funds to the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention for conducting or sup-porting research on firearms safety or gun violence prevention; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Mr. E
VANS , and Ms. A
DAMS ): H.R. 1833. A bill to encourage initiatives for financial products and services that are appropriate and accessible for millions of American small businesses that do not have access to the financial mainstream; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS (for herself and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama): H.R. 1834. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a national Oncology Medical Home Demonstration Project under the Medicare program for the purpose of changing the Medicare payment for cancer care in order to enhance the qual-ity of care and to improve cost efficiency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 1835. A bill to prohibit United States voluntary and assessed contributions to the United Nations if the United Nations im-poses any tax or fee on any United States person or continues to develop or promote proposals for such a tax or fee; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. I SSA, Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mr. T HOMAS J. R OO-
NEYof Florida): H.R. 1836. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide fair treatment of radio stations and artists for the use of sound recordings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NORCROSS (for himself and Mr. M
CKINLEY ): H.R. 1837. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to establish a pilot competitive grant program for the development of a skilled en-ergy workforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. NUNES (for himself, Mr. L
AR-
SON of Connecticut, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , and Mr. S AMJOHN-
SONof Texas): H.R. 1838. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to modernize payments for ambulatory surgical centers under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 1839. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the timing of deposits relating to the Civil Service Retirement Sys-tem with respect to crediting military serv-ice, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R USH, and Mr. S
HIMKUS ): H.R. 1840. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for clinical testing expenses for qualified infectious disease drugs and rapid diagnostic tests; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 1841. A bill to provide for the regula-tion of marijuana products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Natural Resources, and Agriculture, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 1842. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to include State crimes of vio-lence as grounds for an enhanced penalty when sex offenders fail to register or report certain information as required by Federal law, to include prior military offenses for purposes of recidivist sentencing provisions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. R EED, Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. H AR-
RIS): H.R. 1843. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Rev-enue Service from carrying out seizures re-lating to a structuring transaction unless the property to be seized derived from an il-legal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of an-other criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a post-seizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 1844. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use existing authorities to furnish health care at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the De-partment that furnishes the care sought by the veteran; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SMUCKER: H.R. 1845. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to facilitate the transi-tion to Medicare for individuals enrolled in group health plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself and Mr. S
MITH of Texas): H.R. 1846. A bill to reauthorize the Na-tional Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. A
MODEI , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B
ARLETTA , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B
ERA, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
RAT, Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C RIST, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. C URBELO of Flor-ida, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. D ENT, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L30MR7.100 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2599 March 30, 2017 
Pennsylvania, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E
MMER , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. E
STY, Mr. F ASO, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. F
OSTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H
ECK, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. H IMES, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. J ONES , Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L AWSON of Flor-ida, Ms. L
EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. L
OWEY , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Mr. S
EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. M AR-
SHALL , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. B EYER , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
CHENRY , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
ENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N
ADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N
EAL, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R
ASKIN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. P
ANETTA , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. R
OSS, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S
ABLAN , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. S
ARBANES , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. S IRES, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. S
MITH of New Jer-sey, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. S OTO, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T
ONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. T URNER , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. V
ELA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. W
ALZ, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Ms. W IL-
SON of Florida, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. Z ELDIN ): H.R. 1847. A bill to amend the Horse Pro-tection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agriculture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H. Res. 234. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the importance of effective education in civics and government in elementary and secondary schools throughout the Nation; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H. Res. 235. A resolution directing the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Rep-resentatives relating to the Department of Homeland Security’s research, integration, and analysis activities relating to Russian Government interference in the elections for Federal office held in 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska (for him-self, Mr. YOHO, Mr. T IBERI , Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, Mr. B ACON , Mr. B OST, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER , and Mrs. W AGNER ): H. Res. 236. A resolution recognizing the importance of the United States-Japan part-nership and supporting the pursuit of closer trade ties between the United States and Japan; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. S OTO, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. K
IHUEN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. V ELA, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. S IRES, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. S
PEIER , and Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas): H. Res. 237. A resolution honoring the ac-complishments and legacy of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CARTER of Texas (for himself, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. M
ARSHALL ): H. Res. 238. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Secretary of the Army should report on the status of future Ground Combat Vehicles of the Army; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
15. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of North Da-kota, relative to House Concurrent Resolu-tion No. 3009, urging Congress to amend the 2014 farm bill to allow counties to use raw yield data from insurance companies to sup-plement the national agriculture statistics survey to calculate payments under the Ag-riculture Risk Coverage program when an in-sufficient number of surveys are returned to accurately calculate payments; which was referred to the Committee on Agriculture. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 19. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Con-gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 1800. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion provides Congress with the authority and responsibility to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defense and general Welfare of the United States,’’ and to ‘‘promote progress of Science.’’ This measure will help ensure that public lands already in use for important sci-entific and defense-based research will re-main available into the future to support those important public purposes. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 1801. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power . . . To regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Ms. ESTY: H.R. 1802. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 1803. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of United States of America By Mr. BARR: H.R. 1804. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BARR: H.R. 1805. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BARR: H.R. 1806. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 1807. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, providing Congress the authority to regulate Com-merce with Foreign Nations, and among the Several States, and with Indian Tribes By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 1808. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota: H.R. 1809. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L30MR7.100 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2600 March 30, 2017 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 1810. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. TAYLOR: H.R. 1811. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; To borrow money on the credit of the United States; To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; To establish an uniform Rule of Natu-ralization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States; To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures; To provide for the Punishment of counter-feiting the Securities and current Coin of the United States; To establish Post Offices and Post Roads; To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries; To constitute Tribunals inferior to the su-preme Court; and Offenses against the Law of Nations; To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water; To raise and support Armies, but no Appro-priation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years; To provide and maintain a Navy; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress In-surrections and repel Invasions; To provide for organizing, arming, and dis-ciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline pre-scribed by Congress; To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not ex-ceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Govern-ment of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings; And To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 1812. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama: H.R. 1813. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 gives Congress the ex-press authority to regulate commerce with foreign nations and provide for the common defense. By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 1814. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 1815. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof Or Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian tribes; By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 1816. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. D
EFAZIO: H.R. 1817. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper / for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. DENHAM: H.R. 1818. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes;’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 1819. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes.) [Page H3967] By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 1820. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BARTON: H.R. 1821. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 1822. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 1823. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 1824. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 1825. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 1826. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 1827. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 1828. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article I, Section 9: No Money shall be drawn from the Treas-ury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 1829. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 1830. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 1831. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States provides that: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 1832. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 1833. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: H.R. 1834. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional authority in which this bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through the administration of the Medicare program under Title 18 if the Social Security Act. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 1835. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This legislation is authorized by Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.047 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2601 March 30, 2017 
By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 1836. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution; Article 1, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United States Constitution; and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 1837. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 1838. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 1839. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 1840. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section VIII which provides Con-gress the authority to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 1841. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution (relating to the power to regulate interstate com-merce). By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 1842. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3 By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 1843. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution, providing, in relevant part, that ‘‘[t]he Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-posts and excises, to pay the debts and pro-vide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 1844. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. SMUCKER: H.R. 1845. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 Section 8 of Article I of the Con-stitution By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: H.R. 1846. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 1847. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3, Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 51: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 60: Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. T ROTT , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 112: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 179: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 247: Mr. R
OUZER and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 377: Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. B
RAT, Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. G
OSAR , and Mr. H ARRIS . H.R. 400: Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 490: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 519: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 545: Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. M
AST. H.R. 548: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 662: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 692: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 747: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. N
UNES . H.R. 804: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 807: Mr. S
OTO, Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 816: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 845: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 849: Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. H
UIZENGA , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois, Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H.R. 873: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 909: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 959: Mr. C
APUANO and Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD . H.R. 986: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1017: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1022: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1148: Mr. S
CHRADER and Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 1150: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 1158: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 1232: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 1235: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. E
STY, and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 1245: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1268: Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 1314: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 1315: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 1334: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 1337: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 1358: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1454: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 1498: Ms. D
ELBENEand Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1501: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1516: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1525: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 1542: Mr. HECK, Mr. O LSON , Mr. T IP-
TON, and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 1544: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 1551: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1552: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, and Mrs. W AG-
NER. H.R. 1588: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 1612: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. E VANS , and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 1614: Mr. C
A´RDENAS and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 1626: Mr. S
OTO, Mr. K USTOFF of Ten- nessee, and Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 1629: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 1635: Mr. R
OKITA and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 1639: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 1644: Mr. K
EATING , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. P OEof Texas. H.R. 1665: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 1667: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 1671: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 1698: Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. B OST, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. R OSS, and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1729: Mr. G
OSAR , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1731: Mr. S
HUSTER . H.R. 1762: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1789: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 1795: Mr. G
OODLATTE and Mr. C OLLINS  of Georgia. H.J. Res. 59: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H. Con. Res. 13: Ms. C
HENEY , Mr. B UDD, and Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H. Res. 92: Mr. S
IRES and Mr. S UOZZI . H. Res. 184: Mr. N
EAL, Mr. L ARSON of Con- necticut, Mr. T
AKANO , and Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 199: Mr. P
OEof Texas and Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H. Res. 202: Mr. P
OEof Texas and Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
32. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the City of Miami Beach, Florida, relative to Resolution No. 2017-29768, strongly opposing the letter issued by the U.S. Departments of Justice and Education on February 22, 2017 which withdrew and rescinded prior policy guidance by the Obama Administration that required schools to allow transgender stu-dents access to sex-segregated facilities and activities based on their gender identity; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR7.050 H30MRPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2119 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 2017 No. 56 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable D
EAN H
ELLER , a Senator from the State of Nevada. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Our Father in Heaven, we sing of Your steadfast love and proclaim Your faithfulness to all generations. Make us one Nation, truly wise, with right-eousness exalting us in due season. Today, inspire our lawmakers to walk in the light of Your countenance. Abide with them so that Your wisdom will influence each decision they make as You restrain them from speaking in haste. Keep them from evil so that they will not be brought to grief, ena-bling them to avoid the pitfalls that lead to ruin. May they put country be-fore self, people before politics, and pa-triotism before partisanship. Empower them to glorify You in all they say and do. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, March 30, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable DEANHELLER , a Sen- ator from the State of Nevada, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. HELLER thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
HONORING OFFICER NICK RODMAN Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to begin this morning by paying tribute to a fallen hero. Yester-day, Officer Nick Rodman of the Louis-ville Metro Police Department passed away after a crash in west Louisville on Tuesday night. Officer Rodman had served in the de-partment for 3 years, where he followed in a strong family tradition of law en-forcement. In his life, he showed com-passion and dedication, which are among the best virtues of public serv-ice. According to LMPD Chief Steve Con-rad, Officer Rodman is the second offi-cer in the department’s history to be killed in the line of duty. Officer Rodman’s tragic death re-minds us of the tremendous debt of gratitude we owe to all of the coura-geous men and women like him who daily put themselves into harm’s way to defend our communities. They de-serve our utmost respect. This morning, I ask all of my col-leagues to join me in expressing our deepest sympathy to Officer Rodman’s family, friends, and fellow officers. They will all be in our prayers. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT RESOLUTIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on an entirely different matter, the Sen-ate will soon act to prevent workers from being forced into risky govern-ment-run savings plans. Then we will turn our attention to an additional op-portunity to protect the American peo-ple from Executive overreach with an-other resolution under the Congres-sional Review Act. On its way out the door, the Obama administration issued a regulation that prohibited States from allocating cer-tain health preventative-care funds in a way that best serves local commu-nities. It substituted Washington’s judgment for the needs of real people, controlling Americans’ access to healthcare services while hurting the community health centers that so many Americans—especially women— depend upon. This regulation is an un-necessary restriction on States that know their residents’ own needs a lot better than the Federal Government. Fortunately, by sending the CRA res-olution before us to the President’s desk, we can once again return power back to the people, and we will do so without decreasing funding for wom-en’s healthcare by a single penny. I would like to recognize my col-league, Senator JONIERNST , who intro-duced the Senate companion to the House resolution we will vote on, for her leadership on this important issue. I look forward to supporting it later today. 
f 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, many Members came to the floor yes-terday to debate the Gorsuch nomina-tion. We will have all of next week to continue the debate. I encourage my colleagues to continue discussing this important nomination. Two months ago today, before Neil Gorsuch had even been nominated, I spoke on the Senate floor about the rhetoric we could expect to hear from the other side after the President’s nominee was announced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Mar 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR6.000 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2120 March 30, 2017 
I predicted then that we would see many on the left ‘‘[try] to paint whom-ever is actually nominated in apoca-lyptic terms.’’ It ‘‘doesn’t matter who this Republican President nominates,’’ I said then. It ‘‘doesn’t matter who any Republican President nominates, real-ly,’’ I continued. No matter the nomi-nee, I said back before we had the nominee, ‘‘we can expect to hear a lot of end-times rhetoric from the left . . . [and] [i]n fact, we already have.’’ I was alluding then to the fact that, sight unseen, we had already begun hearing from those on the far left who vowed to oppose anyone—anyone the President nominated. The Democratic leader even joined in, saying he would oppose anyone from the President’s list of candidates and would ‘‘fight it tooth-and-nail, as long as we have to’’ in order to keep Justice Scalia’s seat open, even for the entirety of the Presi-dent’s term. Remember, that was before Judge Gorsuch was even selected, before we knew his credentials, before we had heard from the current and former col-leagues of his, before we had examined his judicial record, and well before his hearing before the Judiciary Com-mittee. Our friends across the aisle made it clear then that their opposition to this nominee would have nothing to do with the nominee himself. In fact, I said we could expect to hear a number of con-voluted excuses as to why they wouldn’t support the President’s yet- to-be named nominee—excuses that would amount to little more than their dissatisfaction with the outcome of the election. Sure enough, that is just what we have seen over the past few weeks. They are opposing this well-qualified nominee despite his impressive creden-tials, bipartisan support, and excellent testimony before the committee. Judge Neil Gorsuch is such an out-standing candidate, so noncontrover-sial, so well-esteemed by people across the political spectrum that Democrats have been forced to talk about pretty much anything: President Trump, think tanks, you name it—anything but the nominee himself. Yesterday’s comments by the Demo-cratic leader are a good example. He gave a lengthy speech about why he wouldn’t support Judge Gorsuch, but when you boil it down, his remarks had little to do with Judge Gorsuch at all. Essentially, he concluded that be-cause Judge Gorsuch had earned the praise of legal groups like the Fed-eralist Society, Democrats should not support him. By the way, all current sitting Justices have participated in events with this same organization. Let me say that again: All current sit-ting Supreme Court Justices have par-ticipated in Federalist Society activi-ties. That includes Justices who were nominated by Democratic Presidents, including President Clinton and Presi-dent Obama. So, yes, Judge Gorsuch has received high praise from a number of conserv-atives—he certainly has—just as he has earned the support of centrists and leftists as well. As I have pointed out on several oc-casions, many long-time Democrats you might not expect have even com-plimented Judge Gorsuch—people like President Obama’s former Acting So-licitor General Neal Katyal, President Obama’s legal mentor, Professor Lau-rence Tribe, President Carter’s district court appointee, Judge John Kane, President Clinton’s appointee to the Tenth Circuit and former chief judge of that court, Judge Robert Henry, and liberal Harvard Law Professor Noah Feldman, and so many more. Judge Gorsuch has such a proven record of judicial independence and im-partiality that people from the left to the right and everywhere in between have voiced their confidence in his fit-ness to serve on the High Court. That would explain why the American Bar Association—which, according to the Democratic leader and former Demo-cratic Judiciary chairman, is the ‘‘gold standard’’ for evaluating judges—gave Gorsuch its highest rating possible: unanimously ‘‘well qualified.’’ So let’s be clear. The support for Judge Gorsuch is anything but one- sided. The Democratic leader also noted his concerns yesterday about the process by which we arrived at this point. As we all know, this Supreme Court nomi-nee process has been historically trans-parent. Here is what I mean. Months and months ago, then-Presidential Candidate Trump took the unprece-dented action of compiling a list of po-tential nominees he would consider nominating to the Supreme Court. These potential nominees were made public for the American people, includ-ing every Senator, to review. Before making his selection, now- President Trump’s White House con-sulted on a bipartisan basis with each and every Democrat on the Senate Ju-diciary Committee, as well as numer-ous other Senators. The President fol-lowed through with his pledge, select-ing from that public list Judge Neil Gorsuch of Colorado, who we can all agree is well qualified to serve on the Supreme Court and whom the Senate confirmed to his current position with-out a single vote in opposition. Since being nominated, Judge Gorsuch has continued this transparent process by meeting face-to-face with nearly 80 Senators—from both parties, obviously. So you see, this process has been as straightforward and bipartisan as pos-sible from the very beginning—before we even knew that the President would, indeed, be making this nomina-tion. Only in the upside-down world of my Democratic colleagues is telling the entire world months before one is even elected President the list of people he would choose from, if he became the President, a ‘‘secret’’ process. I can’t think of anything less secret than put-ting out that list in the middle of a hotly contested Presidential election process. So, look, it is time to move beyond this hollow rhetoric and get back to the serious business of governing. Con-firming Judge Gorsuch would mark a significant step in that direction. He has proved himself a worthy successor to the Supreme Court. He has earned high acclaim along the way from var-ious news publications and lawyers and judges and clerks who represent all walks of life and all political ideologies. People like David Frederick, a long- time Democrat and board member of the left-leaning American Constitution Society, may have summed it up best in a recent Washington Post op-ed. Here is what he said: ‘‘The Senate should confirm [Gorsuch] because there is no principled reason to vote no.’’ No principled reason to oppose him, none. As this American Constitution Soci-ety member says, there is not one sin-gle principled reason to oppose Judge Gorsuch, so it makes sense that Demo-crats can’t come up with a single sub-stantive reason to oppose him either. I suggest the absence of a quorum The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, as we prepare to consider the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court, I would like to take a moment this morning to discuss the false choice Republicans are presenting about his confirmation. The Republican majority wants ev-eryone to believe that by the end of next week one of two things must hap-pen: Either Judge Gorsuch will pass with 60 votes or they must exercise the nuclear option and change the rules of the Senate so that he can pass on a simple majority vote. As Republicans tell it, one inexorably follows from the other. They are talking about next week as if they have no choice but to go nuclear if Judge Gorsuch doesn’t earn 60 votes. It is absolutely false. It is complete hokum. This is not some inevitable showdown. The Republicans control this body. They can choose to go nu-clear or not. The ball is entirely in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Mar 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.002 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2121 March 30, 2017 
their court. In the past, when a Presi-dent’s nominee didn’t get enough sup-port for confirmation for whatever rea-son, the President just picked another nominee. If it comes to that, that is what this President should do. If Judge Gorsuch fails to garner 60 votes, the answer isn’t to irrevocably change the rules of the Senate, the answer is to change the nominee. It is not Gorsuch or bust. The Republicans are playing a game of unnecessary and dangerous brinksmanship. If it comes to a rules change—and I sincerely hope that it does not for the sake of the grand tra-ditions of this body, for the sake of the advice and consent clause of the Con-stitution, but if it does—it will be squarely on the shoulders of the Repub-lican Party and the Republican lead-er—a Republican Party that broke 230 years of precedent when it refused to even consider President Obama’s nomi-nee, Chief Judge Merrick Garland, with almost a year left in Obama’s Presi-dency. There was no vote—not even a hearing—and Republicans accuse Democrats of the first partisan fili-buster of a Supreme Court nominee? What Republicans did to Merrick Gar-land was worse than a filibuster. They didn’t even grant him the basic cour-tesy of a filibuster. Merrick Garland actually was a consensus nominee with Republican buy-in for the Supreme Court. Second, President Trump totally dis-patched with the notion of ‘‘advice and consent’’ by pledging, before he was even elected, to nominate a Supreme Court Justice off of a preapproved list of hard-right, conservative judges put together by the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society. Contrast that with Bill Clinton, who sought and took the advice of the Republican Judi-ciary Chairman, O
RRIN HATCH , in nomi-nating Justices Ginsburg and Breyer. He did not pick his first choice, Bruce Babbitt, because O
RRIN HATCH said that would be a bad idea and could not bring the kind of unity we needed. How about Democratic President Obama, who took, again, the advice of O
RRIN H
ATCH when he picked Merrick Gar-land. There was bipartisan consulta-tion. That is why the process worked. There is none now. The Heritage Foun-dation and the Federalist Society are not simply mainstream organizations, as every Republican knows, but they are organizations on the hard-right of the Republican side who often threaten Republicans if they don’t vote the right way—the far-right way. So we are not talking about ‘‘advise and con-sent.’’ We are talking about something that was done without any consulta-tion and a political move by a Presi-dent to shore up his base with the hard rightwing. What President Trump did was worse than simply ignoring article II of the Constitution. President Trump ac-tively sought the advice and consent of rightwing special interest groups in-stead of the Senate. That is another Supreme Court-related precedent that the Republicans discard. Because Presi-dent Trump made that choice, now Re-publicans are saying they have no choice but to change the rules? It is il-logical and self-serving. For all the handwringing of my friends on the other side of the aisle that they cannot imagine Democrats voting against Judge Gorsuch, I would like to remind them that only three of the current Senators on the Republican side voted for either of President Obama’s con-firmed nominees. Let me repeat that. Only three of the current Senators on the Republican side voted for either one of President Obama’s confirmed nominees. Most voted for neither, and every single one of them lined up to conduct an ‘‘audacious’’ partisan blockade of Merrick Garland. It is true the norms and precedents and traditions have been eroded by both sides. We changed the rules for lower court nominees in 2013 after years of unprecedented obstruction by Republicans on routine circuit and dis-trict court judges. Still, I am on the record as regretting that decision. But this is in an order of magnitude much greater than that. This is the Supreme Court. This is the Court that is the final arbiter of U.S. law and the Con-stitution. We Democrats have serious principled concerns about Judge Gorsuch, his record, his long history of ties to ultraconservative interests, and his almost instinctive tendency to side with special power interests over aver-age citizens. We have principled con-cerns about how Judge Gorsuch was groomed by hard-right conservative billionaires, like Mr. Phillip Anschutz. We have principled concerns about how Judge Gorsuch was selected off a preapproved list of conservative judges made by organizations who spent three decades campaigning to move our judi-ciary far to the right. Judge Gorsuch had a chance to an-swer these concerns in his hearings. We were all waiting and hoping, but our questions were met with practiced eva-sions. He couldn’t even answer whether Brown v. Board was decided correctly. Instead of considering the possibility of another nominee should Judge Gorsuch fail to reach 60 votes, our Re-publican friends are threatening to press the big red button for him. Again, the Republicans are creating a false choice—Judge Gorsuch or the nu-clear option—in an attempt to avoid the blame if they change the rules, and it just doesn’t wash. The Republicans control this body. They are in the driv-er’s seat, and they are the only reason that we are here today. They held this seat open for over 1 year so that this President could install someone hand-picked by the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society—a lifetime ap-pointment for this President, whose campaign is under investigation by the FBI for potential ties to Russia. I just repeat to my Republican col-leagues: You don’t need to change the rules if Judge Gorsuch doesn’t get 60 votes. You are not required to do so. You just need to change the nominee and do some bipartisan consultation as Presidents of both parties have done in the past. f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT Mr. SCHUMER. Now on the ACA, Mr. President. The HHS Secretary ap-peared before the House appropriators yesterday and testified that, under his direction, the Department of Health and Human Services may try to under-mine our Nation’s healthcare system in several ways. Specifically, he hinted that he might make it easier for insur-ers to offer coverage without certain essential benefits and refused to say if he would continue certain programs that stabilize our healthcare markets. That is in line with steps this adminis-tration has already taken to under-mine the healthcare law, such as when they discontinued the public adver-tising campaigns that encouraged peo-ple to sign up for insurance. All of these things harm our Nation’s healthcare system, and they should be ceased immediately. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
DISAPPROVING A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of H.J. Res. 67, which the clerk will re-port. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 67) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Labor relating to savings arrange-ments established by qualified State polit-ical subdivisions for non-governmental em-ployees. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, all time is expired. The joint resolution was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? Mr. RUBIO. I ask for the yeas and nays. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Mar 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.003 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2122 March 30, 2017 
The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 99 Leg.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—49 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Corker Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Isakson 
The joint resolution (H.J. Res. 67) was passed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERV-ICES—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to H.J. Res. 43. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to H.J. Res. 43, a joint resolution providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by Secretary of Health and Human Services re-lating to compliance with title X require-ments by project recipients in selecting sub-recipients. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 50, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 100 Leg.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—50 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The VICE PRESIDENT. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 50. The Senate being equally divided, the Vice President votes in the affirmative, and the motion to proceed is agreed to. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I yield back all Republican time in rela-tion to H.J. Res. 43. The VICE PRESIDENT. The time is yielded back. The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, this vote had to be held open in order to allow time for Vice President P
ENCE to come down and break a tie. My colleagues and I came to the floor weeks ago to make clear that this harmful legislation should not come to the floor. Republicans didn’t listen to us, and they didn’t listen to women across the country who made it clear that restricting women’s access to the full range of reproductive care is unac-ceptable. We are not going to give up. We are going to keep holding them ac-countable, and we are going to keep making sure that women’s voices are heard. I want to thank all of my colleagues who have already come and will con-tinue to come to the floor today to stand against this shameful, dangerous resolution. The march that was held after Presi-dent Trump was inaugurated was one of the most inspiring events I have ever had the opportunity to be a part of. Millions of people—men and women— marched in Seattle in my home State, here in Washington, DC, and in cities and towns in between and all across the world. They carried signs, they chanted, and they made it absolutely clear that when it comes to women’s rights and healthcare, people across the country do not want to go back-ward. Since then, millions of people have continued to speak up and stand up. And last Friday, by the way, was no different. Republicans have been threatening for years now to dismantle the Afford-able Care Act, but it took just a few weeks for families nationwide to stand up and fight back and shut down a deeply harmful plan that would have taken healthcare away from tens of millions of people, spiked our pre-miums, targeted seniors for higher costs, and cut off access to critical services at Planned Parenthood. I was so inspired by the countless people who bravely shared their per-sonal stories about their health and their loved ones in order to make clear just how damaging—and even deadly— TrumpCare would have been. I am proud to say that women led the way and made it known, in no uncertain terms, that Republicans would be held fully accountable for the disastrous TrumpCare legislation. And try as they might, last week, Re-publicans couldn’t ignore them. This was an absolute, undeniable victory for women and families in this country. But while TrumpCare was dealt a sig-nificant blow last week, it is clear the terrible ideas that underpin it live on now, today, in this Republican Con-gress. It is unprecedented that we are here, with the Vice President breaking a tie vote on an attack on women’s health across this country. We are here today, once again, be-cause President Trump and Repub-licans in Congress are not getting the message. Today, continuing on their extreme, anti-women agenda, Senate Republicans are rushing now to roll back a rule that protects family plan-ning providers from being discrimi-nated against and denied Federal fund-ing. Let me explain a little bit about what family planning providers mean to our communities. Those providers that are part of the title X program— which has, by the way, bipartisan his-tory—deliver critical healthcare serv-ices nationwide, and they are espe-cially needed in our rural and our fron-tier areas. In 2015 alone, title X provided basic primary and preventive healthcare services—services like Pap tests and breast exams and birth control and HIV testing—to more than 4 million low-income women and men at nearly 4,000 health centers. In my home State of Washington, tens of thousands of pa-tients are able to receive care at these centers each year, and they often have nowhere else to turn for their healthcare. In fact, 40 percent of women who receive care at health cen-ters funded by title X consider it to be their only source of healthcare. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.004 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2123 March 30, 2017 
So taking resources away from these providers, which this resolution would do, would be cruel, and it would have the greatest impact on women and families who need it the most. It would undo a valuable effort by the Obama administration to ensure that healthcare providers are evaluated for Federal funding based on their ability to provide the services in question, not on ideology. In doing so, this resolu-tion would make it even easier for States led by extreme politicians to deny family planning providers Federal dollars, not because of the quality of care that they get or provide or their value to the communities they serve, but based on whether the politicians in charge—the politicians in charge— agree that women should be able to ex-ercise their constitutionally protected right to reproductive healthcare. This is wrong. It is dangerous, and we cannot let this stand. If Republicans think that millions of people who stood up last week have suddenly stopped paying attention, they are sorely mistaken. And if they think that Senate Democrats are not going to fight back, they have another thing coming. They can expect every single Democrat in the Senate—and I hope some Republicans who are con-cerned about losing healthcare pro-viders in their States—to fight back against this resolution with everything they have. This vote won by a tie vote, and the Vice President was the tie vote. It will take one Republican this afternoon on the final vote to say yes for the women in their State and States’ rights to say no. That is all we are asking for the women of this country. While I have the floor, I want to say we should all be aware there is more headed our way. In a matter of weeks, we all know that government funding is going to run out. Everybody under-stands this. I know that since they didn’t get their way last week and they are pushing this resolution so hard today to the point where they bring the Vice President to break a tie, it is a safe bet that extreme Republicans are going to try to attach riders that try to take away Planned Parenthood funding in the spending bill for the rest of this year. So I want to be very clear from the outset: That is a complete nonstarter. We have been here before. We have shown that we can win, and we are going to fight these efforts every step of the way. So I urge people across the country to let their Senators know that this is not acceptable. Stand up for women and families and for their rights to take care of their own reproductive healthcare at the facility that provides for them in their own communities. I urge my colleagues: Don’t make the same mistake again. End the damaging political attacks on women, and stand with millions of women and men and families. They need us. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The clerk will report the joint resolution. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by Secretary of Health and Human Services relating to compliance with title X requirements by project recipients in selecting subrecipients. 
Mrs. MURRAY. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I rise today in a near empty Chamber. Indeed, there is no Republican col-league here today. Our Republican col-leagues have yielded back all their time on this resolution, and the reason they have yielded back all their time is that they apparently have no interest in appearing here and talking about a resolution of disapproval of a rule that is vital to ensuring that women have access to the family planning provider of their choice. It is really that simple. Defending Planned Parenthood is what we have done on this side. Defunding Planned Parenthood has been the interest on the other side of the aisle. They have also taken an inordinate interest in reinstating gender ratings in health insurance and are now dam-aging title X networks through this resolution. They have demonstrated an unmitigated desire to cut women’s ac-cess to healthcare in order, apparently, to win political points. But their ac-tions today show that the politics of this issue and, most importantly, the people of America are not on their side. Title X is a critical program deliv-ering important family planning and preventive health services in under-served areas of our great Nation. In 2015 alone, title X programs provided basic primary and preventive healthcare services. We are talking about Pap tests, breast exams, birth control, and HIV testing for more than 4 million low-income women and men at nearly 4,000 health centers across the country. For 40 percent of women, their visit to a family planning health center is the only healthcare they re-ceive annually. Think of that number for a moment. Forty percent of those women have no access elsewhere except at these healthcare centers. By overriding this regulation, Repub-licans will allow States and title X grantees to pick and choose who pro-vides these services based on arbitrary criteria that have nothing to do with the quality of services patients will re-ceive. It is no wonder that none of them is here to talk about it. Now, if they were here—and they have said so in public—they might argue that they support this resolution because they oppose abortion. So let me be clear. This regulation is about access to fam-ily planning services, not about access to abortion. I know many of my colleagues dis-agree with me that abortion should be safe and legal. They have shown that disagreement by their repeated at-tempts to undermine Roe v. Wade and make it harder for women to access constitutionally protected healthcare. While they may disagree, it is still the law of the land. In any event, this regulation is not about access to abor-tion. This regulation is about ensuring that States cannot discriminate against qualified providers that are an essential part of a safety net that serves women who have no place else to go. Those providers are willing to pro-vide necessary, culturally sensitive care to individuals who otherwise would simply be without access to that care. Title X funding does not go to abor-tion services. It goes to provide much needed family planning services. There is so much that the title X program does that I believe my colleagues would agree is absolutely vital to the health of women. I know we agree on wanting to reduce teen and unintended pregnancies. Without the contraceptive care provided by title X sites, the teen pregnancy rate would be 30 percent higher and the unintended pregnancy rate would have been 33 percent higher. We should agree on that point. We should also agree on wanting to find ways to save money in the healthcare system. In 2010, health serv-ices provided at title X centers resulted in net savings of $7 billion in Federal and State funds. Those savings are in-dicative of the fact that every dollar invested in publicly funded family planning saves taxpayers $7. That is a great deal for the taxpayers of our Na-tion. That is a humane and profoundly significant deal for the women whose lives are bettered. We should all agree that preventing disease and saving health and lives is not only about dol-lars and cents. It is about the future of our Nation. Title X began as a bipartisan pro-gram to support family planning serv-ices over 40 years ago, an era that was less divisive and when this Chamber was less divided. I urge my colleagues to recognize the importance of ensur-ing these services. States cannot re-strict an already overburdened net-work of safety net providers. Family planning services are pro-vided through State, county, and local health departments, as well as hos-pitals, family planning councils, Planned Parenthood, and federally qualified health centers. Providers that focus on reproductive health comprise 72 percent of all title X-supported sites, and they are critical to delivering high-quality family planning services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Mar 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.006 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2124 March 30, 2017 
They are particularly able to offer the full range of contraceptive methods and to help women start and effec-tively use the methods that will work best for them individually. There is simply no excess capacity in that safety net system now. For Repub-licans to allow States to remove pro-viders from the networks based on ar-bitrary criteria is simply unwise and, in fact, unconscionable. The foundation of the program’s success is the long-standing intent that its provider net-work be designed by the communities it serves to help patients have access to trusted, highly qualified, family planning providers. Just a few weeks ago, I met with some providers and volunteers from Planned Parenthood of North Hartford. I was deeply impressed with their dedi-cation, their skill, and their humanity. In a high-need, low-income community like North Hartford, access to primary care is limited. Young men and women who come to this clinic have chronic health conditions, such as diabetes, de-pression, high blood pressure, and headaches. Left untreated, they have to be addressed at emergency rooms at much higher costs. The clinicians recognized that there was an additional need for health serv-ices and for other providers in the com-munity to meet them, but they were currently unable to do so. So they de-cided to initiate full-scope primary care services in Hartford, in addition to the comprehensive women’s health services, so as to fully serve the men and women who choose to come to Planned Parenthood of North Hartford for their reproductive health and fam-ily planning care needs. Patients there are seen for acute con-ditions and chronic problems, physicals, preventive vaccinations, as well as services to quit smoking. If there were ever a cost-effective pro-gram anywhere in the United States, then the North Hartford project is a sterling example. Just to give one example, recently, a young woman came to this Planned Parenthood for birth control. She was found to have high blood pressure. So her provider started her on blood pres-sure medication and counseled her on dietary and lifestyle changes. She started exercising regularly and im-proved her diet, lost 30 pounds, and no longer needed the medication to con-trol her blood pressure. Is that kind of treatment cost effective? The facts speak for themselves—the real facts— giving patients a choice, giving them a chance, giving them the counseling and care they need to save dollars and save lives. Community healthcare centers like that in North Hartford simply cannot accommodate all the family planning patients who would lose coverage or funding if title X funds to Planned Par-enthood affiliates, like Planned Par-enthood of Southern New England, are eliminated. That is a lesson of this Planned Parenthood that is undeni-able. That may well be why our Repub-lican colleagues have yielded back all of their time. The real facts are undeniable. The real need is irrefutable. My colleagues and I are here today not because we are asking for more money or a change in how the funding program is used. We are standing up and speaking out against shortsighted efforts that would restrict access to family planning serv-ices for some of the most vulnerable patients—many of them voiceless in these halls; faceless, otherwise—in areas that are least able to absorb this cruel and inhumane change in the rules. I ask my colleagues to oppose this resolution and to stand strong for women’s and men’s healthcare across the country. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, the Con-gressional Review Act, or CRA, resolu-tion we are debating today is the latest attack in the unrelenting Republican crusade against funding—or defunding—Planned Parenthood. They have tried everything: passing stand- alone bills, attaching poison pills to must-pass bills, threatening a govern-ment shutdown, struggling and failing to pass TrumpCare. Today, we are debating whether to repeal an administrative action that protects abortion providers, like Planned Parenthood, that receive title X funding. Just a little while ago, Vice President P
ENCE was here to break a tie because Republicans in Congress couldn’t get enough men to tell women what to do with their bodies. For nearly 50 years, title X funding has helped low-income Americans ac-cess vital health services like birth control and cervical and breast cancer screenings. Title X funding has been a healthcare lifeline for millions of women in all parts of the country. But if this Congressional Review Act reso-lution is passed, Planned Parenthood clinics across our country can be pro-hibited from receiving title X funding, even though it is currently illegal to use Federal dollars to fund abortion services. Let me repeat: No Federal dollars can be used to fund abortion services, period. I understand the strong anti-abortion belief held by some of my colleagues, but I don’t understand why this trans-lates into relentless attacks on an or-ganization that uses no Federal funds for abortion. Planned Parenthood uses Federal funds to provide vital healthcare services to millions of peo-ple, mainly women. Yes, I acknowledge there are men who go to Planned Par-enthood also. In 2014, Planned Parenthood provided over 600,000 cancer screenings and over 4 million tests and treatments for sexu-ally transmitted infections. But this is a factual argument, and we have learned over the years that many of my Republican colleagues simply will not listen to facts when it comes to Planned Parenthood. Let me share a few stories from my constituents about the trans-formational impact Planned Parent-hood has had in their lives. Perhaps after hearing these stories, we will think twice about attacking the vital services Planned Parenthood provides all across our country. Hawaii is home to a large military community. Taylor from Honolulu is a military spouse who wrote to me that she and other military dependents turn to Planned Parenthood because of long wait times and confidentiality con-cerns within the military healthcare system. Taylor wrote: My friend was experiencing severe cramp-ing and pelvic pain to the point where she had to utilize a sick day. When she visited the medical services provider through the military, they scheduled her for an appoint-ment for four days out. She was sent home with no pelvic exam or ultrasound. The pain was so severe that she went to Planned Par-enthood because she could not wait to see her primary care physician. They imme-diately performed a pelvic exam, an ultrasound, and an STD screening. She was diagnosed with pelvic inflammatory disease. Annually, 100,000 women become infertile as a result of PID, so receiving quick treatment for this condition is critical. 
Taylor continued: 
Defunding Planned Parenthood means that individuals who experience common repro-ductive healthcare issues like this would have lessened chances of receiving quick, necessary and comprehensive medical care. Had it not been for Planned Parenthood, she could have lost her ability to have children in the future. 
Do my Republican colleagues want to deprive military spouses of vital healthcare services? I also heard from Tiffany, a student at the University of Hawaii, who went to a Planned Parenthood clinic after a pregnancy scare. She wrote: 
I was afraid because I knew that having a child was beyond my means. I was just start-ing out my university years at 21; and I have extremely conservative parents who would have surely not approved of my actions. I knew how difficult having a child was for someone in my situation, especially while going to school, and risking sacrificing my future, my key to stepping out of poverty, was not an option. I was unemployed and had Medicaid at the time as well, and Planned Parenthood accommodated my financial sit-uation. Thankfully, I discovered I was not preg-nant, and Planned Parenthood took the extra time to sit me through my options without any judgment whatsoever. I was also prescribed birth control, offered an STD test, and was given Plan B in the event I ever missed my birth control. The sense of relief, reassurance, and care I felt walking out of the clinic left me with a very strong impres-sion, especially after so many days of anx-iety. 
Do my Republican colleagues want to take away resources that help thou-sands of young women like Tiffany ful-fill their full potential? These stories aren’t rhetoric. They aren’t hyperbole. They aren’t spin. They are powerful reminders that each day, women turn to Planned Parent-hood in a time of need. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Mar 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.007 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2125 March 30, 2017 
Some of my colleagues have argued that all these thousands of women who go to Planned Parenthood clinics can go to community health centers if Planned Parenthood clinics have to close because of defunding. This morning, I met with over a dozen leaders from Hawaii’s commu-nity health centers. So I asked them, could you take in all of Planned Par-enthood’s patients? Their answer was an unequivocal no. Our communities cannot afford to lose Planned Parent-hood clinics. A vote for this CRA is a vote to de-prive women like Taylor and Tiffany and millions more throughout our country of these important healthcare services. Let’s stop these attacks on women’s healthcare. I urge my col-leagues to vote no. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). The Senator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I come to the floor to join my colleagues in opposing this misguided measure, which would leave millions of women and families with fewer healthcare op-tions, and it would drastically decrease women’s access to basic primary and preventive health services, including lifesaving cancer screenings and HIV testing. Make no mistake about it, as my col-leagues have said, the primary target of this legislation is Planned Parent-hood. For years now, we have seen Re-publican leaders in Congress attempt to defund this essential healthcare pro-vider, which serves millions of women nationwide, including nearly 12,000 women in New Hampshire, most of them with incomes below or near the poverty line. The sad irony of these at-tacks is that study after study has shown that restricting access to birth control and other family planning methods actually increases the number of abortions. The authoritative Guttmacher Insti-tute estimates that in 2014 alone, con-traceptive care provided under title X helped women avert more than 900,000 unintended pregnancies and 326,000 abortions. Without contraceptive care provided by title X funded centers, the U.S. rates of unintended pregnancy and preventable abortions would be an esti-mated 33 percent higher, and the teen pregnancy rate would be 30 percent higher. At the end of the Obama administra-tion, teen pregnancy in the United States was at its lowest point since we have been keeping track. As Senator H
IRONO said, these services don’t pro-vide abortions. Federal law expressly forbids the use of Federal funds to pay for abortion, except to save the life of the mother. So the real issue here is not about abortion. This is about ensuring that American women have access to the basic healthcare they need, where they want to receive it. This is just a mean- spirited effort to keep women from see-ing the provider they want to see and getting care at rates they can afford. For 40 percent of women, their visit to a family planning center is the only care they receive annually. In 2015 alone, title X provided basic primary and preventive healthcare services such as Pap tests, breast exams, birth control, and HIV testing to more than 4 million women and men at nearly 4,000 health centers. Planned Parenthood plays an essentially impor-tant role in delivering health services to low-income, uninsured, and vulner-able individuals, including in rural areas. I am sure that every person in this Chamber has received letters and emails and phone calls from constitu-ents on this issue. They are pleading with us: Don’t take away our access to healthcare from Planned Parenthood. I received a letter from Sandra Sonnichsen of Goshen, NH. She writes: Planned Parenthood was my only afford-able source of gynecological healthcare for most of my life. I received good, wise, and thoughtful care. I think it is not extreme to say they saved my life. Abortions were not involved. They— 
Meaning Planned Parenthood— 
remain very important, especially for poor or uninsured women. There are not enough alternate low cost women’s clinics available. Not providing birth control services to women who want it is not a good economic or social solution. Don’t let it be defunded. 
In a follow-up call, Sandra said that without Planned Parenthood, she would not have had any healthcare at all. Because her mother died of breast cancer, Sandra is deeply grateful that she has been able to receive mammo-grams, thanks to Planned Parenthood. I also heard from Meredith Murray of Exeter, NH. She says: 
Nine years ago I graduated from college and immediately began my journey to be-come a medical provider. . . . During this time in my life, I was surviving almost en-tirely on student loans. And I knew that dur-ing this time, especially, I needed to ensure that I was doing all I could to prevent preg-nancy. . . . With my insurance—an IUD would have cost $900. That was not possible for me to afford. Then I remembered— Planned Parenthood. . . . I was informed, due to title X funding, my IUD would be completely covered. I continued to use Planned Parenthood services for the next 5 years for my routine screenings while in medical school. The care I received was phe-nomenal. As I proceeded through my medical training, I strived to be as kind, compas-sionate, and knowledgeable as those who work Planned Parenthood health centers. I am now a practicing medical provider, mar-ried, and still using an IUD because Planned Parenthood offered me that opportunity. 
I received this letter from Samantha Fox of Bow, NH. She writes: 
In 2007, I was a 19-year-old just barely starting out when I was denied health insur-ance due to a preexisting condition. Had I been able to access affordable coverage, my preexisting condition, a reproductive system disorder, would have been easily manage-able. . . . At that time, I was able to access care through Planned Parenthood, which likely preserved my ability to conceive in the future. And finally, let me share this mes-sage from Robina Parise of Rye, NH. She says: 
I started utilizing the services at Planned Parenthood for birth control when I was about 17 years old. . . . Planned Parenthood made sure I was protected and healthy. They gave me access to vital protection and healthcare when I could not get it anywhere else. They regularly called me with remind-ers to have exams and to pick up my pre-scription. Planned Parenthood is the reason my husband and I were able to graduate from high school and college. . . . I’m not sure what our lives would be like now without their support. 
I don’t know. Do the people who are voting for this CRA believe it would be better to have allowed the people whom I just talked about—to prohibit their access to these healthcare serv-ices so that their lives would have been disrupted, so they might not have fin-ished college, so we wouldn’t have an-other doctor in the world, so they wouldn’t be able to afford healthcare? I hope we will listen to our constituents who have been speaking out in pas-sionate support of Planned Parenthood and other family planning clinics. This is about respecting women’s ac-cess to healthcare services, including millions of vulnerable women who have nowhere else to turn for essential care. This is also about respecting women’s constitutionally protected right to make our own reproductive choices. We must not allow Congress to strip away investments in family planning clinics by allowing States to discriminate. Finally, I want to point out that we haven’t heard from any of our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle who are voting for this measure about why they think it is so critical. I don’t know. Maybe they are not willing to come to the floor and tell my constitu-ents why they should be denied access to healthcare from the provider they want. Well, I am disappointed that we haven’t heard from anyone who is will-ing to stand up and defend this vote. I hope they are going to have to defend it to the American people. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I want to thank my colleagues who are here speaking out against this shame-ful resolution that is before us today that goes after women’s rights and their opportunity to make their own healthcare decisions with their own provider. I, too, want to echo the comments that were just made. I find it amazing that the Republicans have yielded back all of their time. They are not going to come out here and defend their vote; they are just going to take the vote. In fact, it seems clear to me that President Trump is clearly focused on attacking women’s healthcare—so much so that he sent his women’s health adviser, Vice President P
ENCE , here just moments ago to break a tie on this latest disgusting attack on women’s healthcare. It is truly appall-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Mar 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.008 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2126 March 30, 2017 
Women and men across the country are watching what is happening here today, watching what Republicans are trying to do, and they are paying at-tention. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Madam President, I wish today’s res-olution was the only shameful attack on women’s health to talk about, but sadly that is not the case. So I do want to take a few minutes at this time to talk about another one that is very critical to women and families—not just today, but actually for years and years to come it will be happening, and that is the Supreme Court. Last week I announced I would be voting against Judge Neil Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court, and I will oppose a cloture motion ending debate. I did not reach that conclusion lightly. I consider my decisions about whether to support a lifetime appoint-ment to the Supreme Court to be among the most important and con-sequential choices I make as a Senator. But I made it in part because this is not a normal nomination. This process really began about 12 months ago when Senate Republicans refused to even consider President Obama’s nominee to the Supreme Court, Judge Merrick Garland. And be-cause since President Trump entered office, he has shown complete disregard for the law, for our Constitution, for the well-being of families across the country, leaving me unable to trust that he is acting in our Nation’s best interest, I am unable to support his choice for the Supreme Court. In addition to my deep concerns about this process and this administra-tion, I also have strong concerns about this nominee specifically. Today, as Republicans appear to be rushing Judge Gorsuch’s nomination through the Judiciary Committee as fast as they can, I want to lay out why putting Judge Gorsuch on the Supreme Court would be an attack on women’s health, rights, and opportunity, one that has the potential to undo decades of progress we have made toward making sure women are equally able to partici-pate in and contribute to our country. The Trump administration has bro-ken almost every one of its promises, but one it has certainly kept is its promise to do everything in its power to turn back the clock on women’s health and women’s rights. Extreme Republicans in Congress are doing the same and have more, apparently, in store. Right now, we are debating whether to undo a rule that prevents discrimination against family planning providers based on the kinds of services they provide to women. Congressional Republicans are already gearing up to attach riders to the coming budget bills in order to cut off access to crit-ical services at Planned Parenthood for millions of patients in this country. There are similar attempts to under-mine women’s access to healthcare in cities and States nationwide. More often than we would like, the Supreme Court is going to be the place of last resort for protecting women’s hard-fought gains. The buck has to stop with the Supreme Court on wom-en’s health and rights. I do not want Judge Neil Gorsuch anywhere near the bench. Time and again, Judge Gorsuch has sided with the extreme rightwing and against the tens of millions of women and men who believe that in this 21st century, women should be able to make their own choices about their own bodies. Let me give a few examples. When the Tenth Circuit ruled in the case of Hobby Lobby v. Burwell that a wom-en’s boss—a woman’s boss—could de-cide whether her insurance would in-clude birth control, Judge Gorsuch didn’t just agree, he thought the ruling should have gone further. That alone would be enough for me to oppose this nomination, but unfortunately there is more. Judge Gorsuch has argued that birth control coverage included in the ACA as an essential part of a woman’s healthcare—one that has now benefited 55 million women—is what he calls a ‘‘clear burden’’ on employers that would not long survive. When it comes to Planned Parent-hood, he has already weighed in on the side of defunding our Nation’s largest provider of women’s healthcare. What was his reasoning? Well, Judge Gorsuch thought that in light of completely dis-credited sting videos taken by extreme conservatives, women in the State of Utah should have a harder time access-ing the care they need. Just this week, the makers of those false videos, by the way, got 15 felony charges. Women de-serve independence and objectivity in a Supreme Court Justice, and that is clearly not it. Attempts to control women’s bodies aren’t always about reproductive rights. Sure enough, Judge Gorsuch is on the wrong side here as well. He con-curred in a ruling against a transgender woman who was denied regular access to hormone therapy while she was in prison. This ruling re-jected the idea that under our Con-stitution, denying healthcare services is cruel and unusual punishment. Think about that. That is not the kind of judgment I want to see on the bench, and I think most families would agree. I also want to be clear as well about what Judge Gorsuch’s nomination could mean for a woman’s constitu-tionally protected right to safe, legal abortion services under the historic ruling in Roe v. Wade, which was, by the way, reaffirmed just last summer by the Court. In his nomination hear-ings, Judge Gorsuch wouldn’t give a clear answer on whether he would up-hold this ruling which has meant so much to so many women and families over the last four decades. Judge Gorsuch has donated repeat-edly to politicians who are dead-set on interfering with women’s constitu-tionally protected healthcare deci-sions, and he has even made deeply in-accurate comparisons between abortion and assisted suicide. I remember the days before Roe v. Wade very clearly. I heard and saw firsthand the stories of women faced with truly impossible choices during those times. Women from all across the country have shared deeply personal experiences because they know what it would mean to go backward. I know that millions of women who have al-ready done so much to lead the resist-ance against this administration and its damaging, divisive agenda are going to fight this nomination as hard as they can. They know the Trump Presi-dency will be damaging enough for 4 years, but Judge Gorsuch’s nomination could roll back progress for women over a lifetime. I am proud to stand with them and do everything I can to make sure they are heard loud and clear here in the Senate, and I oppose Judge Gorsuch’s nomination in light of everything it would mean for women now and for generations to come. Next week is when we will vote on that. Today here in the Senate, we just saw a historic moment. The Senate Re-publicans put forth a resolution that would allow States to deny funding to providers in their States who provide healthcare services for women—fund-ing that is desperately needed. They got only 50 votes, and those in opposi-tion got 50 votes, so they brought over the Vice President of the United States, and he broke that tie in order for us to be here to debate this resolu-tion now. This vote will now occur, under the order, later this afternoon, and he will be brought back once again to deny women the healthcare choices they deserve to have. It is a sad day for the Senate. I want my friends, colleagues, and the women who have stood up and have spoken out since the day after the elec-tion, marched here in Washington, DC, and across the country, to know that I stand with them. My voice will not be silenced. I will continue to fight back. I will say one more time that it will take one more Republican on the other side this afternoon—one—to stand up and let their voice be heard and say that women should get access equally in their States for the healthcare they deserve. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I rise to express my strong opposition to H.J. Res. 43, a resolution of disapproval with respect to the title X regulation— a resolution which effectively endorses discriminatory practices toward family planning and safety net providers. Title X is the Nation’s only Federal grant program that is dedicated solely to providing individuals with com-prehensive family planning and related 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Mar 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.010 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2127 March 30, 2017 
preventive health services. Last year, title X funding made it possible for nearly 4,000 health centers to provide basic primary and preventive healthcare services to over 4 million low-income women and their families. I am talking about critical services, such as Pap tests, cervical cancer screenings, contraception, breast exams, and HIV testing. In Maryland, there are 55 title X funded health centers that span the State. These include federally qualified health centers, local health depart-ments, Planned Parenthood clinics, and school-based health centers. In fis-cal year 2015, Maryland received over $3.8 million in title X funding and pro-vided health services to over 64,000 pa-tients. These are low-income, under-insured, and uninsured individuals who would otherwise lack access to such basic healthcare. As many of my colleagues know, Planned Parenthood, a high-quality health provider, has been under con-stant attack by the Republicans, who want to eliminate the organization’s Federal funding. Just last week, the Republicans’ Affordable Care Act re-peal-and-replace bill threatened to defund Planned Parenthood, which is a trusted healthcare provider, by elimi-nating clinics’ Medicaid reimburse-ments. This week, Republicans want to roll back protections that were put in place for family planning clinics and allow for discrimination against our Nation’s family planning providers. What I find even more disappointing is that this is a major policy shift for our Nation, and we are using a proce-dure known as the Congressional Re-view Act to make that decision. Yet those who support this are not even taking to the floor to defend it. This is outrageous that one would use a proce-dure to repeal this type of funding and not even be on the floor to defend those actions. In December of 2016, the Obama ad-ministration finalized the regulation before us today to protect family plan-ning providers from such discrimina-tion. The regulation was intended to protect access to care in States that have issued their own regulations and legislation that block family planning providers from receiving title X funds. By overriding this regulation, Repub-licans will empower States to pick and choose who provides these services, but it will be based on arbitrary criteria that will have nothing to do with the quality of services the patients will re-ceive. Republicans are actively condoning discrimination against pro-viders, which will, ultimately, deny women and their families access to family planning and preventive health services. It is not just Democrats who are con-cerned. Multiple healthcare providers have come out against this resolution because discrimination against any healthcare provider is wrong. Let me name just a few of the groups that op-pose this action: the American Acad-emy of Pediatrics, the American Acad-emy of Family Physicians, and the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. They are all alarmed because they know low-in-come, underinsured, and uninsured pa-tients will be unable to access needed health services if it passes. In Maryland, for example, 84 percent of the 64,000-plus patients served with title X funds have incomes at or below 100 percent of the Federal poverty line. That means that they earn $11,770 a year or less—under $12,000 a year. How do you expect these families to be able to get their healthcare needs met if this resolution of disapproval is passed? Ninety-four percent of title X patients in Maryland earn less than $29,425 a year. Overturning this regula-tion will hurt our most vulnerable communities. Let’s be clear about this. This is not about abortion. There is no Federal funding for abortion. This is about low- income men and women not having ac-cess to pregnancy testing, contracep-tive services, pelvic exams, high blood pressure and diabetes screenings, STD and HIV/AIDS screenings, infertility services, and health education. It is a war on the poor, and it is a war on ac-cess to preventive healthcare. The American people deserve better from their elected officials. I am com-mitted to fighting these reckless at-tempts to repeal a reasonable regula-tion that has been promulgated to pre-vent discriminatory practices that will harm thousands of low-income women and their families in Maryland and across our Nation. I urge my colleagues to reject this procedural resolution, which will allow discrimination and deny adequate care to low-income families. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, since coming to Washington, I have observed something interesting about Repub-lican politicians. Republicans talk a big game about respecting women, but when it comes time to vote on laws to help real, live, American women, a lot of Republicans turn their backs. Take P
AUL RYAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. Just a few months ago, Speaker R
YAN was ada-mant that American women deserve re-spect. ‘‘Women,’’ he said, ‘‘are to be championed and revered.’’ ‘‘Championed and revered’’—so what exactly does championing and revering women mean to Speaker R
YAN? Does it mean he will promote policies that make us healthier, that he will help us access basic medical services, that he thinks we can make our own decisions about our bodies without government interference? No. Over the past few months, Speaker RYAN has worked overtime on the American Health Care Act—a bill that would make it harder for millions of women to access healthcare. That mis-erable bill even included a special pro-vision singling out certain health clin-ics and stripping them of the funding they use to provide women’s health services. Last week, P
AUL RYAN failed to get that bill out of the House, but Repub-licans are back to take another shot at cutting women’s access to healthcare. This time the plan is to undermine the title X family planning program. This plan, just like their healthcare bill, is incredibly unpopular, even with Repub-licans who had to rush Vice President P
ENCE over from the White House this morning to cast a deciding vote to start this debate on attacking women’s healthcare. Title X is a bipartisan program start-ed back in 1970. It is the only Federal grant program dedicated to providing Americans with high-quality, low-cost family planning services. Title X fund-ed clinics provide birth control, cancer screening, STI testing, and counseling. Just so there is no confusion about this, title X dollars cannot be used to fund abortion services—none. In 2015 alone, title X clinics helped 2.9 million women access birth control. They provided over 700,000 Pap smears, performed 1.1 million HIV tests, and gave over 1 million breast exams. And P
AULRYAN’s way of making sure that women are ‘‘championed and revered’’ is to try to reduce their access to these lifesaving services. Last December, the Department of Health and Human Services passed a very simple rule to keep States from pulling political shenanigans to shut down women’s health centers. The rule prevents States from blocking a healthcare provider from the program ‘‘for reasons other than its ability to provide Title X services.’’ In other words, follow the law. If a provider is doing a bad job at delivering family planning services, by all means, kick them out of the program. But you don’t get to kick someone out because you don’t like the name of their organiza-tion or you don’t like their politics or because of your politics or because of any other dumb reason that has noth-ing to do with their ability to deliver women’s health services. In February, House Republicans voted to overturn this rule. So P
AUL R
YAN’s version of championing and re-vering women is to let States close down women’s health centers. Now Senate Republicans plan to do the same thing. Sure, Republicans give a bunch of reasons, but American women are not stupid. We know pretext when we see it. So let’s just call it like it is. Republicans want to weaken the title X program because they want to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.012 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2128 March 30, 2017 
it harder for women to access reproduc-tive health clinics, like Planned Par-enthood, that also provide safe, legal abortion services. Just so we are clear, there are over 3,900 title X funded health centers. Only 10 percent of those health centers are affiliated with Planned Parent-hood. The vast majority of centers get-ting title X money have nothing to do with Planned Parenthood, and the vast majority of Planned Parenthood’s ac-tivities have nothing to do with abor-tion. But women should be able to choose a reproductive health provider without the interference of Republican politicians, and millions of women choose Planned Parenthood every year. The Congress representing those women should stop demonizing Planned Parenthood and stand with Planned Parenthood. Yes, as it stands, title X makes sure that if women’s healthcare centers, in-cluding Planned Parenthood, offer first-rate care, then their work will be reimbursed. The Senate should reject any efforts to change that. Women in this country work their tails off. They should be able to choose their own healthcare providers. They don’t need a ‘‘champion’’ to choose for them. They don’t need to be ‘‘revered’’ into passive silence. Women want the respect that they deserve and to be able to access medical care without Re-publican politicians getting in the way. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the title X CRA. It is just a continued abuse of power, something we have never seen in this body—one after another, after another, along party-line votes—to overturn rules and overturn decisions that this govern-ment has made. It is disgraceful that this body is debating yet another effort that will threaten a woman’s right to healthcare. Title X ensures that women across the country have access to affordable healthcare, including family planning at clinics that are convenient and af-fordable. These are a vital resource for preventive care and for primary care. Overturning this rule will allow States to discriminate against pro-viders, allow States to pick and choose and potentially put thousands of healthcare centers out of business. We know that because we have seen this kind of activity in some State legisla-tures. These clinics are often the only places women and men have to turn to for basic health services. Why do this in the same week that the House, fortunately, failed to throw 20 million people off of health insur-ance and throw off 200,000 Ohioans who are getting opioid addiction treatment and who have insurance because of the Affordable Care Act? The House did not do that, but now the Senate wants to do this? Again, it compromises people’s healthcare, as it takes away, in some cases, their insurance and, in other cases, their clinics and health services they cannot get elsewhere. Some 6 in 10 women who turn to title X for visits to family planning health centers say it is their regular source of healthcare. Many of them have no-where else to turn. They either cannot afford healthcare elsewhere or they live too far away from another health center for there to be meaningful ac-cess to basic healthcare. Let’s be clear. This is not about defunding abortion, clearly. The Fed-eral Government does not provide fund-ing for abortions. I will say that again. The Federal Government does not pro-vide funding for abortions, period. I support a woman’s right to make a per-sonal, private healthcare decision for herself and with her doctor. No matter your personal feelings about abortion, whether you call yourself pro-choice or pro-life or something else, surely, we can agree that cancer screenings and programs that have helped bring down Ohio’s teen pregnancy and STD rates are a good thing. Cutting these services will have a real and serious impact on women and families across Ohio. If these actions by men—and it is, overwhelmingly, by men in Wash-ington—whose healthcare is paid for by taxpayers continue to chip away at women’s healthcare access, we will see more undiagnosed cancers, more un-treated illnesses, and more unintended pregnancies. I emphasize again that these are mostly men in this body, or men down the hall in the other body, who are vot-ing—men with insurance that is paid for by taxpayers. Their insurance is subsidized by tax dollars. Last week, down the hall, they voted to take away healthcare—in this case, mostly for women but also for men—for people who are getting opioid treatment. In case after case, privileged Mem-bers of this body, who get insurance paid for by taxpayers, take healthcare services away from, literally, millions of Americans. It is shameful. It is mor-ally questionable. It is something we, simply, should not do. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, what is the legislative situation? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate is considering H.J. Res. 43. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I wish to speak for just a few minutes about H.J. Res. 43. I see this as a misguided and unfortunate attack on healthcare for women. Certainly that is what I am hearing from women from the State of Vermont. Three months into the 115th Con-gress, the Senate has yet to consider real legislation aimed at addressing the many challenges we Americans face today. Instead, the Senate, with simple-majority votes—permissible through the rarely used Congressional Review Act—is rolling back key pro-tections for the American people that were put in place by the last adminis-tration. Never mind that the current administration has the power to ad-dress certain aspects of regulations that they wish to rewrite. No. They could address these. They could seek a rewriting of them. They could seek leg-islation. But, instead, Republicans in Congress are intent on using this blunt procedure to unravel years of very careful and deliberative work. These raw power plays are part of the Trump- Republican ‘‘know-nothing, anti- science’’ agenda, in which the winners are not the American people. They are not the women of my State. They are not the average person you might meet. Instead, they are typically the wealthy and powerful special interests and big polluters. They win, and the losers are real Americans. Today, we are considering the 12th such resolution, one that rolls back protections under the Title X program. Title X of the Public Health Service Act is the only Federal grant program dedicated to providing those eligible with comprehensive family planning and preventive health services. In rural areas—and every single State has a rural area, but my State is especially rural—we know that Title X is crucial in making sure women have access to the basic healthcare they need. Unfor-tunately, in recent years, some States have made exceptions about which pro-viders may deliver services under Title X, excluding family planning clinics. Seeing the burden these rules would place on women seeking healthcare, the Obama administration finalized a regulation in December 2016 that pro-tects these providers from this type of discrimination, and women from these hardships. The resolution we are con-sidering today would undo this regula-tion, once again allowing States to dis-criminate against providers, thereby limiting access to healthcare services for millions—that is not hyperbole; it really is millions—of women and their families. Worse still, the resolution would prevent a similar rule or regula-tion from being implemented in the fu-ture. In Vermont, our sole Title X provider is Planned Parenthood. Even in a State as rural as Vermont, no one has to drive longer than 45 minutes to reach a clinic. That is important to us. We con-sider 4 to 5 inches of snow a heavy dusting, but we often have 10 to 15 inches of snow. Nobody should have to drive farther than that to reach healthcare. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.013 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2129 March 30, 2017 
This type of access is critical for those who need these services. It is es-pecially important because for 40 per-cent of women, their visit to a family planning health center is the only healthcare they receive during the year. Vermonters are lucky because our State recognizes that this issue isn’t about abortion, it is about ensur-ing the best network of providers for the people of our State. But other States have already worked to under-mine family planning clinics like Planned Parenthood. The passage of this resolution will allow these discriminatory efforts to advance, especially discriminatory ef-forts against women. There is no ques-tion about it: A vote for this resolution is a vote against women. This resolu-tion would not only affect the lives of millions of American women, but it would also affect the lives of men and young people who trust and depend on family planning clinics for their basic healthcare needs, including for annual health exams, cervical and breast can-cer screenings, and HIV screenings. Last year in Vermont—keep in mind that Vermont has a population of just over 600,000 people—Planned Parent-hood centers provided vital primary and preventive services to more than 16,000 patients. In a small State like Vermont, this harmful impact cannot be overstated. Those who support this resolution argue that the States should be able to determine who receives Title X grants, and that women under this program can simply find another clinic to go to. Well, that is simply not the case. In fact, that argument is false. It is a lie. Family planning clinics overwhelm-ingly serve populations in rural and medically underserved parts of the country where access to healthcare, es-pecially for low-income individuals, is difficult. It is easy—easy—for Senators to vote to cut off this healthcare for women and children and people in rural areas because each one of us, if we need healthcare, can walk 2 minutes down this hall and walk to the Capitol physi-cian and say ‘‘I am a U.S. Senator. I need healthcare,’’ and we are going to get it. While that may be the reality for 100 people in this body, it is not the reality for millions and millions of peo-ple in every single State we represent. What this partisan resolution would do is force women and families in States who depend on family planning clinics for their healthcare to find an-other doctor—and often very few are available—or what is more likely, go without care at all. So they don’t get preventive care, they don’t get check-ups, and they don’t find the first indi-cation that they may be facing mela-noma or some other serious health problem. That undermines all of our ef-forts, which we should be joining, to strengthen our Nation’s healthcare system, to try to make our healthcare system at least as good as many other countries’, and to ensure access to care for everyone. This Republican resolution marks just the latest overreach and intrusion into women’s healthcare. We even voted for a resolution to allow people to spy on what you do on the internet, and then sell that infor-mation for their own profit, destroying your privacy, but making money doing it. Until the House failed to even take it up, the Senate was scheduled to con-sider a reconciliation bill this week that would have defunded Planned Par-enthood and would have allowed health insurers to deny coverage for mater-nity care, thus requiring women to pay more for health insurance. In the last Congress, it was more of the same—deny coverage for maternity care, and then go out and say: We be-lieve in the right to life. Clearly not so much for the mother when she needs maternity care. Should we really walk back from the remarkable progress we have made as a nation in women’s health? Of course not. But I am concerned that we will still see the same irresponsible attack surfacing again and again. Look, it is 2016; it is not 1917. It is time for the mean-spirited and ideolog-ical assaults on women’s healthcare to end. Women are not second-class citi-zens. My wife is not, my daughter is not, and my three granddaughters are not. They deserve the same access to care as men. I urge my colleagues to vote against this resolution that will degrade the healthcare and access to healthcare, of so many Americans. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to oppose the title X Congressional Review Act resolution of disapproval. This resolution would permit dis-crimination against family planning healthcare providers that provide pri-mary preventive and reproductive healthcare services to millions of women around the country. It will allow States to take away Federal funding from family planning clinics and make it much harder for millions of American women to meet with their healthcare providers and access basic care. I am struggling to understand, amidst all these problems we are hav-ing to solve in this country and around the world, why this Congress seems to have such a singular fixation on con-trolling women’s access to basic healthcare. This legislation is so far out of touch with the actual needs of our constituents. If we cut funding for women’s health clinics, is that going to create more good-paying jobs? Is it going to open more factories in our up-state rural towns? I don’t believe it will. It is certainly not going to make anyone healthier. There are millions of American women, including thousands of women in my State of New York, who rely on title X health clinics for treatments, preventive care, and for family plan-ning services. They need these health clinics because they provide contracep-tion counseling, cancer screening, and medical expertise right there in their communities. Many of the women who use these services have nowhere else to go for access because title X clinics are often the only affordable option for them and may even be the only place within driving distance of their com-munities. Yet, once again, my col-leagues are pushing legislation to limit women’s options for accessing healthcare and making it harder for thousands of New York women to get the care and treatments they need. I continue to be amazed by how little empathy there seems to be for millions of women in our country who don’t have the resources to travel to a major hospital outside of their communities and desperately need these local clinics to stay healthy. Let’s be very clear about who this legislation would hurt the most. This bill will hurt women in small towns and rural communities more than any-one else. It will cause lower income women to struggle even more. Every single one of my colleagues has many women in their States who rely on title X clinics and would suffer if these clin-ics had their Federal funding taken away. So I urge my colleagues in this Chamber: When it is time to vote on this legislation, think about the women who live in your States. Think about the women who live in small towns and rural communities who are just trying to access basic women’s healthcare services that they can af-ford. Think about the women who don’t have big hospitals or big cities nearby. Think about the women who don’t have enough money to travel. The bill is going to hurt them. It will make their lives harder, not easier. We all have the responsibility to stand up for the women in our States, and that includes defending their ac-cess to healthcare and basic family planning services. I urge my colleagues to vote against this very discrimina-tory resolution. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the Congres-sional Review Act measure, which would allow discrimination against title X family planning providers, which in turn could roll back access to family planning and preventive health services for women and their families in New Hampshire and across our coun-try. Throughout my time in public serv-ice, I have always fought to ensure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.015 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2130 March 30, 2017 
that women have meaningful access to the healthcare they need. I have fought to ensure that they can make their own healthcare decisions, and, in doing so, control their own destinies. To compete economically on a level playing field, women must be able to make their own decisions about if—or when—to start a family. They should not have to pay more than men do for healthcare. They should be able to visit providers of their own choice who un-derstand their healthcare needs. To fully participate not only in our econ-omy but also in our democracy, women must be recognized for their capacity to make their own healthcare deci-sions, just as men are. They also must have full independence to make their own health decisions, just as men do. During my time as Governor of New Hampshire, I restored family planning funds and pushed to restore State fund-ing for Planned Parenthood, and I am going to continue fighting to ensure that women have the care they need, while standing firm against efforts here in Congress to roll back the progress that has been made. Unfortunately, the vote we are tak-ing today is a continuation of a par-tisan agenda that has been focused on restricting the care that women and their families can receive. The fact that Vice President M
IKEPENCE was called in to cast the deciding vote to advance this measure shows just how far Republican leadership will go in order to undermine women’s access to critical healthcare. For more than 40 years, title X has provided women and their families with comprehensive family planning and preventive health services. When the legislation was originally passed in 1970, it was part of a bipartisan effort, with the support of prominent Repub-licans. In the years that have followed, title X has been essential in delivering important services to some of our Na-tion’s most underserved communities. That is why, in New Hampshire, title X and Planned Parenthood still have broad support in our communities, even if they have been the subject of political gamesmanship here in Wash-ington. Title X has support from Granite Staters because they have seen the real difference it has made in their lives and in the lives of their neighbors. They know that in some parts of the State there are no other options or, if other options do exist, they don’t pro-vide women with the same expertise and commitment to reproductive health that title X providers do. For those in rural communities, for low-income women and men, and for members of the LGBTQ community, title X supported health centers have been a major source of preventive care and reproductive health services, in-cluding cancer screenings, birth con-trol, HIV and STI tests, and counseling services. And title X’s important public health services translate into savings for taxpayers. In 2010, title X invest-ments resulted in net savings for Fed-eral and State governments of $7 bil-lion. The measure we are voting on today would undermine this progress and the safety net for countless citizens. This measure would allow States to dis-criminate against providers and take away investments in family planning clinics, ultimately taking away these key services for those who need them most. Last year, more than 4 million women and men at over 4,000 health centers across our Nation received care through title X. This includes around 20,000 patients in New Hampshire, in-cluding roughly 11,000 patients receiv-ing care through title X supported Planned Parenthood centers. Those services can’t just be replaced by other providers, even community health cen-ters that do great work. But two coun-ties in New Hampshire don’t have a community health center at all. Others don’t have the capacity to replace this work or this specialized experience that can make a critical difference to a woman’s health. In New Hampshire and other States, Planned Parenthood and the commu-nity health centers are often partners, working in tandem to get patients the reproductive healthcare they need. But when I hear from community health centers around New Hampshire, they tell me they would not be able to pick up the slack if Planned Parenthood is defunded. Make no mistake about it, this CRA, which would let States discriminate against providers in the title X pro-gram, combined with the consistent at-tempts to defund Planned Parenthood by some in Congress, would be a dis-aster for women in New Hampshire and all across the Nation. That is why a number of leading advocates have come out against these efforts to overturn title X regulations, including the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the American Acad-emy of Pediatrics, the National Family Planning & Reproductive Health Asso-ciation, the Human Rights Campaign, and dozens more. I share their concerns and oppose the measure we will con-sider today, and I am going to continue to fight against these attempts to roll back access to reproductive health and preventive services. It is critical that we have a healthcare system that ensures that all women and their families can get the care they need. What we cannot do is eliminate services and discriminate against providers who have been pro-viding critical, cost-effective healthcare to millions of Americans for decades. I strongly oppose this effort to undermine the title X program, and I will vote against this measure today. We need just one more vote, and I urge my colleagues to listen to the voices of their constituents and vote no today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, last week the Senate watched the House and the American people watched the House because the House was on the verge of taking away access to healthcare for 24 million Americans. Then last Thursday, a week ago from today, the House said: We are going to postpone that vote. We are not sure we have the votes to take healthcare away from 24 million Americans, but maybe we will vote tomorrow, Friday. That was 6 days ago. Friday came, and the House said: No, we are not going to do that vote today because we don’t have the votes. Why didn’t they have the votes? Be-cause across the country, millions of Americans said that taking away healthcare is the wrong thing to do—to take away healthcare from Medicaid expansion, the Oregon Health Plan; to take away healthcare by restricting standard Medicaid as it existed before ACA; to take away the healthcare bill of rights that people so much appre-ciated; to undermine the ability of low- income working families to buy poli-cies with significant subsidies on the exchange—all of that. The House set it aside. I thought that was tremendous because this week, we are not going to have a diabolical bill destroying healthcare here on the floor of the Senate. But the majority party decided: No, we can’t go a week with-out destroying healthcare, so we are going to put up this Congressional Re-view Act that would take healthcare away from 5 million mostly low-in-come women who gain access to healthcare through Planned Parent-hood. We won’t bring up on the floor the bill that failed in the House for 24 million Americans; no, we will just focus on 5 million mostly low-income women and take away their healthcare. That is what this vote is about right now, later today. Clearly this attack on healthcare for women across Amer-ica is wrong, just as it was wrong to try to destroy healthcare for 24 million Americans. It is an attack on women’s right to choose what to do with their own bodies. It is an attack on the basic decency and compassion of the Amer-ican people. Since 1970, the title X family plan-ning provider network has been dedi-cated to providing individuals with comprehensive family planning and critical health services, such as screenings for breast and prostate can-cer and sexually transmitted diseases. Just in 2015 alone, title X provided basic primary and preventive healthcare services, including Pap tests and breast exams and birth con-trol and HIV testing, to more than 4 million low-income women and men at nearly 4,000 health centers across the country. That is a huge impact on the health of the individuals served through title X. In 2010, title X services prevented 87,000 preterm or low birth weight births. I can tell you, when my wife Mary was carrying each of our two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.017 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2131 March 30, 2017 
children, I so much hoped that we would not have a complication that would result in a low birth weight birth or a preterm birth in which the child might not even survive. So failing to provide that care is really setting back not just the health of thousands of babies but maybe affecting whether they live or die. Title X services prevented 2,000 cases of cervical cancer. That is a big deal, cervical cancer, and it is a good deed to have title X services preventing it. For 40 percent of women in America, their visit to a title X family planning health center is the only healthcare they receive annually. So let’s be honest about what repeal-ing this rule means. It means family planning providers can be discrimi-nated against by States that want to withhold Federal funding from family planning providers for reasons other than their ability to offer family plan-ning services. It means less access to quality care and less access to afford-able care. By overriding this regulation, Repub-licans empower States to pick and choose who provides services on a cri-teria that has nothing to do with the quality of care patients receive. States have done this in the past, and it re-sulted in dramatically fewer women ac-cessing critical family planning and healthcare services. We know what this is about. It is about any Federal funding for Planned Parenthood, an organization that pro-vides care and resources to 5 million women every year. They have been doing it for 100 years. And they are the target. But what has been their mis-sion? Their mission has been to provide easy and affordable access to address reproductive health and enable women to make their own decisions about their healthcare. But now, thanks to this Congressional Review Act proposal before us, that principle is under at-tack, that principle of easy and afford-able access to women’s healthcare and women’s control over healthcare choices, to keep the politicians out of their choices. This resolution is about putting the politician in charge of the individual healthcare decisions of women in America, and that is just wrong. I encourage my colleagues to take a close look at this. You were spared having to vote on eliminating healthcare for 24 million Americans, but now you are required today to vote on eliminating healthcare for 5 million women—mostly low-income women—in America. Are you going to attack the healthcare of those women? Are you going to injure the babies they are car-rying? There will be more low birth weight and preterm babies. That is the wrong thing to do. Vote no. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, just yesterday, the White House held a forum on empowering women. Sean Spicer said the President made wom-en’s empowerment a priority through-out the campaign, but earlier today, Vice President P
ENCE traveled to the Capitol to cast a tie-breaking vote to move ahead on a resolution to under-mine women’s access to preventive healthcare. That doesn’t sound like women’s empowerment to me. Title X was enacted in 1970. It passed the Senate unanimously at that time and was signed into law by a Repub-lican President. Title X is the only Federal healthcare program dedicated solely to providing comprehensive fam-ily planning and other related preven-tive healthcare services so important to women, as well as preventive serv-ices for men. Last year alone, 4 million women and men at 4,000 health centers all across our country got basic care because of title X funding—critical Pap tests to head off cases of cervical cancer, coun-seling to help women plan for a healthy pregnancy, contraception, breast exams, HIV testing, vaccinations. These services prevented 87,000 preterm or low birth weight babies and 2,000 cases of cervical cancer. These health services also save money. The taxpayer saves $7 for every $1 invested in preven-tive healthcare. For more than 2 million people, the title X funded clinic is their only source of healthcare. This matters to small towns and rural communities all across Michigan, as well as all across the country. Title X funds clinics in three-fourths of all the counties in the United States. In Michigan, you can benefit from the services in the beau-tiful Upper Peninsula of Michigan, where I will be this weekend, where funds support the health department in Iron County, or the Planned Parent-hood clinic in Marquette—at the oppo-site end of the State, down in the southeastern corner—where funds sup-port the health department in Monroe County. So what are we voting on today? Plain and simple, this is an effort to take away women’s family planning and other healthcare services. Right now, title X funds are awarded solely based on the provider’s ability to serve the patient, as it should be. Repub-licans want to discriminate against certain family planning services, cer-tain providers, and reduce access to this care, frankly, based on politics or their own personal beliefs. The vote this afternoon is very sim-ple: It is about basic healthcare for women. A ‘‘yes’’ vote is a vote against women in Michigan and all across our country. A ‘‘yes’’ vote will take away healthcare. A ‘‘yes’’ vote will take away healthcare for millions of Ameri-cans. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote no. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, the majority is continuing its assault on women’s reproductive healthcare rights, this time using the Congres-sional Review Act to reverse a rule and tear a hole in our safety net for access to family planning and preventative healthcare. The resolution before us would overturn the Department of Health and Human Services’ rule, which reinforces regulations that pre-vent States from denying title X funds to health clinics like Planned Parent-hood, even though none of these funds are used for abortions. Repealing this rule would limit access to healthcare, which would harm public health in communities that rely on this funding. Congress created the Title X Family Planning Program with bipartisan sup-port in 1970 to help provide comprehen-sive basic primary, family planning, and preventative services to uninsured and low-income people. It continues to be the only Federal grant dedicated to providing family planning and preven-tive service. Recipients of the grants use the program’s funding to provide basic healthcare, such as cancer screenings, HIV testing, and family planning counseling to 4 million women and men. Both public and pri-vate entities run title X service sites. These sites broaden access to healthcare services in rural parts of our country. Often, they are the only option for the populations they serve. About 40 percent of women who use title X service sites say that they are their primary healthcare service pro-vider. Despite the benefits of the funding, States have taken actions that dis-criminate against family planning clin-ics. Texas, for example, slashed its family planning budget by 65 percent. As a result, Texas forced a quarter of its family planning providers to close their doors to patients in need. To ensure that States do not dis-criminate against family planning pro-viders, the Obama administration issued a rule that forbids States from withholding title X funding for family planning providers for any reason other than being unable to deliver effective services. This rule prevents States like Texas from attempting to defund need-ed providers like Planned Parenthood. This rule protects access to vital pre-ventive services that provide a safety net for our country’s most vulnerable patients. All people should have a right to af-fordable, high-quality healthcare. Re-versing this rule will deny critical healthcare services to women, men, and their families. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Ms. STABENOW. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I have to say that this is a sad day for the Senate. I know many of us here today—certainly my Democratic col-leagues—are truly appalled. Once 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.019 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2132 March 30, 2017 
again, instead of working on the many pressing issues at hand, Republicans are continuing their tired, dangerous obsession with attacking women’s health. Once again, women’s health is being used as a political football, with Re-publicans attempting to cut off access to vital healthcare services. Once again, millions of families across the country are watching Congress, won-dering why there isn’t just one more Republican who will stand up for them. The Republicans just held a vote open for nearly an hour to force a vote that would allow politicians to dis-criminate against family planning pro-viders. Of course, whenever they can’t make a vote, when women’s health is being attacked, whom do Senate Re-publicans call to break that tie in the Senate? Vice President M
IKEPENCE . We have actually seen this before. We all remember what happened in the nomination of Secretary DeVos, and we all know that enough is enough. This is shameful. This is wrong. It cannot stand. Families have spoken time and again, and they have made it abso-lutely career that when it comes to women’s rights and healthcare, they do not want to go backward. But today, thanks to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, thanks to Vice Presi-dent P
ENCE , the Senate will hold a vote on whether critical healthcare services should be taken away from millions of women across the country. Let’s not forget, it hasn’t even been a week since people nationwide com-pletely rejected TrumpCare, that disas-trous bill that would have undermined women’s rights and healthcare in so many ways. Now, here in the Senate today, we are about to vote on whether a young woman should be able to go to the pro-vider that she trusts to get birth con-trol; whether it is Pap tests, breast exams, birth control, or HIV testing, which should be more or less available to women across the country; whether healthcare providers are evaluated for Federal funding based on their ability to provide services or ideology; wheth-er women are able to exercise their constitutionally protected rights to re-productive healthcare; and whether the Senate is going to turn back the clock today on women’s health. For me and for Democrats, and I know even for some Republicans, it is disappointing, deeply disappointing, that we are even having this vote today—a vote that was jammed through, with 48 Democrats and 2 Re-publicans voting no and Vice President P
ENCE coming down to break the tie. Put simply, rolling back this rule today will put at risk women’s lives, like a constituent of mine from Ta-coma, WA. She wrote me a letter re-cently to tell me the many reasons this is so important to her. When she was 20, she was uninsured. She had no other options. A family planning center was there for her. Dur-ing a routine Pap test, her doctor dis-covered a precancerous condition in her cervix. That led to surgery, which saved her life and saved her fertility. Without access to that provider, she would not have been able to get a reg-ular Pap smear and checkup and most likely would have developed cervical cancer. She would not have been able to get pregnant, go on to have a daugh-ter, become a community college coun-selor, and today, at the age of 65, be cancer-free. I hope that some of my Republican colleagues are listening and that they think of women just like this, whose lives are healthier and have been saved because of the services of so many fam-ily planning centers. That is who I will be thinking about. That is what has al-ways kept me going. I urge people across the country right now to let Senators know that this vote today, this rule is not OK. It is not acceptable. Make phone calls. Go on Facebook. Tweet about it. Every-thing helps. Tell your Senator today that in about an hour, with their vote, to stand up for you, for your family, and for women across the country. We need only one more Republican— one more—to join us. This vote that we are about to have in about an hour is dead even, on the razor’s edge. Fifty Senators—48 Democrats and 2 Repub-licans—will vote to reject this harmful, disgusting resolution. We just need one more Republican to join us, to stand on the side of women and men and fami-lies, and put an end to this damaging political attack on women. I am sure people will hear about this. I am going to be here on the floor. Many of my colleagues are going to be out here talking about it. People na-tionwide will have the opportunity to know exactly where every Republican stands on this. I urge our Republican colleagues: Stop to think about what you are doing, taking away the ability of women in communities across our country to go to the provider they trust for the care that is most impor-tant to them, their families, and our country’s future. I urge them to make the right choice. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, most Americans agree—and I think last week’s vote in the House indicated— that there is something special about healthcare. This just isn’t the right of every American to own an SUV; it is the right of every American to have ac-cess to healthcare. That is really at the heart of our healthcare debate. There are some who believe that health insurance ought to be another product on the shelf, and if you have enough money, you can buy it. But there are others, like me, who believe it is more fundamental. Healthcare in America, as far as I am concerned, should be a right—not a privilege, a right—so that it doesn’t go just to wealthy people. Everyone should have that peace of mind. I have told the story many times on the floor of the Senate—and many of us are products of our own life experience. My wife and I got married when I was a student in law school here at George-town, in Washington. God sent us a beautiful little girl right away, but she had some medical problems—serious ones—and I didn’t have any health in-surance. I was a law student, had no real income, a wife, and a baby with a medical problem. I ended up sitting in the charity ward of the local children’s hospital with a number in my hand, waiting to see who would come through the door to pro-vide me with healthcare for my little girl. I had never felt worse in my life as a father, as a husband, to think that I had reached this point where I didn’t have health insurance, and I wasn’t sure that I was bringing the very best medical care to my little girl. Well, I never forgot that experience in the many years since, and I never will. I don’t believe anybody should be sitting in that chair, worried because they don’t have health insurance— whether they have the kind of healthcare that their family needs. I think that is at the heart of this de-bate on our healthcare system in America and its future. What we are talking about today is part of it, as well, because we had decided 40 years ago—maybe more—that we were going to make sure, if you were poor in America, as a woman, you would still have access to basic healthcare. Pov-erty would not exclude you from healthcare. So we created this title X program to provide healthcare pri-marily for low-income families but for women and children. The services that are provided are basic life-and-death services—everything from breast and cervical care screening, high blood pressure screening, anemia, diabetes testing, and so on. There is not much debate as to whether we should provide those serv-ices, but you know what this is all about. It is not about what I just read. It is about family planning, and it is about abortion. That is what this is really all about. The Republicans who are voting to deny women access to healthcare are saying: We are doing this to reduce the incidence of abortion. There is something they should admit: You cannot spend one penny of Federal money for abortion services, except in cases of rape, incest, or where the life of the mother is in danger. Not here in the United States, not overseas. What they say instead is: Well, we don’t want to provide any money to any place that might use their own funds for abortion services, like Planned Parenthood. So we have this amendment before us. For thousands of women and families in my State of Illinois, as Senator M
URRAY has explained, it means the Republicans—who were all for choice in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.022 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2133 March 30, 2017 
healthcare—don’t want women of lim-ited means to have their ultimate choice of Planned Parenthood for their services. So the Republicans have brought in the Vice President of the United States to vote in the Senate Chamber. For those who are following the Sen-ate, that doesn’t happen very often. It has to be a big deal. And it must be a big deal to the Vice President and to the Republican Party to bring back one of our colleagues, who has been on the mend from medical care, and to bring in the Vice President to make that dif-ference. Their argument is: Well, we are just trying to reduce the number of abor-tions. Well, if you have taken anything be-yond Birds and Bees 101, there are some things that you might know. We had a study in St. Louis that was reported in 2012 that tells many people who are at least aware of the basics of how chil-dren are born something that we knew already and knew intuitively. Here is what it found: 
The abortion rate in the St. Louis area de-clined by more than 20 percent from 2008 to 2010, coinciding with a research study that gave free birth control to thousands of area women. Although the drop in abortions in St. Louis cannot be attributed solely to the project, the abortion rate for the rest of Missouri— 
Not in the study— 
remained constant. Contraception is key to reducing unin-tended pregnancies and abortions, said Dr. Jeff Peipert. ‘‘We need to remove cost bar-riers,’’ Peipert said. ‘‘I think all women should have equal access.’’ Teenage participants— 
In this study— 
experienced a birth rate of 6.3 babies per 1,000 girls, compared with the national rate of 34.3, according to the study published . . . in the journal Obstetrics and Gynecology. There were an average of six abortions a year for every 1,000 women in the project, compared with the national rate of 20. 
Coincidence? I don’t think so. When you make family planning ac-cessible to potential mothers and to the families, people are educated and make informed choices. There are fewer unplanned pregnancies. There are fewer teenage pregnancies. There are fewer abortions. So the Republicans, by reducing the access of women to clinics and agencies that are providing family planning, re-duce the likelihood they will get the information they need and the likeli-hood that abortions will increase—ex-actly the opposite of what they say they are trying to do. Common sense dictates that—what-ever your position is on abortion and choice—if you believe that an unin-formed and uneducated young mother is the right person to make this deci-sion as to whether they are going to have a family, I think you understand what all of us do: Information, assist-ance, and quality healthcare is criti-cally important for women to make the right choice for themselves and their families and to avoid unplanned preg-nancies. We are now experiencing the lowest rates of unplanned pregnancies in the United States in the last 30 years and the lowest incidence of teenage preg-nancies in the last 30 years, and the abortion rate is going down. It works. It is connecting. This vote that the Republicans are forcing us to take—which the Presi-dent, I am afraid, would sign, if it were sent to his desk—really gets at the heart of the issue. If you want to re-duce the number of abortions in Amer-ica, if you want to make them safe, legal, and rare, as they say, for good-ness’ sake, provide basic family plan-ning information and services to women who otherwise might not have it. This is a war against Planned Par-enthood and a few other facilities that is mindless. It really is stopping infor-mation from people who desperately need it. Without that information, there will be bad results—bad results that often lead to abortions. So I would just say flat out that we don’t talk a lot about the A-word, ‘‘abortion,’’ on the floor, but that is really what is driving this debate. That is what is really behind it. I hope that one more Republican col-league will decide that if you are truly against abortion, you should be in favor of family planning and giving basic information and counseling to young women who need it. That was proven in St. Louis. It is proven by our human experience. I hope my col-leagues will join me in opposing this effort. I thank the Senator from Washington for leading this debate on the floor. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon on the pending business of the CRA that would allow States to discriminate against women’s healthcare providers. Before I begin, I want to recognize the members of the HELP Committee. Senator M
URRAY , who understands this issue as well as anyone in our caucus and speaks powerfully about it, has been such a great leader on these issues, even in these difficult times when we are in the minority. I think our entire caucus is grateful to her and all of the members of the HELP Com-mittee. It is an outstanding group of people. As my colleagues have explained, this CRA would empower States to dis-criminate against healthcare pro-viders, specifically title X family plan-ning providers. The practical result of this measure is that State legislatures would pass laws to deny certain pro-viders the funding they need to oper-ate, which would prevent access to family planning and preventive care for millions of American women. This CRA is just another example of the Republican war on women. It would let States treat women as second-class citizens who do not deserve the same access to healthcare as men. Some States say this is about abortion, but let me be clear. This is not about abor-tions. In fact, title X funding cannot be used to pay for abortion services. Some of our Republicans who are sort of tied in a knot on abortion say they are for other kinds of health services, contra-ception and things like that, but this would take that away. Our Republican friends could not get TrumpCare through, which sought to shut down Planned Parenthood for a year. Now they have moved on to this measure. It is just bad policy. Title X clinics are a critical resource for women, especially in rural areas. This bill would hurt those areas most. Many of my Republican friends rep-resent rural areas. I would like to re-mind them that in many of these places—and I have several in Upstate New York—these clinics are the only family planning and preventive care services that are available. Sometimes they are the only healthcare services available at all. I am sure that is why two of my Republican colleagues, with a great deal of courage—the Senators from Maine and Alaska—voted against moving to debate on this measure. They know that it would hurt women and hurt families in their States, par-ticularly in the rural areas, and, of course, Maine and Alaska are both rural States. For the second time this year, the Republicans had to beckon Vice Presi-dent PENCE down from the White House to break a tie here in the Senate on a measure that has bipartisan opposi-tion. President Trump, who once said, ‘‘No one has more respect for women than I do,’’ sent Vice President P
ENCE down here to the Senate to break a tie on a bill that would allow States to dis-criminate against women’s health pro-viders. The next time the President says, ‘‘No one has more respect for women than I do,’’ I would ask the women of America to not look at his words but his actions because this is just another example in which the President has said one thing, but his policies have done exactly another. I urge my Republican friends, par-ticularly those in rural States, where this could really hurt, to please think about it and vote against this CRA. We only need one more vote to stop this resolution that would allow States to dramatically reduce the access for women to essential healthcare serv-ices. I urge each of my Republican friends to consult their conscience be-fore they vote in the next hour. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.023 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2134 March 30, 2017 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise to express my opposition to the resolution of disapproval that is currently before the Senate, which would decimate Fed-eral title X funding for healthcare pro-viders across our Nation who provide vital preventive care and family plan-ning services. Let me put it in simpler terms. Re-publicans in Congress are once again rushing to advance legislation that will make it harder for Michiganians to get the healthcare they need. Just last week, we saw Speaker R
YANand Presi-dent Trump in their efforts to take away healthcare from 24 million Amer-icans and to defund Planned Parent-hood, but this is a new week, and we are seeing a new assault on healthcare. Today’s resolution is just the latest in a long series of attacks against Planned Parenthood. A vote for this legislation is a vote to make it harder for millions of Americans to access birth control, cancer screenings, and testing for sexually transmitted infec-tions. ‘‘Title X funding’’ sounds arcane, but it is actually pretty straightforward. It is a bipartisan program which was es-tablished more than 40 years ago and which provides individuals with family planning and preventive health serv-ices. Not one penny covers abortion. Let me say that again. Not one penny covers abortion—not one. This is estab-lished Federal law, and anyone who says otherwise is simply lying to you or has no idea of what he is talking about. We should take a step back and ask, what can we agree on here? I think every Senator would agree that we want to reduce unintended pregnancies and teen pregnancies and save money and prevent cancer. Today, unfortu-nately, we are voting to do the oppo-site. Right now, we have the lowest rate of teen pregnancies in our Nation’s his-tory, and we are getting ready to heav-ily restrict a successful program that saves $7 for every public dollar in-vested. Preventive screenings are quick, affordable, and save lives. Can-cer devastates families, ends lives, and is expensive to treat. Historically, low teen pregnancy rates have not hap-pened in a vacuum; they have happened because of concerted efforts to promote education and prevention and give women a say in their own health. The pain inflicted today will not be felt uniformly; it will disproportion-ately hurt people in rural and under-served areas in which these clinics are more often than not the primary sources of healthcare. Michigan has 19 Planned Parenthood clinics, and half are located in areas that are federally designated as ‘‘rural and medically un-derserved.’’ As a direct result of title X funds, Michigan family planning clin-ics prevent over 18,000 unintended preg-nancies and over 1,000 cases of sexually transmitted diseases and cervical can-cer each and every year. Every woman has a fundamental right to make her decisions about her reproductive health. The government has absolutely no right to stand in her way. I strongly oppose this resolution and implore just one more of my Re-publican colleagues to join me in stop-ping this misguided effort. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues in speaking about the harmful effects of this reso-lution of disapproval. I thank the Senator from Michigan for his words and for the very impor-tant point that we are seeing the low-est number of teen pregnancies that we have seen for a long, long time. Why would you want to mess with some-thing that is finally reducing the num-ber of teen pregnancies? I thank Senator M
URRAY , who has been here diligently leading in this ef-fort, because rolling this rule back will result in something very simple: It will result in less access to care for women and families. Title X funding supports vital family planning and related preventive care for low-income, uninsured, and young people across this country. Every year, more than 4 million people, including many who are living in rural and medi-cally underserved areas, go to the over 4,000 health centers that rely on this funding. This includes 41 service sites in Minnesota that provide access to cancer screenings, birth control, and testing for sexually transmitted infec-tions. In fact, 40 percent of women who receive care at title X clinics consider it to be their only source of healthcare—40 percent—which is in-credibly important in rural areas. One thinks of, just recently, in the last few years, the Zika scare. People wanted to go and get birth control. They wanted to know what they could do to prevent themselves from getting Zika in order to save the lives of their babies. This is true, and this is what will be happening if they make these cuts. The regulation we are voting on today should be common sense. It sim-ply makes clear that funds will be awarded solely based on a provider’s ability to serve a patient, and it guar-antees that women have access to the care they are entitled to under Federal law. We should be strengthening our ef-forts to provide better and more afford-able care that best serves patients. In-stead, repealing this rule will take es-sential services away from women when they need them most. By over-riding this regulation, States will now pick and choose who provides these services, which will be based on arbi-trary criteria that has nothing to do with the quality of services patients will receive. That should be our bench-mark—the quality of services. When States have done this in the past, it has blocked access to critical family planning and healthcare serv-ices for many women, including those in rural areas who rely on the health centers that need these funds. As Senator MURRAY said this morn-ing, women across the country have made it clear that restricting women’s access to the full range of reproductive care is unacceptable. We have a situation in which this ex-isting rule has yielded the lowest num-ber of teen pregnancies in years. We have a situation in which two of our Republican colleagues have joined us in opposition to this repeal. We have a situation in which the Vice President of the United States had to come in and break a tie. Do you know what I would say? I would say that this resolution should be disapproved of, that rolling this rule back will result in less access to care for women and families, and that this rule should stay in place. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I come to the floor today, just as I have many times before, to stop another rightwing attack on title X funding and to defend access to healthcare for millions of women. Not even a week has passed since the American people successfully beat back Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act and give insurance companies permission to charge women higher premiums simply because of their gender. Yet apparently less than a week is not too soon for Republicans to launch yet another attack on wom-en’s access to healthcare. This morn-ing, my Republican colleagues needed the Vice President of the United States to come to Capitol Hill and cast a vote to overturn protections for 4 million patients served by title X funded health centers every year. For many low-income women, title X funding is the lifeline that ensures their access to birth control, testing for sexually transmitted infections, cancer screenings, and other basic health services. In fact, 85 percent of the people served by family planning centers like Planned Parenthood have incomes below 200 percent of the Fed-eral poverty level. Approximately 20 percent of these patients identify as Latina, and approximately 14 percent identify as Black. In 2015 alone, title X funded nearly 800,000 Pap tests, breast exams to 1 mil-lion women, nearly 5 million tests for STIs, and 1 million HIV tests. Title X did not pay for a single abortion. In-deed, no Federal funding goes to abor-tion-related care. And indeed, for every dollar that title X funding spent, we saved about $4 and prevented nearly 2 million unintended pregnancies per year. Family planning services at New Jer-sey’s title X funded health centers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.024 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2135 March 30, 2017 
helped prevent 20,500 unintended preg-nancies in 2014, which would have like-ly resulted in 10,000 unintended births and 7,400 abortions. Without publicly funded family planning, the number of unintended pregnancies in New Jersey would be 21 percent higher. Title X funded services produce significant cost savings to the Federal and State governments. Services provided at title X supported sites in New Jersey ac-counted for nearly $232.9 million in such savings in 2010 alone. I hope President Trump knows that when my Republican colleagues vote to defund Planned Parenthood, they aren’t voting to stop a single abortion; they are voting to defund the family planning care that helps avoid un-wanted pregnancies and reduce the need for abortion. A vote to defund title X is a vote to defund breast cancer exams. A vote to defund title X is a vote to defund cer-vical cancer screenings. A vote to defund title X is a vote to defund test-ing for sexually transmitted diseases. The American people—those who voted for President Trump—voted for more affordable healthcare, certainly not less. Not one of my Republican col-leagues has come to the floor to make the case in favor of repealing title X— not one. But if my Republican col-leagues prevail in this cynical vote, they will jeopardize access to afford-able family planning services; they will force many health centers to stop pro-viding care to patients; and they will leave doctors, nurses, and other healthcare providers working on the frontlines to abandon those who need them the most. I, for one, refuse to allow the GOP to pander to the extreme elements of their party and in doing so limit a woman’s access to affordable, acces-sible healthcare. This vote is about every one of our sisters, our daughters, our grandchildren. This vote is about women across this country, and I don’t understand how we can take away their access to the healthcare they so critically need. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I see my colleague from Illinois is here. While she is setting up, I just want ev-erybody to realize what is happening here. We are debating a rule that, should the Republicans—with the Vice President voting to break the tie this afternoon—put it in place, will allow the discrimination of healthcare pro-viders for women across the country. I have many Democratic colleagues here making the case for those women, mostly low income, who have no other access, particularly in our rural and urban regions. I just want to note that there are no Republicans out here say-ing why this rule needs to be passed. They just want it done, over with; the Vice President to break the tie, and it is out of here. We are noticing. Women are noticing. People are noticing. I thank all of my Democratic col-leagues and a few brave Republicans who are with us for their support to get this done. We need one more Repub-lican to be able to defeat this. I yield to my colleague. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, this vote to allow States to defund Planned Parenthood and other title X funded health programs is simply shameful and dangerous, and millions of Americans across this country, in-cluding tens of thousands of women and men in Illinois, are going to suffer as a result. This vote is particularly devastating to the 2.7 million Americans who de-pend on Planned Parenthood for their basic preventive healthcare each year. I personally understand what is at stake with this vote because I have been there. When I was working my way through college as a waitress, with the help of Pell grants and student loans and student work-study, I relied on Planned Parenthood for my basic healthcare, for services that are just as simple as a simple physical that I need-ed to get that waitressing job. I went to Planned Parenthood because that is all I could afford on a student’s budget, and I needed to get that second job. While I can relate to the obvious good that Planned Parenthood does, many of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, unfortunately, simply cannot. They don’t understand what is at stake. Let’s take a look at my home State of Illinois. In Illinois alone, Planned Parenthood serves 64,000 patients annu-ally. Of those, 34,000 seek testing for sexually transmitted diseases, and nearly 7,000 are seeking out cancer screenings. So by defunding this orga-nization, what they are really doing is stripping thousands of Illinoisans and Americans all across this country from access to essential healthcare. That is simply unacceptable. We can’t play politics with women’s healthcare. Planned Parenthood should be able to do its job and continue pro-viding quality care and services with-out fear of partisan or discriminatory attacks. The bottom line is that Planned Par-enthood is one of the Nation’s largest women’s healthcare providers, and it is essential to the health of our families and our country. This vote makes taking away not just Planned Parenthood’s funding but funding from any organization that re-ceives title X easier, turning women around the country into second-class citizens and harming millions of Amer-icans in the process. Why would we make it easier to take away a health center that helps our women’s public health system and serves as a lifeline for affordable, preventive services like physicals, disease testing, and cancer screenings? Women and men all over the country need these services. Our States and our local communities need these services because they meet a need that would otherwise not be met. I want the men and women across this country to know that I am not going to give up. Democrats are not going to give up. I will continue to fight to protect title X funding and the patients who depend on it. It is just too important. I yield the floor. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues here on the Senate floor, and I thank the Senator from Washington for her leadership on this issue. I rise to join my colleagues in voicing strong opposition and deep concern on H.J. Res. 43, a resolution of disapproval we are considering today in the U.S. Senate. This resolution will threaten access to healthcare for thousands of women and families in the State of Wash-ington and millions of people across the Nation. H.J. Res. 43 would make it easier for States to discriminate against healthcare providers who serve low-in-come and vulnerable patients under title X of the Public Health Services Act. Title X is the only Federal funding program dedicated to supporting the family planning safety net, and it was widely supported by the public when it was enacted with strong bipartisan support. So despite what my colleagues say on the other side of the aisle, this issue is something where all my col-leagues should make sure we are not taking away access to healthcare. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle in the House—and I know my colleague, the senior Senator from Washington, can testify to this, have on many occasions tried to de-fund Planned Parenthood. They have used Planned Parenthood as a bargaining chip in a litany of high-stakes legisla-tive negotiations. They even tried to shut down the Federal Government be-cause they didn’t want to fund Planned Parenthood. Moreover, during the 114th Congress, Republicans voted 22 times to undermine women’s health. Today, they are continuing the same thing. These health centers are an essential part of communities’ delivery systems. They provide preventive services. They help prevent deadly disease. They save taxpayers money. They help families with their healthcare. Time and again, constituents in our States tell us how access to these high quality care cen-ters translates into economic empower-ment, independence, and the ability to thrive in their lives and careers. In short, these health centers don’t just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.027 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2136 March 30, 2017 
provide good healthcare for America. They provide a good economic strategy for America. In our State, 34 Planned Parenthood centers provide contraceptive care, breast cancer screening, and STD and HIV screening and treatment, and they have prevented thousands of unin-tended pregnancies thanks to their ef-forts and outreach. In the very isolated communities of Pullman, Moses Lake, and Shelton, and many more, they are oftentimes the only family provider that will furnish care to low-income in-dividuals. Major medical organiza-tions—representing obstetricians, gyn-ecologists, family physicians, and pedi-atricians—have also made it clear that this resolution is divorced from med-ical science and will hurt patients. I urge my colleagues to resist con-tinuing their senseless political cru-sade. I hope they will be smart enough to understand that a healthcare strat-egy is an economic strategy. I hope they will defeat this resolution. 
GONZAGA BULLDOGS  
Mr. President, what a great mo-ment—my colleague from Washington is here, and my colleague from Nevada is here as well. I just want to clarify something. We definitely want to cheer on the Gonzaga Bulldogs in Saturday’s game. But so many people say: Where is Gonzaga? It is in Spokane, WA, and we are very proud of Spokane. It is a city that hosts Hoopfest, a three-on- three basketball game that many peo-ple attend, and an enormous Bloomsday race that so many people come to from across the country right on the first of May. I think somewhere around 60,000 people are in that race. But we are also so proud that we also have a Gonzaga School of Law grad-uate here on the Senate floor—the Sen-ator from Nevada. Gonzaga also pro-duces great academic minds. So for everybody from Spokane, con-gratulations and good luck on Satur-day’s big game. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I say to my colleague from the great State of Washington, I do know where Gonzaga is, and I am with you. As a graduate from the Gonzaga School of Law, we are going to the final four, and this time we are going to win. I am very excited. Congratulations to the players, the coach, and to everyone at the school. Mr. President, I take the floor today to urge my colleagues across the aisle to stand up for their constituents and vote against the measure on the floor, which will restrict access to safe, af-fordable, basic healthcare to millions of Americans across this country. This measure will allow States to discrimi-nate against title X family planning clinics for no other reason than petty partisan politics that degrade women’s access to healthcare and turn it into a Republican talking point. These clinics provide essential family planning and health services to mil-lions of American women, men, and families—many of whom are poor and low-income and in rural areas. This measure will cause these families to suffer by limiting their access to healthcare. In my home State of Nevada, there are 23 clinics that risk losing funds as a result of this measure. These clinics are in Nevada’s major cities and in our rural areas, like Hawthorne, Lovelock, Pahrump, Tonopah, Ely, Winnemucca, and Fallon. For many families in our rural areas, these clinics are the only healthcare facilities where they can ac-cess family planning services, as well as basic primary and preventive healthcare services. The votes today empower States to discriminate against providers and, in turn, threaten the health and safety of the men, women, and families who rely on these clinics for basic and, at times, lifesaving services. We should be pro-moting access to healthcare, especially for our vulnerable communities. We should be expanding access to care, es-pecially for Americans living in rural areas. Republicans’ actions today are an af-front to American women and families. Their political agenda and shortsighted approach will do nothing but cause harm to Americans. It is time for Re-publicans to stop playing politics with women’s health and actually put Amer-icans’ health and safety first. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, in-stead of focusing on bipartisan reforms to improve access to healthcare for the American people, Republicans are again pursuing divisive policies that jeopardize women’s health and put pol-itics, politicians, and the government between a woman and her doctor. This measure that we are debating this afternoon attacks a critical healthcare program known as the Title X Family Planning Program. The Title X Family Planning Pro-gram provides basic healthcare, like cancer screenings, contraception, and HIV testing to more than 4 million women and men. This politically moti-vated provision that we have before us today would allow States to discrimi-nate against trusted health providers like Planned Parenthood. In eight counties in Wisconsin, Planned Parent-hood is the only health clinic that pro-vides the full range of publicly funded contraceptive services. I met with Laurie from Bristol, WI, who told me that as a young teacher, she went to Planned Parenthood and they discovered that she had cysts and tumors in her ovaries. The providers immediately helped her get the care she needed. She had quick surgery and was able to recover, which allowed her to eventually have a family. Republicans are playing doctor and telling women they can’t access basic primary and preventive healthcare services at the health center of their choice. This would cut off access to care for millions of men and women, prohibiting access to high-quality, pre-ventive services just because of the sign on the door. They would prevent women like Laurie from accessing life-saving services when they need it the most. We have already seen too many States enact record numbers of laws and regulations that restrict a wom-an’s access to reproductive health serv-ices and the freedom to make her own healthcare decisions. In my home State of Wisconsin, our Republican Governor has signed a number of laws that tar-get healthcare providers and simply have left far too many Wisconsin women out in the cold. He signed a law that forces women to undergo unneces-sary and invasive medical procedures, and he has imposed unreasonable re-quirements on the doctors that deliver care to women. He has worked to close health clinics, including several Planned Parenthood clinics. But he hasn’t stopped there. He also signed two laws that would effectively defund Wisconsin Planned Parenthood, which could leave thousands of Wisconsinites without access to critical health serv-ices. The threat in Wisconsin and in States across the country—and right here in Congress—is clear: Politicians across the country are playing doctor, and this is a dangerous game for women and their families. The millions of Americans who rely on title X for primary care and their trusted pro-viders are being held hostage. They are being used as a political punching bag by congressional Republicans. Their agenda is to attack women’s health. Women’s access to comprehensive healthcare—the healthcare they need and deserve—should never depend upon their ZIP Code. So I urge my col-leagues to oppose this dangerous meas-ure and to protect title X programs for all of our families. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, we are here today because Republicans’ dis-crimination against women knows no boundaries. They think a woman’s right to choose is still up for discus-sion. It is not. Let me be clear. A woman’s right to choose is a discussion for a woman and her doctor. That is it. A healthcare provider receiving Federal funds should be judged on their ability to serve a pa-tient. That is it. Today, Republicans are voting on a measure that would allow States to discriminate against family planning providers simply because they do not like the populations they treat or the services they provide. It would em-bolden a State to restrict Federal fund-ing for only health centers that serve primarily minority populations or pa-tients who identify as LGBTQ, and it would allow a State to strip away Fed-eral investments in family planning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.029 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2137 March 30, 2017 
clinics that serve women’s reproduc-tive health needs. These are not hypothetical concerns. Women’s reproductive care is under at-tack by extreme rightwing Republicans across this country. State politicians introduced more than 500 bills restrict-ing access to reproductive healthcare in 2016, enacting more than 60 new abortion restrictions last year. Let’s be clear. The result of today’s vote means that there will be less ac-cess to care for women and families across this country. Health centers re-ceiving title X funding provide basic primary and preventive healthcare services, such as HIV testing and con-traception, to more than 4 million women and men at nearly 4,000 healthcare centers nationwide. It is be-cause of the work done at these centers that we are now at a 30-year low in un-intended pregnancies, a historic low in teen pregnancies, and we have the low-est rate of abortions since the Supreme Court ruled that abortion was legal in 1973. We are a healthier Nation because of family planning clinics that receive title X funding. Now, more than ever, we need to stand and raise our voice against the Republican Party’s agenda of discrimi-nation. It is about fighting for the free-dom to make decisions in our personal lives without the fear of interference from our own government. It is about the access to opportunity that comes from quality, affordable healthcare and making sure that access is never re-stricted, no matter what gender you are. But with Donald Trump as Presi-dent and both Chambers of Congress now controlled by the GOP, national Republicans are in the best position in decades to enact a radical agenda that rolls back women’s rights. Today is just one step in their massive plan to take women’s rights right back to the 19th century. I know they will not back down from enacting their radical agenda, but I also know that we who want to protect women’s rights will not back down from this fight. It is a historic battle. This vote is a historic vote. I urge all Members to vote no. I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I am pleased to be here with the Senator from the Commonwealth of Massachu-setts and the ranking member of the HELP Committee to address this im-portant issue. You would think that after the healthcare debacle last week, the other side would have gotten the message, which is that the American people didn’t send us to Washington to take away their healthcare. When I think about healthcare in Colorado, I think about sort of a circle that contains healthcare that people in my State are either getting or not get-ting, and some part of that is ObamaCare, that is for sure, but a lot of it has nothing to do with that. They are unhappy with the way our healthcare system works. They want more access than they have. The House bill went at this in exactly the wrong direction from where they are inter-ested in going. I would like to work with Repub-licans and Democrats to solve that, but this afternoon we are here once again because the resolution before us would risk funding for vital primary care, preventive and family planning serv-ices for more than 4 million Americans across our country, especially women and those who live in rural commu-nities of my State and other States. Since 1970, this body has supported title X funding to expand access to af-fordable healthcare for low-income men and women. We did that because we understood that it wasn’t just the right thing to do, we recognized that it was a good investment. Each dollar in-vested in publicly funded family plan-ning programs saves the government over $7 in Medicaid-related costs. The other side rails against Medicaid spending. In fact, last week, they had a bill that cut it by about $850 billion. But if they succeed on this vote today, Medicaid spending will almost cer-tainly rise as a result of what they are trying to do. We supported title X funding with both Republican majorities and Demo-cratic majorities in the Senate. Now a narrow majority is trying to ram this measure through. This isn’t supported by a consensus of Americans, and you know it is not when Vice President P
ENCE has to drive over here from the White House to cast a tie-breaking vote. Just yes-terday, the Vice President was at a White House forum on women’s em-powerment. It begs the question: Did he learn anything at the forum? It is easy for Senators, apparently, to vote against healthcare for struggling Americans. I wonder sometimes wheth-er the reason for that is that we are not affected by this vote. That is dou-bly true when 50 Senators—overwhelm-ingly men—vote to cut healthcare for millions of low-income women. The vote today has real consequences for Colorado. If this measure passes, it will threaten to cut funding for title X health centers serving over 52,000 men, women, and teens each year. It will also risk funding for the over 20 Planned Parenthood clinics throughout Colorado that provide healthcare serv-ices to more than 86,000 men, women, and teens. Planned Parenthood is a critical part of Colorado’s healthcare system, providing essential services in a quarter of the State’s counties. This support is especially vital for our rural areas. Two weeks ago, I visited Alamosa and Durango, CO, where these health centers are some of the only places women can turn to for preven-tive care and family planning services. We should not do this. Pediatricians are against it. Family physicians are against it. Nurses are against it. But on the other side, we have a narrow majority voting to strip funding for vital primary and preventive care, in-cluding breast cancer screenings and HIV testing. I would invite anyone voting against this measure, including the Vice Presi-dent, to come to Alamosa and Durango and see what these health centers are doing in our communities. I invite them to come and meet the people they help, the lives they change. I urge my colleagues to vote against this measure. It will hurt many of our fellow Americans. It will hurt women in my State and particularly working people, and it should not pass. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I hear colleagues from the other side of the aisle talk again and again about how they want patient-centered healthcare. That is the refrain—patient-centered healthcare. Make no mistake about what this resolution is all about. It turns that phrase on its head because what it says to certainly women who are patients: You are not free to go get the healthcare you want. It seems like this never ends—an-other day, another effort to deny women the opportunity to have the kinds of healthcare choices and the healthcare services that they feel strongly about. I am not going to take long; I know colleagues are in a hurry. I just want to say that the next time you hear this lofty rhetoric—particularly from the majority—about how everything they are going to do in American healthcare is going to put the patients at the cen-ter of healthcare, give people more choices, and protect the freedom that they talk about in healthcare—under-stand, if you vote for this resolution, you are repudiating all of those speech-es. I have heard Senator M
URRAY talk about it. She says it very eloquently. The bottom line is that this resolu-tion not only doesn’t support that lofty rhetoric about patients being at the center of healthcare, this resolution deprives women of choices and access to healthcare services they want. I hope my colleagues will join Sen-ator M
URRAY and understand the dan-gerous consequences of what is at stake. Oppose this resolution and save the Vice President the trip to the Hill. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I want Senate Republicans who are about to take this vote—and Vice President P
ENCE —to be very clear on what they are about to do. As a direct result of their choices today, extreme politi-cians in States across the country will have greater power to take away wom-en’s choices. I think it speaks volumes that the vote to uphold this rule—which simply says family planning centers, where women can exercise their constitu-tionally protected rights, should not be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.030 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2138 March 30, 2017 
discriminated against—is bipartisan. But do you know what I think is most striking about this vote? The deafening silence from the group of almost en-tirely male Republican Senators who are voting today to make it harder for women to get the healthcare they need. Not one spoke today to justify this vote. Where are those Republican Sen-ators? Why did they feel so entitled not just to interfere with women’s healthcare decisions but to do so with-out explaining themselves? If they are ashamed of their votes, which they should be, they had ample opportunity to reconsider. I came to the floor with my Demo-cratic colleagues weeks ago to urge Re-publicans not to bring this damaging legislation to the floor. We asked for just one Republican vote today to pre-vent this attack on women’s health. And women across the country, in Re-publican and Democratic States, called, emailed, tweeted, and organized to say that these restrictions on wom-en’s access to healthcare have no place in our country or in the 21st century. But what have these 50 Senate Repub-licans done? They refused to listen, and they refused to answer for their ac-tions. Frankly, women deserve better. The thing is, women know it. So today, as a woman, I am angry. As a mother and a grandmother, I am furious about what attacks like this mean for our daughters and our granddaughters, es-pecially those who are struggling and disproportionately rely on family plan-ning centers. But as a Senator, I am more confident than ever that Repub-licans who fail to listen to the women of this country do so at their own peril. I have had the chance to see how much impact women have when they call and march and organize and make their voices heard. The fact that Vice President P
ENCE  had to come and break this tie today, that Senate Republican leaders could not twist enough arms to pass this bill on their own, is clear evidence. So is the failure of House Republicans’ abys-mal TrumpCare bill, which would have cut off access to critical services at Planned Parenthood. I know without a doubt that Repub-lican Senators who vote against women and with their extreme base today and who rely on this anti-women adminis-tration to jam this resolution through will be held accountable both by women across the country and women right here in the Senate. We will keep making our voices heard. We will fight back against these attacks on our rights and our own self-determination, and ultimately, you can be sure, we will win. I yield the floor. I yield back the time on this side. The joint resolution was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 50, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 101 Leg.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—50 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The VICE PRESIDENT. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 50. The Senate being equally divided, the Vice President votes in the affirmative, and the joint resolution, H.J. Res. 43, is passed. The majority leader. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following leader remarks on Monday, April 3, the Senate proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 18, S. 89, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, the bill be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage with no intervening action or debate. I further ask that following the vote on passage, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session for consider-ation of Calendar No. 24, the nomina-tion of Elaine Duke to be Deputy Sec-retary of Homeland Security. I further ask that at a time to be determined by the majority leader, with the concur-rence of the Democratic leader, on Tuesday, April 4, the Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, and that if confirmed, the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Iowa. f 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT RESOLUTION Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I rise to thank my colleagues for their support of my legislation to overturn President Obama’s eleventh hour rule that re-vokes States’ rights to determine the best eligible subgrantees for title X family planning funding. It should be the right of our States to allocate sub-grants under the title X program in the way that best fits the needs of the peo-ple living there. Unfortunately, like many other rules that were issued dur-ing the Obama administration, this rule attempted to empower Federal bu-reaucrats in Washington and silence our States. As we all know, States are closer to and more familiar with the healthcare providers and patients within their borders and should be able to make their own decisions about the best eli-gible title X subgrantees, be they hos-pitals, federally qualified community health centers, or other types of pro-viders. A number of States have acted in recent years to prioritize title X subgrants to more comprehensive pro-viders, where women can receive great-er preventive and primary care than they can with providers like Planned Parenthood. The Obama administration’s rule at-tempted to claim that providers like Planned Parenthood can ‘‘accomplish title X programmatic objectives more effectively.’’ This rhetoric does not match the reality. In fact, after Rep-resentative D
IANE BLACK and I led more than 100 of our colleagues in pointing that out to the Obama admin-istration, HHS acknowledged the chal-lenge of measuring effectiveness across all types of title X recipients and sub-recipients and therefore removed the word ‘‘effectively’’ from the final rule. So why was this rule implemented in the first place? It is because the Obama administration wanted to do every-thing it could to secure Federal fund-ing streams for Planned Parenthood before they turned over the keys to the Trump administration. With our vote today, we prevented that from hap-pening. But let me be clear. Although it is no secret that I do not believe Planned Parenthood—the Nation’s single larg-est provider of abortion services—is de-serving of Federal taxpayer dollars, this legislation does not prevent Planned Parenthood or any other spe-cific entity from receiving title X funds. If States like Washington or Massachusetts want to distribute title X subgrants to Planned Parenthood, this legislation to overturn the Obama administration’s rule will not prevent them from doing so, nor does over-turning the rule reduce overall funding levels for the Title X Family Planning Program. In fact, this legislation does not in any way decrease women’s healthcare 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.032 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2139 March 30, 2017 
funding. Rather, overturning the rule merely empowers States over a Wash-ington-knows-best mentality and assures that States have the ability to identify the best eligible title X sub-grantees. It restores local control and ensures that States aren’t forced by the Federal Government to provide abortion providers like Planned Par-enthood with taxpayer dollars. I appreciate my colleagues’ support of this legislation, and I look forward to President Trump signing it and scrapping the Obama administration’s overreaching eleventh-hour rule. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, on January 18, 2017, two days before Presi-dent Obama left office, he finalized a rule and put it in place to require States—regardless of their decisions in their State—to have to use Planned Parenthood, removing the decision making from each State. In the past, it had been very straight-forward. States were allowed the op-portunity to be able to examine who was the best decision maker to be able to help and the best provider of care in their community for title X funding. For that family planning funding, when it occurs and when it goes through the process, the States made the decision, looked at the providers, found out who the most comprehensive provider was, who could provide the best healthcare, and they made that final decision. President Obama, two days before he left office, finalized a rule to remove that right from States and to compel each State to be able to use Planned Parenthood. States like mine and many other States said: We want to do family plan-ning in our State. We want to have comprehensive healthcare in our State, but we do not want to provide Federal funds to the single largest provider of abortion in the country. That was a reasonable decision that our State law-makers could make to be able to pro-tect the lives of women in our State and to protect the lives of children for the future. That reasonable, common-sense method was removed two days before President Obama left office. I am proud to say that the House of Representatives and the Senate today voted to strike that rule from the last two days of President Obama’s term to compel States to be able to use Planned Parenthood in their States, to be able to give the option back to the States again. I look forward to President Trump signing it. I would remind the Presi-dent of this one simple thing, though. This does not strike funding away from women’s care. This doesn’t take fund-ing away from any of the family plan-ning. This doesn’t even force States to not use Planned Parenthood. It is a simple statement of where we used to be: States could choose to have Planned Parenthood as a part of their title X funding, or not. It is their choice. If some States want to do that, they may continue to do that. Other States should not be compelled to do that with taxpayer funds, though. That is the new status quo as soon as President Trump signs it—to be able to return to a basic doctrine: States should not be compelled to have tax-payer funds used toward Planned Par-enthood title X funding. I am proud that this Senate just passed this resolution. It is a reason-able act for us to be able to do, and I look forward to the President’s signa-ture. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. 
f 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, when his nomination comes to the floor next week, I will vote to confirm Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. This is my first time voting on a Supreme Court nominee, and I don’t take the de-cision lightly. It is a lifetime appoint-ment, after all, and the Court’s rulings have shaped our country’s history—for good and for ill—and will continue to shape our future. But after reading Judge Gorsuch’s writings, meeting with him in person, and listening to his testimony, I can say with confidence that it is not a hard call. I believe Judge Gorsuch will be a fine addition to the Supreme Court. There is no denying Judge Gorsuch’s distinctive qualifications. We all know his credentials: Columbia, Harvard law, and an Oxford doctorate to boot. He clerked for an appellate judge and two Supreme Court Justices. He had many years of experience in both private practice and in public service and, of course, over 10 years as an appellate judge. He possesses fine judicial tem-perament: highly erudite, highly ac-complished, and highly regarded by those who know him best. It is no sur-prise, then, that the American Bar As-sociation, in a unanimous vote, de-clared him ‘‘well qualified’’ for the job. While I wouldn’t outsource our re-sponsibilities to any advocacy organi-zation, I would note that the minority leader himself once said the ABA rat-ing is ‘‘the gold standard by which ju-dicial candidates are judged.’’ But, of course, Judge Gorsuch is not just filling any seat, but the seat once held by the late Justice Antonin Scalia. Justice Scalia was a giant of American jurisprudence. Most Justices earn their place in history by writing opinions, giving voice to their col-leagues, and speaking for the Court as a whole. Justice Scalia did that many times throughout his career, of course, but he did something more. He changed the way judges—both conservative and liberal—think about the law and defend their decisions. He reminded us all that a judge’s job is to apply the law—in-cluding the Constitution, our most fun-damental law—as written, to the case before him, not to rewrite it all to-gether. Adhering to the law, even when the judge doesn’t like the result, is the greatest public service that a judge can render, because to respect the rule of law is ultimately to respect the rule of the people. This is what Justice Scalia taught and what he inspired a whole genera-tion of judges and lawyers to under-stand. As we prepare to fill his seat on the Supreme Court, let us also ac-knowledge that no man can fill his shoes. We honor the memory of Justice Scalia and we thank his wife, Maureen, and his whole family for sharing this great man with our country for so long. Judge Gorsuch is a child of the Scalia generation. He has long advocated for and followed the originalist judicial craft—one rooted in the text, struc-ture, and history of our Constitution, which is to say that he respects the rule of law and he respects the people. Whether defending the religious liberty of the Little Sisters of the Poor or the Fourth Amendment rights of a regular household, he has shown a profound re-spect for the Constitution. I also think he has demonstrated throughout his career a firm independence of thought. He has had his influences and his men-tors, his promoters and his critics, but I believe he will be his own man—as he should be. So I am pleased to announce my sup-port for the next Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch. I look forward to his con-firmation next week. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I wish to initially speak about the bipartisan Veterans Choice Program Improve-ment Act, but first I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VETERANS CHOICE PROGRAM IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, distance or delays should never be the reason that veterans don’t get the healthcare they need, but that is exactly what is happening to veterans across the coun-try. That is why the Veterans Choice 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.034 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2140 March 30, 2017 
Program was started—so that thou-sands of veterans and their families can get the care they deserve when and where they need it. Instead of traveling long distances or waiting months on a list, veterans can use the Choice Pro-gram to get the healthcare they need in their own communities. As the ranking member of the Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Subcommittee, I want to give a little perspective on what would happen to our veterans if we don’t pass the bipartisan Veterans Choice Program Improvement Act. Now, I know that the Choice Pro-gram is not funded through my sub-committee, but what we do today has an impact on the VA as a whole. If the Veterans Choice Program Improve-ment Act does not pass, the funding we appropriated to the VA will expire be-fore it has all been used. It is not a small amount of funding. It is $1 bil-lion, and the VA does not have $1 bil-lion elsewhere in the budget to make up for this loss. In other words, if we don’t pass this bill, it is going to be a disaster for vet-erans because all of the veterans who use this program for their healthcare are going to have to go back to the VA. That means the wait times that every-body was complaining about over the last couple of years will grow longer and longer and longer, and especially in rural America, where access to care is such a challenge, it will get worse and worse. To manage the increase in patient load, the VA will have to scramble to find funding that can take away from other VA programs, including hospital maintenance and medical equipment. That is what is going to happen if we don’t pass this bill. This is an urgent matter for veterans across the country. Whether you are a participant in the VA Choice Program or you go to a tra-ditional VA clinic or hospital, one way or another, this is going to impact you. Now, I know the Choice Program isn’t perfect, but this temporary exten-sion, coupled with the improvements in the system contained in the bill, gives Congress the time we need to develop a long-term, comprehensive solution. And while we are working on a solu-tion, let’s not punish veterans by cut-ting off $1 billion toward a program that is designed to improve services for people who have served our country. So I hope we can come together to find a way to pass this bill. Our vet-erans are counting on us. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. RUSSIA AND TRUMP CAMPAIGN INVESTIGATION Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I know several Members are ready to come here and talk on a veterans issue, and they will let me know when they are ready to start. I thought there might be a good chance to get this in. Our democracy is under attack. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that the Russian Government inter-fered in the U.S. Presidential election and intervened to help Candidate Trump. Around the same time, Can-didate Trump began making flattering statements about Russian President Putin and proposing pro-Russia policy changes while criticizing longstanding U.S. allies, including in Europe. President Trump continues to defend Putin and offend Western allies. Now we have come to learn that there are unexplained ties between the Presi-dent, his campaign staff, his associates, and Russia; that many close to the President had meetings and telephone calls with Russian officials during the campaign and the transition; most critically, that the FBI and the Depart-ment of Justice are investigating whether the President and his associ-ates coordinated or conspired with the Russian Government to interfere with the Presidential election—an inves-tigation that began last July and is likely to continue for months. The President and his associates keep giving the American people rea-son for worry—inaccurate denials, eva-sive answers, explosive attacks they can’t back up, scheming with the chair of the House Intelligence Committee on the committee’s investigation of the White House. New, very disturbing in-formation comes to light every day. A recent CNN/Opinion Research Cor-poration poll showed that two thirds of Americans believe a special prosecutor should be appointed. The American people want answers. What was the scope of the interference? Who knew what, and when? How can we protect ourselves and our allies, who are facing similar cyber attacks? What is the ap-propriate government response to such an attack? I appreciate the work the Senate In-telligence Committee is doing. I be-lieve that is the first step, but I believe we must go further. That is why I am again calling for an independent, bipar-tisan national commission modeled on the 9/11 Commission to fully inves-tigate Russia’s interference with our election and our election processes and to investigate the ties between the President, his family businesses, and his close associates and Russia that may threaten our national security. I am also again calling on the Depart-ment of Justice to appoint a special counsel to investigate potential crimi-nal conduct that may jeopardize our security. Questions about the President’s ties to Russia will divide the country, un-dermine his Presidency, and distract Congress, unless we take these steps. The American people are right to be concerned. The President’s stance on Russia is perplexing, starting when he first denounced the role of NATO last spring, calling it ‘‘obsolete,’’ sug-gesting that it would be OK if NATO broke up. Then, he publicly asked Rus-sia to hack Hillary Clinton’s emails. Then, Mr. Trump’s campaign man-ager, Paul Manafort, was forced to re-sign because of his close political and financial ties to Ukraine’s former pro- Russian President. He became the sub-ject of a multi-agency investigation. We don’t have the full story, but we do know that he failed to register as a for-eign agent while he lobbied for pro- Russian Ukrainian interests in the United States. It appears that Manafort has a $10 million contract with a Russian oligarch who is very close to Putin that would ‘‘greatly ben-efit the Putin Government’’ and that he had at least 15 offshore bank ac-counts in Cyprus that even Cypriot bank officials thought were suspicious. Once those bank officials began asking about money laundering activities, Manafort closed the accounts rather than answer questions. During his campaign, Mr. Trump stated that he would ‘‘be looking at’’ whether to recognize Crimea as Rus-sian and to lift sanctions. President Trump and his team apparently took little or no interest in the debate over the party platform in the Republican National Convention, except for one thing—Ukraine. They intervened with delegates to get more Russia-friendly language in the Republican Party plat-form. Candidate Trump’s national se-curity policy staffer J.D. Gordon told CNN: ‘‘This was the language Donald Trump himself wanted . . . and advo-cated for . . . back in March.’’ Now Gordon is reportedly under investiga-tion for his ties to Russia. We have all heard the President com-pliment President Putin, calling him a strong leader. Why is the President so enamored, when Putin’s actions are au-thoritarian, violent, and anti-demo-cratic? Putin seeks to weaken NATO and the European Council. He annexed Crimea in violation of international law and treaties. He interfered with our national election. Putin has crushed free press in the Russian Fed-eration, placing restriction upon re-striction on the press, quashing inde-pendent news organizations, and harassing and jailing journalists. The President’s outspoken admiration is in-explicable. So we are still left with a President who has expressed policy views toward Russia that run counter to U.S. ideals and treaty obligations, as well as glob-al norms of international affairs. While we don’t know the full extent of the President’s financial, personal, and po-litical ties to Russia and Putin, we have plenty of reason to seek an impar-tial investigation. The President still has not released his tax returns, unlike any previous modern President. His son Donald Junior volunteered, as far as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.035 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2141 March 30, 2017 
back as 2008, that ‘‘Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets. . . . We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia.’’ In 2013, Mr. Trump said on a talk show: ‘‘Well, I’ve done a lot of business with the Russians.’’ Due to his history of bankruptcies, no major U.S. bank would loan to Don-ald Trump in recent years. So he has needed new sources of capital for his real estate projects. There is growing reason to believe that Russia—or at least wealthy Russians—have financial interests in the Trump organization. Recent reports link the President and his companies to ten wealthy former Soviet businessmen with alleged ties to criminal organizations or money laun-dering. The extent of corruption and criminal ties among the oligarchs of Russia are well known, and to stay wealthy oligarchs, they must stay friendly with the Putin regime. Is the Trump organization reliant on Russian capital or loans from Russian banks? What relationships are there between Russian oligarchs that are tied to the Russian Government and the Trump organization and between those former Soviet businessmen and Trump’s properties? We need to get to the bottom of this, with a credible, de-liberate, nonpartisan investigation. Mr. Trump has surrounded himself with associates with close Russian ties—not just Mr. Manafort. Michael Flynn headed to Russia within 18 months after his retirement as the head of the Defense Intelligence Agen-cy to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the Russian Government’s media out-let RT. Secretary John Kerry called RT a ‘‘propaganda bullhorn’’ for Putin. Mr. Flynn was paid for that trip by RT, a potential violation of the emolu-ments clause of the Constitution, and appeared regularly on RT. Flynn, of course, had to resign as National Secu-rity Advisor after 24 days in office. But the President knew of Flynn’s mis-representations weeks before he was fired and did nothing until it became public. We now know that Russia’s payments to Flynn were generous. In 2015, Russian entities paid him $65,000. We know he worked for pay as a for-eign agent for Turkey during the cam-paign and during the transition, but he failed to register as an agent at the time, as required by law. Other Trump associates and cam-paign staff—Roger Stone, Carter Page, and Mr. Gordon—all are reportedly under investigation for intercepted communications and financial trans-actions with Russia. Stone admitted at least 16 contacts with Gufficer 2.0, the Twitter handle covering for Russian in-telligence that released the Demo-cratic National Committee hacked emails. Page, who has strong financial ties with Russia, admitted to meeting with the Russian Ambassador during the Re-publican Convention and traveling to Russia during the campaign. The President’s Attorney General was forced to recuse himself from any Department of Justice investigation into Trump and Russia because he did not disclose to the Senate Foreign Re-lations Committee that he met with the Russian Ambassador during the campaign. Now the President’s son-in-law and senior adviser is set to testify before the Senate’s Intelligence Committee. He will talk about his contacts with the Russian ambassador, a close Putin ally who is head of a Russian-owned bank. Where does it stop, folks? Where does it stop? These contacts give us enough reason for pause. Combined with Mr. Trump’s positions on NATO, sanctions relief, and Russia’s human rights violations, they raise serious security questions for the United States and NATO. As I said, we need an independent pros-ecutor at the helm to ensure that the whole of the investigation is not com-promised—one who is not subject to White House pressure and not in a posi-tion of investigating his or her boss— and a bipartisan commission along the lines of the 9/11 Commission that is independent of politics. The chair of the House Intelligence Committee is compromised and dam-aged beyond repair. He has coordinated with the subjects of his committee’s in-vestigation, and he has completely lost credibility. I compliment my Senate colleagues who are working together on an investigation. But the Senate committee does not have the resources to fully investigate this, and the rank-ing Democrat on the committee agrees we need an independent investigation that could go further, that could be public, and could be transparent. A former Acting Director of the CIA called the Russian interference in our election one of the most successful cov-ert operations in history. Former Vice President Cheney has said that what they did could be ‘‘considered an act of war.’’ By covert interference in a U.S. election, Russia pursued a policy to in-stall its favorite candidate as President of the United States. Yet the President has dismissed the National Security Agency findings, accused our national security agencies of acting like Nazi Germany, and leveled fake charges at the former President. The American people are not fooled, and they want Congress to get to the bottom of this. We in Congress have a solemn duty to the American people to do just that. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VETERANS CHOICE PROGRAM IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I rise today in support of the bipartisan Vet-erans Choice Program Improvement Act. I will start my remarks by saying that Chairman ISAKSON was here ear-lier, and he had a meeting he had to get to. Johnny has been through a tough surgery, and it is good to have Johnny back. But the fact of the mat-ter is he supports this bill. He is an original cosponsor of this bill. The same could be said of Senator B
LUMENTHAL , who also had a meeting and wanted to be here, once again. We heard from Senator S
CHATZ earlier. This bill truly has bipartisan support, not only in the VA Committee but also in this body. The reason people support this piece of legislation is because it brings much needed reforms to the Choice Program while ensuring that veterans can ac-cess care in their communities. It is a good bill. A few years back, the Choice Pro-gram was established with the very best of intentions. In my home State of Montana, it is a fact that veterans were waiting far too long for an ap-pointment at the VA and oftentimes had to drive over 100 miles for the ap-pointment. The Choice Program was supposed to allow these veterans to ac-cess care closer to home. Unfortu-nately, it has not been working out the way it should, and veterans have been inundated with redtape and a govern-ment contractor that struggles to schedule appointments and pay pro-viders on time. That is why we all worked together—Democrats and Re-publicans and even Independents—on this bill to put forth these much need-ed reforms. The Veterans Choice Program Im-provement Act cuts redtape so vet-erans can access care more quickly. In fact, I made it clear from the get-go that I would not vote to extend the Choice Program until Congress and the VA have addressed some of the biggest concerns I have been hearing from Montana veterans and community pro-viders. Once we get the bill passed, this pro-gram reimburses community providers more quickly for the care they provide to our veterans. It reduces out-of-pock-et costs for veterans receiving care through the Choice Program. It im-proves the sharing of medical records between the VA and the community providers to better ensure seamless care for veterans, whether they are see-ing a VA doctor or a doctor in their community. It allows the VA to access all the funding initially appropriated for this program to ensure that vet-erans’ access to care is not disrupted. This bill is not going to fix every-thing, but it is certainly a step in the right direction. With this legislation, combined with assurances that I have received from VA Montana, VA folks within the State will be allowed to schedule appointments for Montana’s veterans directly instead of going through an inept government contract. It is my hope that we can make the Choice Program work the way it was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.036 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2142 March 30, 2017 
intended when we first set it up, with the goal of serving those who have served our country. I again express my appreciation for taking this bill up on the floor, this Veterans Choice Program Improve-ment Act, and I think it is a prime ex-ample of how this body needs to work together to solve problems—in this case, for our veterans community. We should push this bill out as soon as pos-sible. I yield the floor to Senator M
ORAN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I appre-ciate the remarks, as well as the work-ing together with the Senator from Montana as we tried to make certain that a program that is so valuable to veterans across the country—in my case particularly, veterans who live in rural America, in Kansas—to make cer-tain that veterans can attain the care they have earned and the care they de-serve. We had a scandal at the VA in which many tragic things happened, and Con-gress came together at that time and passed the Choice Act. What that law basically has given our veterans is, if they live more than 40 miles from a VA facility—in other words, if they live a long distance from access to care—they can, at their choice, have that care at home: hometown hospital, hometown physician, pharmacy, physical therapy. They can see a provider in their home-town. In so many instances in Kansas—in fact, I have mentioned this before on the Senate floor. The House district I represented as a Congressman is larger than the State of Illinois, and there is no VA hospital in that congressional district. So veterans not having to travel 2, 3, 4, 5 hours to Denver or to Wichita or to Amarillo is of such value to our veterans, particularly those who have a disability or are aging. What we did in the passage of Choice was so use-ful to so many veterans. The other part of that was that if you couldn’t get the care you needed within 30 days at the VA, you could then at-tain your care at home. Again, with the backlog that was occurring at the VA, the lack of providers, this became important to another set of veterans who, because of their health condition, couldn’t afford to wait that long to see a physician, to have surgery. This is important legislation. If you are somebody who cares about vet-erans, you need to be in favor of this Choice Act. If you are someone who cares about particularly rural or vet-erans who need timely care, you espe-cially ought to be supportive of Choice. The challenge we have is that the Choice Act is expiring. It expires Au-gust 7, and it needs to be extended. There are dollars available in the pro-gram. Mandatory spending is available to pay for the services to a later date. As the Senator from Montana indi-cated, there are a number of provisions that haven’t worked very well in Choice because of the bureaucratic na-ture of the program, the way the pro-gram has been established. One of those that are most important is that you have veterans on one side who need the care and choose Choice, but you also need a willing provider. The local hospital, the local physician needs to be willing to provide that care. I have never known a provider who was not honored to provide care to a veteran, but the challenge in many instances becomes whether that provider, that doctor or hospital gets reimbursed, gets paid. This legislation has a number of re-forms, but in my view, one of the most critical and most important is to make the VA the payer, to make the VA be the entity that writes out the check to pay the hospital bill, to pay the physi-cian for the services provided. So this is another reform that im-proves really on both sides. It elimi-nates some of the bureaucracy that a veteran goes through and the number of times a veteran may receive a notice that he or she owes money that should be paid by the Choice Program, and it also encourages—by paying them—the physician or the hospital to provide the service. These are important reforms, important changes in the Choice Act that are worthy of our support. What is transpiring here are a couple of reforms to the Choice Program and its extension to a later date, until the money expires, so the Choice Program can continue, and Congress can now take that time to determine what we want to do with the Choice Program into the future after that point in time. I appreciate the way in which this legislation has worked. Often I get asked whether there is any hope that Congress can work to-gether, that Republicans and Demo-crats can solve problems. This is an ex-ample of where that is taking place today, by the care and concern we all have for our veterans and the good will that exists by those who serve in Con-gress to make sure that good things happen for our military men and women who are now veterans. I regret that the chairman of the Veterans’ Committee, the Senator from Georgia, Mr. I
SAKSON , is unable to be with us, but, as the Senator from Montana indicated, he is fully sup-portive of this legislation. In fact, he is an original sponsor of the legislation. I add my voice and ask my colleagues to agree to the unanimous consent res-olution, that this legislation be passed. It will be another step in solving prob-lems and caring for those who served our Nation. Yesterday, I was at the Arlington Na-tional Cemetery—a reminder of the debt we owe to so many people. Those are veterans who are now deceased. Those are military men and women who have now died. Those who are liv-ing deserve the care and treatment that our VA can provide and the oppor-tunities that our providers in our hometowns can assist in providing. We want to make sure that good things continue to happen. We want to improve the quality of service, get the problems out of the Choice Program, and make sure those who are so deserv-ing of quality care actually receive it. I yield back to the Senator from Montana. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I would like to thank the good Senator from Kansas for his comments and his lead-ership not only on the VA Committee on which we both serve but also as chairman of the Appropriations MILCON-VA Subcommittee, the sub-committee that really sees how the money is going to be utilized within the VA. I think Senator MORAN has covered just about all of it. I just want to go back and say one thing. We are going to have a unanimous consent. I am told there will be an ob-jection to it. That is truly unfortunate because this has been a bipartisan ef-fort. It has cleared everyone in the Senate except one person, to my knowledge, and I think that is unfortu-nate. One of the complaints I hear is that the primary payer provision of this bill is the problem. The primary payer pro-vision of this bill requires the VA to be exactly that—the primary payer of the bills. My question would be, Why is this a bad thing? Right now veterans are being hamstrung and delayed, and the folks who provide the benefits, the providers, are not getting the dollars in a timely manner. I would just ask, if the VA is not going to be the primary payer, who is? These folks have put it on the line for this country, and they come back in different shape than when they left, after they bore the battles of war. Some of the injuries are seen; some of the injuries are unseen. And we are not going to say ‘‘You know what. Don’t worry about it. We are going to make sure you get the care, and we are going to make sure it is paid for’’? It is part of the cost of war. So when we send our young men and women off to war, we ought to be thinking about this stuff. And we have a solution. We have a so-lution to part of the problems with the Choice Program. If we get this bill passed, it will give us the opportunity to work together to get a long-term bill passed before the first of the year to really address the needs of our veterans so that there are wraparound services at the VA that veterans can count on. I would just say that this is supposed to be a very deliberative body, and for the most part, it is pretty deliberative. But when you have a situation of a pro-gram that we put into effect—that Congress passed and the Senate had a big part of writing—and it is not work-ing, we ought to fix it, and this bill fixes it in good part. We have some more to do, as I said, but this bill is a step in the right direction in cutting redtape and making it easier for vet-erans to find care and get care, wheth-er it is in the VA or outside the VA. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.045 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2143 March 30, 2017 
is also something that the Veterans Administration sorely needs to move it forward. I just want to say that we come in here and we have good arguments and good discussions, and sometimes poli-tics comes into the discussion. In this particular case, folks have come to the table—whether it is Senator I
SAKSON or Senator M
CCAINor Senator M ORAN or me or any of the others on the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee—and we have come up with a solution that 99 percent of the people in this body agree with, but we can’t get it across the finish line. And we wonder why our popu-larity is in the single digits in this country. I am just going to close by saying I want to thank everybody from both sides of the aisle who worked together to get this bill crafted and get this bill to this point. I hope that at some point in time, people will take a look at this bill for what it does and realize that there aren’t bogeymen in this bill, that our veterans deserve us to work to-gether to find solutions to move the ball forward so they can get the healthcare they were promised when they signed on the dotted line to pro-tect this country. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, it is my understanding that one of my col-leagues is en route to speak and per-haps object to this motion that is to be made. I would ask my colleague from Montana if he would mind holding for a few moments until that Senator ar-rives. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I was going to ask for unanimous consent that S. 544, the bill we have been talk-ing about, be discharged for immediate consideration, and then someone would have to object to that unanimous con-sent request—otherwise it would move forward. I am going to do this on Monday. I hope the Senator who is truly going to object to this will have the opportunity to talk to Secretary Shulkin and Chairman I
SAKSON , and he will find out that both those people are in support of this bill. Hopefully we can come in and do a unanimous consent and get this bill passed on Monday. This is a bill that is good for America’s veterans. I think it is good for our community providers, and I think it is very good for the VA. We will hold off today and take care of this after the weekend. I would like to once again thank all the folks who worked on this bill. A special thank-you to Senator MORAN  for his statements today. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MERRICK GARLAND AND FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I rise today to lend my voice in support of perhaps one of the most qualified indi-viduals ever nominated to the U.S. Su-preme Court. I am referring, of course, to Chief Judge Merrick Garland. Over 1 year ago, on March 16, 2016, a President who was twice elected by sig-nificant margins in both the popular vote and the electoral college nomi-nated Judge Garland to fill the va-cancy left by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. President Obama upheld his constitutional duty by sub-mitting a name to the Senate to fill this vacancy. By submitting the name of Merrick Garland, he gave the Senate a man who has spent his career working to build consensus and to find principled com-promises. His impeccable credentials speak for themselves: Harvard undergrad, top of his class; Harvard Law, top of his class; law clerk to Judge Friendly on the Second Circuit and Justice Brennan on the Supreme Court. He served in the Justice Depart-ment after a time in private practice. When tragedy befell Oklahoma City in April of 1995, Merrick Garland led the investigation that brought justice to the perpetrators of that unthinkable act of terrorism. Judge Gorsuch called this work ‘‘The most important thing I have ever done in my life.’’ His career was far from over at that point. In 1997, Republicans and Demo-crats joined together to confirm Judge Garland to the DC Circuit Court of Ap-peals, which is often called the ‘‘second highest court in the land.’’ Here is what Senator O
RRIN HATCH , former chairman of the Senate Judici-ary Committee and currently the President pro tempore of the Senate, said of him at the time: 
Merrick B. Garland is highly qualified to sit on the DC Circuit. His intelligence and his scholarship cannot be questioned. . . . His legal experience is equally impressive. . . . Accordingly, I believe Mr. Garland is a fine nominee. I know him personally, I know of his integrity, I know of his legal ability, I know of his honesty, I know of his acumen, and he belongs on the court. 
Those are not my words. Those are the words of Senator O
RRIN HATCH , a good friend and colleague. Over the past two decades on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, Judge Gar-land established a reputation as a thoughtful judge, a fair judge, a man of high integrity, a judicial moderate, and a consensus builder in a day and age when we need consensus builders—not here but on the Supreme Court and other courts. Even those who may disagree with him tend to find themselves thinking a little harder about their own views after hearing his. During his 2005 confirmation hearing to serve as Chief Justice, John Roberts, who served with Judge Garland on the DC Circuit, stated these words: ‘‘Any time Judge Garland disagrees, you know you’re in a difficult area.’’ Thank you, Chief Justice Roberts. In 2013, Judge Garland was promoted to chief judge on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, the second highest court in the land—the chief judge, presiding over that court. When President Obama nominated him to the Supreme Court over 1 year ago, Judge Garland brought with him more Federal judicial experience than any nominee in the history of the United States. When I met with Judge Garland last year, I got to know him beyond just his resume. Ironically, he had actually per-formed the marriage ceremony for my former chief of staff and his bride sev-eral years ago. I was struck by Judge Garland’s hu-mility and by his personal character, his personal traits. Even as a nominee for the Supreme Court, he continued to serve his community as a mentor to el-ementary school students right here in Washington, DC. Imagine that. A chief judge of the DC Circuit Court of Ap-peals taking time every week to men-tor some kid who needs another good role model in his or her life. That is something that Judge Garland has done for about two decades. Over 1 year later, as I stand here today, a seat on the Supreme Court— what should be, in my view, Judge Gar-land’s seat—remains vacant. Our Re-publican colleagues, in an unprece-dented display of what I think is ob-structionism and partisanship, denied Judge Garland a hearing and a vote. Many of our Republican colleagues re-fused to even meet with him. He was denied both a hearing in the Judiciary Committee and a cloture vote in the full Senate. Well, since the Senate Judiciary Committee began holding public hear-ings on Supreme Court nominees 101 years ago, in 1916, no Supreme Court nominee had ever been denied a hear-ing and a vote. I will say that again. No Supreme Court nominee had ever been denied a hearing and a vote—well, until Judge Garland. According to the highly respected website, SCOTUSblog, we read these words: The historical record does not reveal any instances since at least 1900 of the president failing to nominate and/or the Senate failing to confirm a nominee in a presidential elec-tion year because of the impending election. 
That is right off the blog. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.046 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2144 March 30, 2017 
Judge Garland was denied a hearing and a vote. In fact, during the 1988 Presidential election year, Justice An-thony Kennedy was confirmed by the Senate 97 to 0—not 51 to 49, not 60 to 40, but 97 to 0. But Judge Garland was denied a hearing and a vote. Our Constitution, the one that every Member of this great deliberative body has sworn an oath to uphold, standing right over there, requires the Senate to provide its advice and consent to Su-preme Court nominees. Over the years, there have been a lot of questions as to what advice and con-sent entails. Judge Garland was denied a hearing and a vote. A good man—I think an extraordinary man—was treated badly, as was our Constitution. I believe the unprecedented obstruc-tion our Republican colleagues mount-ed last year against Judge Garland was a shameful chapter for the U.S. Senate. Mr. Garland, a consensus builder, one of the most qualified judges in our country, waited 293 days for a hearing and a vote that ultimately never came. I am still deeply troubled by those 293 wasted days, and I am still deeply trou-bled by the way Judge Garland was treated. I believe Judge Garland still deserves a hearing and still deserves a vote. While I do not believe that two wrongs make a right, I believe this may be our only opportunity to right a wrong and erase the enormous black mark that the Senate’s failure to con-sider Judge Garland leaves on this chapter of American history. I think it is unacceptable to put partisan politics over fidelity to our U.S. Constitution. Confirming anyone for this vacancy other than Judge Garland would be a stamp of approval for playing politics with Supreme Court nominees. From where I sit, upholding our oath to protect the Constitution means find-ing agreement on moving Judge Gar-land’s nomination forward at the same time as that of Judge Neil Gorsuch, President Trump’s nominee. When President Trump lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes last year and narrowly won the electoral college, he promised to be a President for all Americans. I think a fair question is, Has he upheld that promise? Well, let’s decide—an unconstitu-tional Muslim ban, an unnecessary and overpriced wall on the southern border, a failed healthcare bill that would have provided less coverage for more money, a rollback of environmental protec-tions for all of us who don’t want to drink dirty water and don’t want to breathe dirty air. If you ask me, the President has broken the promise to be a President for all Americans. Now I realize that others may differ and dis-agree, but his nomination of Judge Gorsuch represents what I believe is another broken promise. I have heard from middle-class folks, from workers up and down my State, from special education teachers, from immigrant communities, from women who depend on access to healthcare, and my guess is my colleagues have as well. Many of them fear that Judge Gorsuch is not on their side. Despite his impressive resume, I share those same concerns. At this time, I believe it is appro-priate to hit the pause button until an agreement can be reached that pro-vides justice for Judge Garland while restoring credibility to the U.S. Sen-ate. I believe that is only bolstered by the cloud that lingers over President Trump’s campaign. As FBI Director Comey testified last week, there is an ongoing investigation to determine the links between Russia and the Trump campaign and whether there was any coordination between the Trump campaign and Russia to interfere in the 2016 election. It has also been widely reported in the media that officials from the upper echelon of the Trump campaign have close ties to Vladimir Putin’s interests in weak-ening democratic governments throughout the West. There are many Americans who believe that Judge Gorsuch has been nominated for a sto-len Supreme Court seat. There are also a number of Americans who believe that he has been nominated by a man whose campaign may have coordinated with foreign adversaries on stealing a Presidential election. Let me be clear. At the moment, no evidence has been made public to indi-cate that this is the case, but there are few nominations that any President will make that will have more of an impact on our Constitution and on the lives of everyday Americans than the U.S. Supreme Court. To hastily move forward with Judge Gorsuch, who is 49 years old and can serve on the Supreme Court well into the middle of this cen-tury, without first getting to the bot-tom of the suspicious and irregular ac-tions of the Trump campaign officials, I believe, would be a mistake. The American people need to know that the President’s campaign was above reproach before we decide wheth-er Judge Gorsuch merits approval for a lifetime appointment. I will close my remarks by offering a word of caution to my colleagues. We have maintained and preserved a 60- vote threshold for Supreme Court nominees to prevent Democrats and Republicans from choosing political ex-pediency over bipartisan consensus. If Judge Gorsuch fails to obtain 60 votes on the cloture vote next week, I think it could signal one of three things. First, that Judge Gorsuch’s views are outside the judicial mainstream; sec-ond, that we still have an opportunity to rectify the injustice done to Judge Garland and to our Constitution; or third, that we still do not know the na-ture of the relationship between the Trump campaign and Russia—a coun-try whose leadership has ordered an at-tack on our election and our democ-racy, as well as a whole lot of other countries around the world. If Judge Gorsuch fails to achieve 60 votes on the first try or the next try, it does not mean that his nomination will not move forward at some point in the future. It means we have hit the pause button. It may very well be that while we pause, another vacancy on the Court could emerge. Who knows when another vacancy might occur? But if you ask me, another vacancy might present the Senate with an opportunity to right what I believe is a historic wrong, and we should see if the other objections that have been raised about Judge Gorsuch could be addressed be-fore we change the rules of the Senate in favor of the party in power. In closing, I will say again that Judge Garland waited 293 days for a hearing and a vote that never came. Judge Gorsuch waited 48 days for a hearing, and we will be voting on his nomination next week. Talk about a rush to judgment. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The Senator’s time has ex-pired. Mr. CARPER. I would ask the Pre-siding Officer for 15 seconds, please. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARPER. Talk about a rush to judgment. We have time. The Amer-ican people are watching us, and his-tory will judge us. Let’s make sure we get this right. Let’s make sure we get this right. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
f 
ISSUES BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, as we ap-proach the end of another week in the Senate with a 2-week recess on the ho-rizon, I think it is a good time to re-flect on where we are on various high- profile efforts and to talk about the pathways forward. As is generally the case when any new administration comes into office, the Republican majorities in both the House and Senate began 2017 with an ambitious agenda in order to make good on the promises we have made to the American people over the last sev-eral years. Many of the key items on the agenda fall squarely in the jurisdic-tion of the Senate Finance Committee, which I chair. That being the case, my colleagues on the committee and I have been hard at work, trying to find the right solutions on things like healthcare, tax reform, and trade pol-icy. I don’t think I am going to surprise anyone when I say it hasn’t been easy. Honestly, I think that might be the biggest understatement of the year. Things have been difficult for a num-ber of reasons. One reason is that we are coming off of a bitter election year, one that shocked a number of our col-leagues. After a hotly contested cam-paign, it can sometimes take a while for things to return to normal. How-ever, I don’t think that excuses the tactics and rhetoric we have seen from our friends on the other side of the aisle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.047 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2145 March 30, 2017 
In any of these big-ticket policy ef-forts, whether we are talking about re-pealing and replacing ObamaCare, fix-ing the Tax Code, or updating Amer-ica’s trade policy, cooperation between the legislative and the executive branches is key. My Democratic col-leagues know this, which, I suppose, is probably the reason they appeared to be bound and determined to prevent any meaningful cooperation from hap-pening. Now don’t get me wrong; I don’t ex-pect my friends to change their views and back policies that they find dis-agreeable. However, you would think, at the very least, that they would allow the new President to get his team in place, a courtesy that has typi-cally been extended to past Presidents, regardless of party. Yet over the last few months, we have seen a systematic effort from our Democratic colleagues to smear, attack, and undermine the vast majority of executive branch nominees. In many cases, after the baseless attacks have failed to gain traction, they have used every proce-dural tool at their disposal, including surprise boycotts of committee mark-ups, in order to slow down the con-firmation process. This level of obstruction with regard to nominees is unprecedented. And I think it is safe to say that it has slowed our efforts down somewhat, which, I suppose, is the exact reason our colleagues have taken this path. Still, despite these childish tactics, the teams are coming together, and we are moving forward in a number of key areas. As I said, it still hasn’t been easy, but to paraphrase a number of important figures, nothing worth doing is ever easy. For example, on healthcare, I think it is safe to say that the ongoing effort to repeal and replace ObamaCare took a hit last week, but I don’t think that has weakened anyone’s resolve. ObamaCare is a disaster, and one way or another, it has to go away. The American people are demanding that we take action, and I expect that the volume of those demands is only going to go up. I commend Speaker R
YANfor his ef-forts thus far, and I commend all my colleagues in the House and Senate for their commitment to repealing and re-placing the so-called Affordable Care Act. I remain hopeful that in the near future we can find a workable path for-ward, and that includes my Democratic colleagues as well. On tax reform we have some indica-tions that the Trump administration intends to be more actively engaged in finding and developing a path forward. I have said for years that if we are going to be successful in tax reform—a goal shared by Members of both par-ties—it is going to take Presidential leadership and cooperation by both parties. While President Obama was generally unwilling to meaningfully engage on tax reform, President Trump and his team appear to be anxious to drive the process, and I welcome that. As with healthcare reform, there are some differences of opinion with regard to tax reform. Still, I think there is a remarkable amount of agreement, at least among Republicans, on the major issues we need to deal with to fix our broken Tax Code. Overall, I would say that the Repub-licans in the Senate, the House, and the White House agree on about 80 per-cent of the major tax reform issues, and a number of key and fundamental questions are answered in that 80 per-cent. For example, we all generally agree on the need for comprehensive reform. We agree on the need to bring down tax rates for businesses and job creators. We agree that we need a sim-plified rate structure on the individual side. We agree on the need to fix the international tax rules to level the playing field for American companies and encourage more investment in the United States, and we generally agree on key process issues, including the ap-propriate revenue baselines and the use of macroeconomic analysis in budget scoring. Still, that 20 percent of issues where we don’t necessarily agree is not insig-nificant. We will need to find a con-sensus path forward on those issues as well. One area where we have yet to reach a consensus—and the one getting the most attention—is on the proposed border adjustment tax. People have a number of opinions about this, and I have had numerous people in my office on both sides of the issue. As I said, there are a number of opinions on this proposal, and they have been more than willing to express them publicly. As for myself, I am anxious to see what it looks like once our friends in the House put it all together. It is too early for me to express a de-finitive position now. So at this point, all I will say is that I have some basic questions about the proposal. For example, who will ultimately bear the tax? To what extent will it be borne by consumers, workers, share-holders, and, of course, foreigners? Another question: Is the proposal consistent with our international trade obligations? Finally, since border adjustability will likely be a significant shift in business tax policy, would it require us to make adjustments to ensure that we don’t unduly increase the tax burden on specific industries? If so, what ad-justments would be necessary, and how would they be structured? I look forward to receiving more de-tails on this proposal. However, here in the Senate, we also have some work to do, and I have been actively working with the members of the Finance Com-mittee to find various solutions to our Nation’s tax problems. At the end of the day, I don’t think it will surprise anyone to hear me say that I believe we are going to need to have a robust and substantive tax re-form process in the Senate. In my view, it is not realistic to think that the Senate will simply take up and pass a House bill without our Members having a significant input on the substance of the bill. That is how the Congress is supposed to operate, and I think that is what will produce the best result in the end. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues in the House on tax reform. I also appreciate the willing-ness of the new Treasury Secretary and the President’s National Economic Council to lead on this effort, and I look forward to continuing to work with them as well. I will also say this: My hope is that both parties can find a way to work to-gether on tax reform. While we have procedural tools at our disposal to get tax reform legislation through Con-gress with strictly Republican votes, I personally believe that it would be bet-ter to find a bipartisan path forward. A bipartisan bill would allow us to put in place more lasting reforms and give the overall effort additional credibility. I am sure there are some who think it is impossible for Republicans and Democrats to work together on some-thing of this magnitude, but I have been in the Senate for a long time, and I think my record for bipartisanship speaks for itself. I believe we can and should work together, and I am willing to talk and work with anyone who is willing to set politics aside and engage in good faith on these matters. I have been banging a drum on tax reform for 6 years now, and throughout that time, I have invited my Demo-cratic colleagues to join in this effort. I will do so again today. Hopefully, some of our colleagues on the other side will take me up on this offer. Finally, I want to say a few words about U.S. trade policy. Trade is an-other area in which President Trump has some ambitious plans and in which, up to now, progress has been hindered. Before I delve into that, let me reit-erate a key point. In 2015, Congress outlined its trade priorities with our legislation to renew the trade promotion authority, which was signed into law by President Obama. The TPA statute gives clear guidance as to what a trade agreement should look like if it is going to win Congress’s approval. President Trump was fortunate to come into office with TPA already in effect, and I am committed to working with him to enact trade agreements that meet those standards established by the TPA law. When it comes to new trade agreements or revisions to mod-ernize existing trade agreements, that is my top priority as chairman of the Senate committee with jurisdiction over trade policy. Our trade laws are designed to give Congress a voice in both the negotiation and implementa-tion of trade agreements. In addition to priorities and objec-tives outlined under TPA, there is the Office of the U.S. Trade Representa-tive, which is intended to be the chief intermediary between Congress and, of course, the administration on trade 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.049 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2146 March 30, 2017 
policy matters. In other words, in order for the two branches to effectively work together on trade, the Office of the USTR needs to be fully functional and fully staffed. Unfortunately, up to now, some on the other side have been making unrea-sonable and wholly unrelated demands in relation to the confirmation of President Trump’s nominee to be USTR even though he has support from Members of both parties. This is unfor-tunate. However, I am working with my colleagues to remove any remain-ing roadblocks, and I am hoping we can make progress on this very soon. As one can see, we have quite a bit of work to do here in Congress, and I am only talking about a handful of the major issues before us. I am very con-cerned. There are, of course, many other priorities we need to address and matters we need to resolve. I am hop-ing that in the coming weeks and months, as we put more distance be-tween us and the 2016 election, more of our colleagues on both sides will be amenable to working together to ad-dress these kinds of issues even if it means allowing President Trump to claim some successes. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. 
f 
IMPROVING ACCESS TO AFFORD-ABLE PRESCRIPTION DRUGS ACT Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise to talk about a path forward on healthcare. Last week, Republicans in the House failed to pass the American Health Care Act—a deeply flawed policy that amounted to little more than a mas-sive tax break for the wealthy at the expense of working people. The failure of that bill means that, as Speaker R
YANput it, the ACA is the law of the land for the foreseeable future. So today I would like to invite my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle to leave repeal efforts behind and instead roll up their sleeves and work with me and other Democrats to improve the system we already have, which is the law of the land for the foreseeable fu-ture. It is time to pass commonsense reforms that build on the successes of the ACA and lower healthcare costs. In a recent HELP Committee hear-ing, Chairman A
LEXANDER said that he wanted to work on a bipartisan basis to stabilize the individual market. Great. Let’s do that. We should reinstate and strengthen programs that help insur-ance companies stay in the market-place and continue to serve even the sickest patients. We should pass a pub-lic option to make sure there is com-petition in every market. We should provide more tax credits to more peo-ple. While we work on those things, there is something else we should do, some-thing that, together with a group of my colleagues, I introduced a bill about yesterday. It is time to bring down healthcare costs for everyone by reduc-ing the price of prescription drugs. It is time to pass the Improving Access to Affordable Prescription Drugs Act. I think all of us would agree that no one should have to choose between af-fording a lifesaving drug and putting food on the table for one’s family, but right now that is happening. Compa-nies are setting prices that are beyond the reach of consumers and that are driving up costs for insurers and tax-payers. One in five Americans says he has not filled a prescription simply because he could not afford it. Others are ra-tioning care due to high prices. A study published just last month found that about 10 percent of cancer patients skipped their medication and about 13 percent delayed filling their prescrip-tions. We have all been shocked by the stories of EpiPen’s prices shooting up nearly 500 percent. The price of insulin has more than doubled in the last 5 years. Drug companies can essentially set whatever prices they want. As a result, in recent years, drug companies have secured some of the highest profit mar-gins of any industry. Drug prices are too high. That is why my colleagues and I are introducing comprehensive legislation to tackle prescription drug prices. We want to make sure companies cannot exploit the sick and dying to make a profit. The bill includes 17 policy changes that will improve transparency, promote af-fordability, spur innovation, and en-hance competition. Today, I would like to highlight just three of those provi-sions. First, transparency. This legislation requires drug companies to disclose how much they spend on research, manufacturing, and marketing, as well as research grants from the Federal Government, to help all of us under-stand why prices for lifesaving drugs are so high. It is especially galling that so many drugs that are developed with taxpayer dollars are unaffordable for so many Americans. Getting this informa-tion would help all of us hold drug companies accountable, and that can be an important step toward bringing prices down. Second—something that President Trump called for on the campaign trail—the bill will allow Medicare to negotiate lower prices for prescription drugs. It is just common sense that the biggest buyer of pharmaceutical prod-ucts in America should be able to use its negotiating clout to bring prices down. Third, the bill would end the practice of so-called pay-for-delay. Right now, drug companies that make the expen-sive brand-name drugs will pay other companies that make generic alter-natives to keep their products off the market. This is called pay-for-delay. It is outrageous, and it is increasingly common. This bill will stop these agreements once and for all. There is a lot more that this bill does. It penalizes companies that price- gouge for lifesaving medicine, and I think we can all agree on that. It puts a cap on out-of-pocket drug costs in in-surance plans. It speeds up generic competition. It funds new innovation and includes a number of other provi-sions. Tackling the high cost of prescrip-tion drugs is an issue many of my col-leagues care deeply about. This bill re-flects many of their ideas and pro-posals, and I am grateful for their work with me. Moreover, it is obvious that the public is ready for action on this issue. Overwhelming majorities of Americans in both parties support gov-ernment action to curb out-of-control drug prices. I am eager to hear from colleagues on both sides of the aisle and from the ad-ministration about how we can work together to pass the reforms into law. This is an area of health policy that Democrats are eager to work on, and we hope the President will stand by his promise to stand up to drug companies and reduce costs for American families. It is morally wrong that some people are denied access to lifesaving drugs because they cannot afford them, and it is something we can fix. I am in the Senate so that I can fight for policies that improve people’s lives. That is why I am here. With this bill, I am trying to do exactly that. I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join me in helping to bring down the cost of prescription drugs. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, for 7 years, Republicans in Congress have promised to ‘‘repeal and replace ObamaCare,’’ but not once during those 7 years did they actually put together a piece of legislation to make good on that promise. Not once during those 7 years did Re-publican leaders actually convene seri-ous hearings and meetings with pa-tients, hospitals, insurers, and medical groups to discuss how best to reform our healthcare system, instead prefer-ring to just rail against the law. Not once during those 7 years did congressional Republicans actually try to sit down with Democrats and work on a bipartisan basis to improve upon the law. But here is what they did do: They did everything possible to gum up the works, with many Republican Gov-ernors even refusing to expand Med-icaid, denying millions of their con-stituents access to healthcare. They went on TV, did interviews, and held campaign rallies about how all of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.050 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2147 March 30, 2017 
the challenges facing our healthcare system, challenges that we faced even before we passed the ACA, was the fault of ObamaCare and made empty promises about ‘‘repeal and replace.’’ Congressional Republicans voted over 60 times to repeal the Affordable Care Act when they knew President Obama was in office and he would veto re-peal—60 times. Now, with Republicans controlling the House, the Senate, the White House, you know what they are doing? Nothing—they cancelled their vote last Friday to repeal the law. Why? As evidenced last week, they are incapable of developing a proposal that garners the support of their own Republican Caucus. They are incapable of bringing a piece of legislation to the House Floor for a vote, despite having a large Republican majority in the House. Now, after 17 legislative days of try-ing to ram through a bill that would have thrown at least 24 million people off their health insurance, reduced pro-tections for 178 million people who have employer-based coverage, in-creased costs for seniors and rural com-munities, and given a huge tax break to drug companies and the wealthiest Americans, Republicans are giving up. Time to move on, they say; time to tackle tax reform, they say. Well, I, along with the majority of Americans who have benefited from this law, am relieved. The Affordable Care Act is not per-fect—no law is. It made sure 20 million more Ameri-cans could get health insurance, in-cluding 1 million Illinoisans. As a re-sult, our uninsured rate is at its lowest level in our Nation’s history. Young people are staying on their parents’ plans till age 26, and seniors are seeing big savings on their pre-scription drugs. Women can no longer be charged more than men for the same coverage, and people with preexisting conditions can no longer be discriminated against. Annual and lifetime caps on benefits are a thing of the past, and people now have access to maternity and newborn care, as well as mental health and sub-stance abuse treatment. Now that Republicans have acknowl-edged that the Affordable Care Act is, as Speaker R
YAN stated, ‘‘the law of the land . . . for the foreseeable fu-ture,’’ it is time to start building off of it. Like Medicare and Social Security before it, it is time to make some bi-partisan modifications that can help improve the law. We need to increase insurer competi-tion because, in too many of our com-munities, there are not enough options. We need to address individual market premium increases because, for too many of our constituents, an affordable health plan is still out of reach. I, along with many of my Democratic colleagues, have put forth ideas to deal with some of these issues. I support the creation of a ‘‘public plan,’’ which would both increase com-petition in areas that are lacking and drive down premiums since, as Medi-care has demonstrated time and again, the Federal Government can be more efficient than private for-profit compa-nies. I support legislation to bring down the high cast of prescription drugs, which are driving up premiums for families nationwide. BlueCross BlueShield of Illinois now pays more for prescription drugs than they do on inpatient hospital costs, and they readily admit that drug costs are contributing to premium hikes. We need to allow Medicare to nego-tiate drug prices. We need to end ‘‘pay for delay’’ agreements and get cheaper drugs on the market quicker. We need to prohibit direct-to-consumer adver-tising. We need more transparency into how drug prices are set, and we need penalties on drug companies that gouge the American public. I also support enforcing portions of the law that Republicans have sabo-taged and undermined since its incep-tion. We need to allow the ‘‘risk cor-ridor’’ program to operate unimpeded. We need to expand Medicaid in all States, especially since we know that premiums are highest and competition lowest in nonexpansion States, and we need to enforce the law—which is why the very first order of business going forward must be for President Trump to rescind the Executive order he issued on January 20. The President’s order directed the heads of all Federal agencies respon-sible for implementing and enforcing the Affordable Care Act to stand down, to not implement the law, to not en-force the law. Now that the page has hopefully been turned on the ugly ‘‘repeal’’ chapter of this saga, it is time for the President and his administration to faithfully implement, enforce, and help improve this law. I am calling on the President and congressional Republicans: Now is the time to stop undermining the law that is enjoying record support from Ameri-cans. Now is not time to throw sand in the law’s eyes, put a spoke in its wheel, and then turn around, gloat, and blame Democrats when it does not function properly. The Affordable Care Act while cham-pioned by Democrats and President Obama, included over 100 Republican amendments and, for better or worse, borrowed heavily from Republican ideas for the marketplace. Let’s end these partisan games. This law—the good and the short-comings—is on all of us to improve. Democrats have ideas, but we cannot do it alone. Remember, the Republican Party controls the House, the Senate, and the White House. They are in charge. If improvements are going to be made, Republicans are going to have to get serious. Now that the half-baked repeal effort has collapsed, my hope is that Repub-licans will finally be willing to sit down and work with Democrats. I know I am ready to pull up a chair. f 
RUSSIA AND TRUMP CAMPAIGN INVESTIGATION Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last week in testimony to the House Intel-ligence Committee, FBI Director Comey confirmed what many of us have been urging for months: the need for an independent commission to look into the Russian act of cyber war on our election and any possible collusion with members of the Trump campaign. Comey confirmed that the FBI was ‘‘investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government, and whether there was any coordination between the cam-paign and Russian efforts.’’ He continued that FBI agents would pursue the investigation ‘‘no matter how long that takes.’’ This is incredible. I am not surprised, but it is incredible. Our Nation’s top law enforcement agency is inves-tigating possible links between those involved in President Trump’s cam-paign and a foreign adversary known to have conducted an aggressive intel-ligence operation to help him get elect-ed, and all the while, this President continues to deny any such attack, praise the dictator who launched the attack, and pursue policies that mirror those of the attacker, including the weakening of the Western security alli-ance. Yet what has been the priority of the majority party amid this mounting and serious breach, one we already knew about 5 months ago? Has it been to set up an independent commission to look into this unprece-dented threat to our Nation and de-mocracy? No. Has it been to work with the White House to disclose all information in an open and transparent manner to clear up any concerns or suspicions? No, in fact the opposite—we still haven’t even seen the President’s tax returns to get answers on Russian money in his busi-nesses. Has it been to pass sanctions on Rus-sia for its attack on our Nation? No. Has it been to pass meaningful cyber security legislation, legislation blocked by the majority in the last Congress to make sure our next elec-tions in less than 2 years are secure from attack? No. So what has been the priority in-stead? Well, last week, the majority voted to make it easier to kill baby bears and their mothers in their dens. The majority also reversed internet privacy protections for consumers. A few weeks ago, the majority voted to reverse a law to help mitigate corrup-tion in some of the world’s most im-poverished nations. Of course, the majority failed to ad-vance TrumpCare, which would have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR6.024 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2148 March 30, 2017 
stripped 24 million Americans of healthcare, a cruel bill that would have disproportionately hurt those who voted for President Trump. This is a dereliction of our responsi-bility here in the Congress. Not one of these issues is more important than getting to the bottom of possible collu-sion with the Russians or of the possi-bility that some in the White House have been compromised by a foreign government. I want to praise the few on the ma-jority side who have spoken out on the need for an investigation, including Senator G
RAHAM and Senator M CCAIN. They noted early on the need for an independent investigation. Today a majority of Americans also want an independent commission. I am again calling for the same. We need an independent commission, one led by American statesmen or women of un-questioned reputation, say Sandra Day O’Connor or Colin Powell. We did this after the attack of Sep-tember 11, and this attack and its un-answered questions demand nothing less again today. 
f 
JUSTICE AND THE RULE OF LAW IN CENTRAL AMERICA Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, last week I spoke about the importance of the rule of law in Guatemala and praised the work of Attorney General Thelma Aldana and the commissioner of the International Commission Against Im-punity in Guatemala, Ivan Velasquez. These two individuals have helped to create hope among the Guatemalan people in the possibility of justice in a country where the justice system has too often been used to perpetuate cor-ruption, impunity, and inequality. The International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala, or CICIG, has been strongly supported by the United States. I commended Presi-dent Morales when, shortly after tak-ing office last January, he extended CICIG’s mandate. He has affirmed that he supports CICIG’s mandate through September 2019, for which, again, I commend him. Last week, I expressed a concern that had been conveyed to me by several in-dividuals that President Morales might recommend against renewal of Mr. Velasquez as commissioner beyond September 2017, when Mr. Velasquez’s current term expires. In response, ac-cording to press reports, President Mo-rales denied this and said he supports Mr. Velasquez for as long as Mr. Velasquez does the job he is supposed to do. Ivan Velasquez is a respected former judge from Colombia who has carried out his responsibilities as the commis-sioner of CICIG with professionalism. He and Attorney General Aldana have collaborated on sensitive, complex cases, which until recently would never have been prosecuted in Guatemala, given its history of impunity. It is im-portant that their collaboration con-tinue for as long as possible. I welcome President Morales’s public statement of support for CICIG and for Mr. Velasquez, particularly at a time when the U.S. Congress is again being asked to provide hundreds of millions of dollars to support the Alliance for Prosperity Plan. That plan, which is in its early stages, has the potential to make progress in combating the pov-erty, lack of opportunity, inequality, violence, and impunity that are among the key contributors to migration from Central America to the United States. These are deeply rooted problems that the Central American countries and the United States have a strong inter-est in working together to address. For the Alliance for Prosperity Plan to succeed, each of the Central Amer-ican governments needs to take steps that their predecessors were unwilling or unable to take. Those steps include ensuring that senior government offi-cials and their advisers are people of integrity; redefining the antagonistic relationship between government and civil society, to one of mutual respect for each other’s legitimate role; fully supporting efforts to combat corrup-tion by CICIG and by the Mission to Support the Fight Against Corruption and Impunity in Honduras—El Sal-vador should also recognize the impor-tant role these entities are playing and support the establishment of a similar commission to combat corruption and impunity in that country—increasing the budget of the Office of the Attor-ney General, so they have the nec-essary personnel, training, equipment, and protection to carry out their re-sponsibilities throughout the country, especially in areas where they have never had the resources to operate; supporting the independence of the ju-diciary, including the selection of judges based on their qualifications and the principle of equal access to jus-tice; and building transparent and ac-countable institutions of democracy that can withstand attempts to subvert the rights of the people, including de-militarizing law enforcement and building professional, civilian police forces. It is the responsibility of the Central American governments to take these steps and, by doing so, create the con-ditions for building more prosperous, equitable, and just societies. If they do that and they meet the other condi-tions in U.S. law, the United States should support them. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT RESOLUTIONS Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to express my disappoint-ment in today’s vote on H.J. Res. 67 and my strong opposition to H.J. Res. 66. These resolutions overturn rules issued by the Department of Labor that are essential to providing in-creased access to retirement savings programs at the city and State levels. Among all working families in Amer-ica ages 32 to 61, the median family in America had only $5,000 saved in 2013. This indicates to me that we are clear-ly facing a retirement savings crisis. In California, 7.5 million workers don’t have access to a retirement sav-ings plan through their jobs, including 3.4 million women. Of those without a workplace retirement savings plan, al-most 5 million are individuals of Color, and over 3.5 million are Latino. The good news is that, when a person has access to a retirement savings pro-gram through their workplace, they are 15 times more likely to save for re-tirement. In California, legislators have been working for more than 4 years to cre-ate the Secure Choice program as a way of addressing the retirement crisis we face. This program allows workers to easily save for retirement through a deduction made directly from their paycheck. Those who need access to a work-place retirement program the most, in-dividuals with lower incomes, are far less likely to have that access. These are the people who stand to gain the most from the Secure Choice program and lose the most by Congress halting its progress. Let me share some examples of the people who would be impacted. Most el-igible employees work for small busi-nesses that might not be able to offer retirement savings plans on their own, and nearly half of eligible workers work in the retail, hospitality, healthcare, and manufacturing indus-tries. This program supports lower- and middle-class workers by providing ac-cess to the tools they need to control their financial future. The average wage of workers eligible for this pro-gram is $35,000, and 80 percent of eligi-ble workers earn less than $50,000. We are facing a time of deep income inequality and must stand up for pro-grams that support the middle class, like Secure Choice. Nationwide, the bottom 90 percent of households have seen their income drop compared to what it was in 1970. Meanwhile, the top 1 percent has seen their household in-come triple. As workers struggle to make ends meet, it is appalling to me that Con-gress would actively take away a key resource for financial planning. Californians want to ensure that all employees have access to a retirement savings program. The Department of Labor’s State rule clears the way for California to set up programs like Se-cure Choice by clarifying employers’ obligations to the accounts. This rule would also help small busi-nesses compete for qualified workers who expect and deserve access to a workplace retirement savings program. Small Business California supports the Department of Labor’s rule paving the way for these programs and opposes this resolution. Finally, in California, our State chapter of the Chamber of Commerce specifically asked for an opinion from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR6.023 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2149 March 30, 2017 
the Department of Labor on employer obligations. Once the Department of Labor’s rule was issued, CalChamber no longer opposed the California bill. In fact, the legislation that passed in California requires the State board to report a finalized rule from the Depart-ment of Labor. Overturning the De-partment of Labor’s rule completely ignores the effort and care taken in California to craft a program that works for both employees and employ-ers. Nationally, almost half of working- age households do not have retirement savings accounts, and 55 million people don’t have access to a workplace re-tirement plan. This is shocking. According to the Economic Policy In-stitute, the median retirement account savings for families ages 56 to 61 was only $17,000 in 2013. This is only slight-ly higher than the 2016 poverty thresh-old for a household of two people aged 65 and older. It is inconceivable that a family could afford to finance their re-tirement with only $17,000 in savings. Supporting retirement savings is not a partisan issue. In fact a bipartisan group of State treasurers oppose this resolution, as does the National Con-ference of State Legislatures. We are facing a retirement savings crisis in our country, and the Depart-ment of Labor’s rule is a simple, com-monsense guideline that make it easier for individuals to save for retirement. While today’s vote is a disappointing development for city programs, I will keep fighting to support California’s Secure Choice program. I strongly urge my colleagues to stand up for Amer-ican workers and support their access to retirement savings programs by op-posing H.J. Res. 66, should it come up for a vote on the Senate floor. Thank you. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITION—S.J. RES. 19 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, hereby direct that the Senate Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs be discharged from further consider-ation of S.J. Res. 19, a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection relating to pre-paid accounts under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act and the Truth in Lending Act. David Perdue, Mike Crapo, Rob Portman, Steve Daines, Lamar Alexander, Mike Rounds, John Cornyn, Mitch McCon-nell, Roger Wicker, Ted Cruz, Patrick Toomey, Ron Johnson, Mike Lee, Shel-ley Moore Capito, John Hoeven, James Lankford, Thom Tillis, John Kennedy, James M. Inhofe, John Boozman, John Thune, Michael B. Enzi, Johnny Isak-son, James E. Risch, Tom Cotton, Thad Cochran, Jeff Flake, Luther Strange, Richard Shelby, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO GARY PETERSEN ∑Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to a dear friend, honorable servicemember, and dedicated public servant. On March 3, Gary Petersen retired from over a half- century career of private and public service supporting scientific achieve-ment and advocacy for the people of my home State of Washington. Gary has worked tirelessly to support the Hanford cleanup and the Pacific North-west National Laboratory, PNNL, and has undoubtedly bolstered our Nation’s security during the 52 years that he has lived and worked in the Tri-Cities. Gary and I have collaborated closely many times over the years on many projects. Most recently, he played a key role in organizing the energy workforce roundtable held at PNNL with Department of Energy Secretary Moniz in August of last year. Gary has been a steadfast advocate for cleaning up the Hanford site, funding for the world-class research and development at PNNL, and for the continued growth of the Volpentest HAMMER Training Center at the Hanford site. I am con-fident that Washington State, and es-pecially the Tri-Cities, would not be as well positioned to tackle our Nation’s future energy challenges if not for over 50 years of Gary Petersen’s tireless work. Originally from Omak, a small city located in Okanogan County, Gary joined the Army and was stationed in the Tri-Cities in January 1960. After a duty station transfer to Korea, Gary returned and graduated with a commu-nications degree from Washington State University. Shortly after gradua-tion, Gary started with Battelle, a company that had a contract for a re-search and development lab located at Hanford. That lab provided crucial services during the Cold War and is now known as PNNL. Gary went on to work for Westinghouse on the Fast Flux Test Facility, the Washington Public Power Supply System, and spent time with the International Nu-clear Safety Program, a cooperative nuclear energy safety effort between the U.S. and Soviet Union. After retir-ing from Battelle in 2002, Gary served on the Tri-City Development Council, TRIDEC, an organization dedicated to improving the economic health of the Tri-Cities area. During his 14 years at TRIDEC, Gary has been a relentless supporter for DOE’s missions at Hanford and PNNL and a champion for the larger Tri-City community and our State by ensuring important projects received needed Federal resources. Gary is the type of constituent every member hopes to have in their communities back home—a very involved citizen. He has been a strong advocate for the issues that matter to the people of Wash-ington while also understanding the importance of communicating with his political representatives. My relation-ship with Gary has been invaluable, and he has been instrumental in many of my proudest career accomplish-ments. Gary shares my vision for why estab-lishing the Manhattan Project Na-tional Historical Park was so impor-tant. We worked together for many years to champion and ultimately see the creation of the Manhattan Project National Historical Park. The legisla-tion I authored preserved the central landmark of the Hanford site and the park, the B Reactor, the first full-scale plutonium production nuclear reactor ever built and a tremendous techno-logical achievement for its time. The park also includes the Bruggemann Ag-ricultural Warehouse, the White Bluffs Bank, the historic Hanford High School, and the Hanford Irrigation Dis-trict’s Allard Pump House. Visitors from 70 countries have already visited the B Reactor, demonstrating the uniqueness of the park and the curi-osity people have about this chapter of American and world history. We all owe Gary a debt of gratitude for the es-tablishment of this park. Today the Tri-Cities is home to a vi-brant agricultural industry, some of the best healthcare available, two col-leges that are training workers to meet the varied needs of the region’s busi-nesses, increasing wine tourism, and a newly expanded airport. Gary has touched all of these projects and many more. I am incredibly proud to have worked with Gary and to call him a friend. Gary, thank you for all of your years of advocacy for the Tri-Cities. I join Washingtonians in thanking him for his longstanding service and wish him and his wife, Margaret, all the best in the future.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JENNY GENGER ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week, I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing Jenny Genger of Jefferson County for her selfless commitment to others in her local community. Jenny is a wonderful example of a local leader who is always willing to take on addi-tional responsibility and devote her time and talent to others. Jenny graduated from the University of Montana with a degree in sociology. At her graduation in Missoula, one of the soldiers in the honor guard escort-ing the national flag caught her atten-tion. With that chance encounter as the spark, the two were married about a year later. The young couple settled near Helena, in Montana City, where today they are raising their four chil-dren. In Helena, Jenny became very ac-tive in the Mothers of Preschoolers, also known as MOPS, by serving ini-tially as the director of hospitality, and then after a period of rapid growth, she graciously took on additional du-ties as the president of a newly formed MOPS group. Jenny served in this ca-pacity for nearly 8 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.040 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2150 March 30, 2017 
A few years ago, Jenny passed on her MOPS leadership baton and began serv-ing as the chairperson for the edu-cation program in her church. As chairperson, Jenny spurred a program to have educational activities available during parent-teacher conferences in order to help parents attend the con-ferences. Jenny also volunteers each week at the local pregnancy resource center and coordinates the center’s an-nual banquet. Not only does Jenny excel at serving her community, she has done so even while her husband, Noah, a Montana Army National Guard pilot, was gone for nearly a year con-ducting missions in southwest Asia. Montana is a State with many un-sung heroes, and people like Jenny are the community glue that make Mon-tana a great place to raise a family. For her efforts to serve, educate, and inspire those around her, Montana is sincerely thankful. Thank you, Jenny. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING COLONEL EDWIN DON STRICKFADEN ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, my col-league Senator M
IKECRAPO joins me today in honoring the life of Colonel Edwin Don Strickfaden, who dedicated 35 years to protecting the citizens of Idaho through his service in Idaho law enforcement. Colonel Strickfaden led the Idaho State Police, ISP, with distinction, serving as director when two Idaho law enforcement agencies were combined to form one ISP and leading the force to accomplish many law enforcement successes furthering the security of our communities. Current Idaho State Po-lice director Colonel Ralph Powell rec-ognized Colonel Strickfaden as a ‘‘champion for all law enforcement throughout the state,’’ and a ‘‘char-ismatic leader’’ who ‘‘worked tirelessly to keep us safe.’’ Colonel Strickfaden— Ed to most of us—joined Idaho law en-forcement in 1967 after serving 4 years in the U.S. Air Force. A native Ida-hoan, Ed was born on August 3, 1945, to Don and Ruth Strickfaden in Nez Perce, ID, and served many commu-nities throughout Idaho before retiring in 2002 making a home with his wife, Barbara, in Salmon, ID. Barbara has worked for my Gubernatorial and U.S. Senate offices, which has given us more opportunities to interact with this re-markable Idahoan. Colonel Strickfaden was known for his thoughtful, reasoned, and inspiring leadership. Although this example of his bravery and devotion to helping others was already highlighted in a 2003 C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD statement, it is worthy of repeating as it is em-blematic of how he served. Colonel Strickfaden was honored by then-Gov-ernor Cecil Andrus for diving into the icy December waters of the Clearwater River to rescue a woman from a sub-merged vehicle. His sense of duty and clear empathy for the people he served was an outstanding example to many. Colonel Strickfaden made an extraor-dinary difference in the lives of Ida-hoans he served and the many who knew him. We thank him for his out-standing service as we join his family, including Barbara and their beloved children, grandchildren, and great- grandchild and many friends in mourn-ing his passing and honoring his loving legacy.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO HOT SHOTS INC. ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, known for its diverse natural resources and awe- inspiring landscapes, Idaho is a place of countless possibilities, where citizens with determination and ambition can lay the foundation for their own suc-cess. I am particularly proud of my home State’s entrepreneurs who con-tinue to pioneer new enterprises that bring our communities together and in-spire a creative spirit in Idahoans across the State. These traits are well represented in this month’s Small Business of the Month. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship, I am pleased to honor Hot Shots Inc. deliv-ery service as the Senate Small Busi-ness of the Month for March 2017. Founded by Lance and Mary Curtis, Hot Shots Inc. is a family-owned and operated small business headquartered in Boise, ID. The innovative vision of the company is driven by a manage-ment team with over 50 years of com-bined experience in courier services. Hot Shots Inc. has provided delivery services in the Boise area since 1998. Their offerings are distinct in that they are capable of delivering anything from small parcels to large freight throughout the Treasure Valley, Sun Valley, Magic Valley, and Twin Falls, all with a same-day guarantee. Over the years, this company has earned and maintained a high level of trust in the Boise area, as is evident through their special delivery service which allows them to access a number of secure lo-cations such as corporate, banking, medical, government, and military sites. Part of what makes Hot Shots Inc. a successful enterprise is its use of modern technology, specifically its uti-lization of an online ordering system, a GPS package tracking system, and an email notification system. The com-pany has adapted with technological advances, making all of these changes to support mobile transactions. All of these advances help instill confidence in every customer that his or her pack-age, parcel, or shipment will arrive on time. This commitment to customer service has helped the company excel in its field and allowed Hot Shots Inc. to enter new markets such as warehousing. Hot Shots Inc. has been a pillar of the community since they first opened their doors. This family-run business has displayed its commitment to the Boise community in a variety of ways, whether by delivering diapers for the Idaho Diaper Bank or through their support of the Idaho Foodbank Back-pack Program, among other commu-nity service activities. I would like to extend my sincerest congratulations to Lance and Mary Curtis and the em-ployees of Hot Shots Inc. for being cho-sen as the March 2017 Small Business of the Month. You make our great State proud, and I look forward to watching your continued growth and success. ∑ f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PURCHASE OF ALASKA ∑Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, today, March 30, marks that 150th an-niversary of the date when President Andrew Johnson signed the treaty with Russia for the purchase of Alaska. It is a big day for my State, and for the past few months, I have been diving into the archives and doing some research about the treaty and about the first few years of challenges following the signing. As you can imagine, building a State out of a frontier, particularly one so far away from the rest of the country and in such an extreme cli-mate, was challenging, to say the least. It demanded, and still does, a certain kind of person with a certain kind of toughness, vision, and a determination to work for the good of all. Let me give you an example of what it has required. Some members of the first territorial legislature in 1913—46 years after the purchase—who lived in far flung places faced a challenge. Specifically how to get to Juneau to begin to hash out cre-ating the rules of a new territory. Of course, there were no commercial airlines in those days—no snow ma-chines, so four members from Nome— lawyers, miners, and businessmen— hitched up their dog teams, headed to Valdez, and took a steamship to Ju-neau. It took them nearly 2 months to get there. When they did arrive, the first order of business was this: grant-ing women the right to vote, 7 years before Congress ratified the 19th Amendment. That is the heritage of every one in Alaska, and that is the same spirit, of traveling far against the odds, to do what is right, that still animates my great State. It animates people who haven’t even been to Alaska. My State is more than a place with set geo-graphic boundaries. My State is also an idea, a dream; it goes beyond borders and represents so much about America that we hold dear: beauty, freedom, self-sufficiency. It has been this way even before Alaska became a terri-tory—when a group of people, led by former Secretary of State William Seward, pushed the country to buy Alaska from Russia for $7.2 million. As has been proven, that was a good deal. Every week, I have been coming down to recognize an Alaskan of the Week, a special person who gives their time, energy, and talents to making our State the best in the country. Today I want to speak about some-one who I will call an honorary Alas-kan. Today I would like to name Sen-ator Charles Sumner our posthumous Alaskan of the Week. Senator Sumner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.039 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2151 March 30, 2017 
never set foot in my State, but he knew Alaska well. We are a State be-cause of him, and others, including Secretary of State William Seward, who had vision and tenacity. Senator Sumner was born on January 6, 1811, in Boston, MA. He was a lawyer, a professor, and then a politician. He was a man of purpose, principle, and many, many words and opinions. In fact, he was nearly caned to death while working in the Senate Chambers, by one of his colleagues—a congress-man from the South—for expressing his opinions on the horrors of slavery. It was a deplorable act, and it cast a pall of shame over this body for years. Sen-ator Sumner never really recovered, but after a long convalescence, he set his sights on the Alaska Purchase. He was skeptical, at first, until Sec-retary of State Seward got his ear, and he immersed himself into the accounts of the promise of this new territory, which turned him into an ardent sup-porter. On April, 8, 1867, Senator Sum-ner, using only notecards, gave a 3- hour speech on the Senate floor about our State. He spoke of Alaska’s abundant re-sources. He saw the Pacific as the ocean of the future and argued that Alaska is the key to that future. He spoke of the treasures—the gold in our land, the veins of coal, our huge min-eral deposits, and the treasures below the Arctic Ocean. He talked about the ‘‘multitudes of fish,’’ the thousands of acres of timber, and the opening of new trade routes. He and others saw in Alaska the ‘‘Eden of the North’’—a future which would entail up to 1 million self-suffi-cient Americans supported by the re-sources of the land. Owning Alaska would give us greater control of the next ‘‘great theater of action’’ in the Arctic and Asia-Pacific, for both na-tional security and economic reason. In the new territory of Alaska, ‘‘Commerce will find new arms; the country new defenders, the national flag new hands to bear it aloft,’’ Sen-ator Sumner argued. A ‘‘boundless and glorious future,’’ awaits, he and other supporters argued. Senator Sumner ended his epic 1867 speech by arguing that the whole terri-tory, not just the peninsula, should be given the name by the people who lived here. ‘‘It should be indigenous, origi-nal, coming from the soil,’’ he said. ‘‘Alaska,’’ he concluded, ‘‘the great land.’’ The day after Sumner’s Senate speech, the once-skeptical U.S. Senate approved the purchase by a vote of 37 to 2. One hundred and fifty years later, Alaska has made good on that early promise. We have contributed enor-mous resources to our country. We are vital to our country’s national defense, our national pride, and our economic growth. We still have the vision of Sec-retary of State Seward and Senator Sumner driving us toward a brighter future. Thanks to Senator Sumner and to the people of Massachusetts who gave us such a brave leader—our hon-orary Alaskan of the Week.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 9:35 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1430. An act to prohibit the Environ-mental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible. 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED  
The message further announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled joint resolution: 
S.J. Res. 34. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Federal Communications Com-mission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Tele-communications Services’’. 
The enrolled joint resolution was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 1:00 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1431. An act to amend the Environ-mental Research, Development, and Dem-onstration Authorization Act of 1978 to pro-vide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1430. An act to prohibit the Environ-mental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. H.R. 1431. An act to amend the Environ-mental Research, Development, and Dem-onstration Authorization Act of 1978 to pro-vide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. f 
MEASURES DISCHARGED The following joint resolution was discharged by petition, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 802(c), and placed on the cal-endar: 
S.J. Res. 19. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to prepaid accounts under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act and the Truth in Lending Act. f 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, March 30, 2017, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled joint resolution: S.J. Res 34. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Federal Communications Com-mission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Tele-communications Services’’. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: S. 110. A bill to require the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, to establish a con-stituent-driven program to provide a digital information platform capable of efficiently integrating coastal data with decision-sup-port tools, training, and best practices and to support collection of priority coastal geospatial data to inform and improve local, State, regional, and Federal capacities to manage the coastal region, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–14). S. 129. A bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–15). S. 168. A bill to amend and enhance certain maritime programs of the Department of Transportation (Rept. No. 115–16). By Mr. ISAKSON, from the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Special Report entitled ‘‘Legislative and Oversight Activities During the 114th Con-gress by the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs’’ (Rept. No. 115–17). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Special Report entitled ‘‘Report on the Legislative Activities of the Senate Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation During the 114th Congress’’ (Rept. No. 115–18). By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary: Special Report entitled ‘‘Report on the Ac-tivities of the Senate Committee on the Ju-diciary During the 114th Congress’’ (Rept. No. 115–19). By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on Rules and Administration: Special Report entitled ‘‘Review of Legis-lative Activity During the 114th Congress’’ (Rept. No. 115–20). By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 141. A bill to improve understanding and forecasting of space weather events, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–21). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Legislative Ac-tivities Report of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hun-dred Fourteenth Congress’’ (Rept. No. 115– 22). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. ROBERTS for the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. *Sonny Perdue, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Agriculture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.044 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2152 March 30, 2017 
By Mr. ALEXANDER for the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. *R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH: S. 775. A bill to streamline the R–1 reli-gious worker visa petition process; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WYDEN: S. 776. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the taxation and regulation of marijuana products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, Mr. B
ENNET , and Mrs. M URRAY ): S. 777. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow deductions and credits relating to expenditures in connec-tion with marijuana sales conducted in com-pliance with State law; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mr. K
ING): S. 778. A bill to require the use of prescrip-tion drug monitoring programs and to facili-tate information sharing among States; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. G
RASS -
LEY, Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mr. L EAHY ): S. 779. A bill to enhance civil penalties under the Federal securities laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. WYDEN: S. 780. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to reduce the gap between Fed-eral and State marijuana policy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. K
ING, and Mr. M ANCHIN ): S. 781. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to limit the liability of health care professionals who volunteer to provide health care services in response to a disaster; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. H ELLER , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 782. A bill to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 783. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of mater-nity care health services; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. H
IRONO , and Mr. M ANCHIN ): S. 784. A bill to provide for an increase, ef-fective December 1, 2017 , in the rates of com-pensation for veterans with service-con-nected disabilities and the rates of depend-ency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. MURKOWSKI ): S. 785. A bill to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to provide for equi-table allotment of land to Alaska Native vet-erans; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mrs. SHAHEEN: S. 786. A bill to establish a grant program relating to the prevention of student and student athlete opioid misuse; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 787. A bill to require the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation to test the effect of including telehealth services in Medicare health care delivery reform mod-els; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. M
CCAIN: S. 788. A bill to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to conduct an independent re-view of the deaths of certain veterans by sui-cide, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C
OTTON , and Mr. B OOZMAN ): S. 789. A bill to exempt from the Lacey Act and the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 cer-tain water transfers between any of the States of Texas, Arkansas, and Louisiana; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 790. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to encourage innovation, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. R
ISCH): S. 791. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to expand intellectual property edu-cation and training for small businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. By Mr. TILLIS (for himself, Mr. K
ING, Mr. T
HUNE , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. C
ORNYN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 792. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to establish an H–2B temporary non-agricultural work visa pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mrs. C
AP-
ITO, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. P
ORTMAN , and Mr. S CHATZ ): S. 793. A bill to prohibit sale of shark fins, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. C
AR-
PER, Mr. B OOZMAN , and Ms. S TABE -
NOW): S. 794. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to improve the process whereby Medicare administrative contractors issue local coverage determina-tions under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 795. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 regarding dual or concurrent enrollment and early college high schools; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. THUNE , and Mr. K ING): S. 796. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the exclusion for employer-provided education assistance to employer payments of student loans; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 797. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grant program; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. T ILLIS ): S. 798. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the Yellow Ribbon G.I. Education Enhancement Program to apply to individuals pursuing programs of education while on active duty, to recipients of the Marine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry scholarship, and to programs of edu-cation pursued on half-time basis or less, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 799. A bill to simplify and improve the Federal student loan program through in-come-contingent repayment to provide stronger protections for borrowers, encour-age responsible borrowing, and save money for taxpayers; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. 800. A bill to protect taxpayers from li-ability associated with the reclamation of surface coal mining operations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S.J. Res. 39. A joint resolution proposing a balanced budget amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. U DALL , and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. Res. 104. A resolution honoring the ac-complishments and legacy of Cesar Estrada Chavez; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. Res. 105. A resolution recognizing 2017 as the 100th anniversary of the creation of the 41st Division; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. Res. 106. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate to support the territorial integrity of Georgia; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. Res. 107. A resolution congratulating the rifle team of West Virginia University on winning the 2017 National Collegiate Ath-letic Association Rifle Championship; con-sidered and agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR6.010 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2153 March 30, 2017 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 96 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 96, a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. 
S. 129 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 129, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 130 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 130, a bill to require enforcement against misbranded milk alternatives. 
S. 200 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 200, a bill to prohibit the conduct of a first-use nuclear strike ab-sent a declaration of war by Congress. 
S. 253 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 253, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-peal the Medicare outpatient rehabili-tation therapy caps. 
S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters. 
S. 407 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from Ken-tucky (Mr. P
AUL) were added as co-sponsors of S. 407, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 431 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 431, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand the use of telehealth for individuals with stroke. 
S. 464 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of S. 464, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide for a permanent Independence at Home medical prac-tice program under the Medicare pro-gram. S. 512 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 512, a bill to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy. 
S. 693 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cosponsors of S. 693, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in pallia-tive care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assist-ant education programs, to promote education and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in aca-demic palliative medicine. 
S. 720 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) and the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Administration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boy-cotts fostered by international govern-mental organizations against Israel and to direct the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 722 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 722, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s bal-listic missile program, support for acts of international terrorism, and viola-tions of human rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 733 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ), the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 733, a bill to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 2 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 2, a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to limiting the number of terms that a Member of Con-gress may serve. 
S. RES. 92 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 92, a resolution expressing concern over the disappearance of David Sneddon, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 100 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. KAINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 100, a resolution condemning ille-gal Russian aggression in Ukraine on the three year anniversary of the an-nexation of Crimea. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. 779. A bill to enhance civil pen-alties under the Federal securities laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. REED. Mr. President, the Stronger Enforcement of Civil Pen-alties Act, which I reintroduce today with Senator G
RASSLEY , Senator H
EITKAMP , and Senator L EAHY , will en-hance the ability of securities regu-lators to protect investors and demand greater accountability from market players. Even after the financial crisis that crippled the economy, we continue to see calculated wrongdoing by some on Wall Street, and without the con-sequence of meaningful penalties to serve as an effective deterrent, I fear this disturbing culture of misconduct will persist. Today, the amount of penalties the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC can fine an institution or indi-vidual is limited by statute. During hearings I held in 2011 in the Securi-ties, Insurance, and Investment Bank-ing Subcommittee, I learned how this limitation significantly interferes with the SEC’s ability to perform its en-forcement duties. At that time, the agency had been criticized by a Federal judge for not obtaining a larger settle-ment against Citigroup, a major player in the financial crisis that settled with the SEC in an amount that was a frac-tion of the cost the bank had inflicted on investors. The SEC explained that the reason for the low settlement amount was a statutory prohibition against levying a larger penalty. In-deed, then SEC Chairman Mary L. Schapiro in 2011 also explained that ‘‘the Commission’s statutory authority to obtain civil monetary penalties with appropriate deterrent effect is limited in many circumstances.’’ The bipartisan bill Senator G
RASSLEY  and I are reintroducing finally updates the SEC’s civil penalties statute. This bill strives to make potential and cur-rent offenders think twice before en-gaging in misconduct by increasing the maximum civil monetary penalties permitted by statute, directly linking the size of the maximum penalties to the amount of losses suffered by vic-tims of a violation and substantially raising the financial stakes for repeat offenders of our Nation’s securities laws. Specifically, our bill would give the SEC more options to tailor penalties to the specific circumstances of a given violation. In addition to raising the per violation caps for severe, or ‘‘tier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR6.013 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2154 March 30, 2017 
three,’’ violations to $1 million per of-fense for individuals and $10 million per offense for entities, the legislation would also give the SEC additional op-tions to obtain greater penalties based on the ill-gotten gains of the violator or on the financial harm to investors. Our bill also addresses the disturbing trend of repeat offenders on Wall Street through two provisions. The first would allow the SEC to triple the penalty cap applicable to recidivists who have been held either criminally or civilly liable for securities fraud within the previous 5 years. The second would allow the SEC to seek a civil penalty against those that violate ex-isting Federal court or SEC orders, an approach that would be more efficient, effective, and flexible than the current civil contempt remedy. Both of these changes would substantially improve the ability of the SEC’s enforcement program to ratchet up penalties for re-cidivists. Slightly more than half of all U.S. households are invested in the stock market. They deserve a strong cop on the beat that has the tools it needs to go after fraudsters and pursue the dif-ficult cases arising from our increas-ingly complex financial markets. The Stronger Enforcement of Civil Pen-alties Act will give the SEC more tools to demand meaningful accountability from Wall Street, which in turn will in-crease transparency and confidence in our financial system. I urge our col-leagues to support this important bi-partisan legislation to enhance the SEC’s ability to protect investors and to deter and crack down on fraud. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. H ELLER , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 782. A bill to reauthorize the Na-tional Internet Crimes Against Chil-dren Task Force Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 782 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Providing Resources, Officers, and Technology To Eradicate Cyber Threats to Our Children Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘PROTECT Our Children Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE NATIONAL INTERNET CRIMES AGAINST CHIL-DREN TASK FORCE PROGRAM. 
Title I of the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 17601 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 105(h) (42 U.S.C. 17615(h)), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; and (2) in section 107(a)(10) (42 U.S.C. 17617(a)(10)), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 104—HON-ORING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND LEGACY OF CESAR ESTRADA CHAVEZ Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. U DALL , and Ms. W AR-
REN) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 104 Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez was born on March 31, 1927, near Yuma, Arizona; Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez spent his early years on a family farm; Whereas, at the age of 10, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez joined the thousands of migrant farm workers laboring in fields and vineyards throughout the Southwest after a bank fore-closure resulted in the loss of the family farm; Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez, after at-tending more than 30 elementary and middle schools and achieving an eighth grade edu-cation, left school to work full-time as a farm worker to help support his family; Whereas, at the age of 17, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez entered the United States Navy and served the United States with distinction for 2 years; Whereas, in 1948, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez re- turned from military service to marry Helen Fabela, whom he had met while working in the vineyards of central California; Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez and Helen Fabela had 8 children; Whereas, as early as 1949, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez was committed to organizing farm workers to campaign for safe and fair work-ing conditions, reasonable wages, livable housing, and the outlawing of child labor; Whereas, in 1952, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez joined the Community Service Organization, a prominent Latino civil rights group, and worked with the organization to coordinate voter registration drives and conduct cam-paigns against discrimination in east Los Angeles; Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez served as the national director of the Community Service Organization; Whereas, in 1962, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez left the Community Service Organization to found the National Farm Workers Associa-tion, which eventually became the United Farm Workers of America; Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez was a strong believer in the principles of non-violence practiced by Mahatma Gandhi and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.; Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez effectively used peaceful tactics, including fasting for 25 days in 1968, 25 days in 1972, and 38 days in 1988, to call attention to the terrible working and living conditions of farm workers in the United States; Whereas, under the leadership of Ce ´sar Estrada Cha´vez, the United Farm Workers of America organized thousands of migrant farm workers to fight for fair wages, health care coverage, pension benefits, livable hous-ing, and respect; Whereas, through his commitment to non-violence, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez brought dig-nity and respect to the organized farm work-ers and became an inspiration to and a re-source for individuals engaged in human rights struggles throughout the world; Whereas the influence of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez extends far beyond agriculture and provides inspiration for individuals working to better human rights, empower workers, and advance the American Dream, which in-cludes all inhabitants of the United States; Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez died on April 23, 1993, at the age of 66 in San Luis, Arizona, only miles from his birthplace; Whereas more than 50,000 individuals at-tended the funeral services of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez in Delano, California; Whereas Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez was laid to rest at the headquarters of the United Farm Workers of America, known as ‘‘Nuestra Sen˜ora de La Paz’’, located in the Tehachapi Mountains in Keene, California; Whereas, since the death of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez, schools, parks, streets, libraries, and other public facilities, as well as awards and scholarships, have been named in his honor; Whereas 10 States and dozens of commu-nities across the United States honor the life and legacy of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez each year on March 31; Whereas, during his lifetime, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez was a recipient of the Martin Luther King, Jr. Peace Prize; Whereas, on August 8, 1994, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez was posthumously awarded the Presi-dential Medal of Freedom; Whereas President Barack Obama honored the life of service of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez by proclaiming March 31, 2012, to be ‘‘Ce ´sar Cha´vez Day’’; Whereas, on October 8, 2012, President Barack Obama authorized the Secretary of the Interior to establish a Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez National Monument in Keene, Cali-fornia; and Whereas the United States should continue the efforts of Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez to ensure equality, justice, and dignity for all people of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the accomplishments and ex-ample of a great hero of the United States, Ce´sar Estrada Cha´vez; (2) pledges to promote the legacy of Ce ´sar Estrada Cha´vez; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to commemorate the legacy of Ce ´sar Estrada Cha´vez and to always remember his great rallying cry, ‘‘
≠Sı´, se puede!’’, which is Spanish for ‘‘Yes, we can!’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 105—RECOG-NIZING 2017 AS THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE CREATION OF THE 41ST DIVISION Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 105 Whereas the War Department issued Gen-eral Order No. 95 on July 18, 1917, which for-mally established the 41st Division within the Army; Whereas the 41st Division was organized on September 18, 1917, at Camp Greene in North Carolina; Whereas the 41st Division was originally comprised of National Guard citizen-soldiers from Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming and also had members from Colorado, North Dakota, South Dakota, New Mexico, and the District of Columbia; Whereas, during World War I, the 41st Divi-sion deployed to the Western Front, pro-viding valuable support both as a training and replacement division; Whereas the 41st Division demobilized at Camp Dix in New Jersey on February 22, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR6.016 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2155 March 30, 2017 
1919, following the armistice of November 1918; Whereas the 41st Division was reorganized and Federally recognized on January 3, 1930, with the headquarters of the 41st Division lo-cated at Portland, Oregon; Whereas the 41st Division participated in a set of training exercises in 1937 where Oregon soldiers forded the Nisqually River in west-ern Washington in a daring night crossing; Whereas, after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941, the 41st Division set up defensive positions along the coastline of the United States from the Canadian border to Camp Clatsop in Oregon; Whereas the 41st Division was reorganized as the 41st Infantry Division on February 17, 1942, and, by the following May, was one of the first divisions of the Armed Forces to de-ploy overseas to Australia for jungle and am-phibious warfare training; Whereas the 41st Infantry Division partici-pated in the campaigns in New Guinea and the Philippines, enduring some of the most vicious jungle warfare of any allied force during the war; Whereas the bloodiest engagement of the 41st Infantry Division occurred on the island of Biak against more than 10,000 determined Japanese troops; Whereas members of the 41st Infantry Divi-sion had been known as ‘‘Sunsetters’’ after their unit’s setting sun insignia but earned a second nickname, ‘‘the Jungleers’’, in rec-ognition of their experience and expertise in jungle warfare following the service of the unit in Biak and across the Pacific Theater; Whereas the 41st Division was inactivated on December 31, 1945, on the island of Honshu in Japan; Whereas, in 1968, the Oregonian element of the 41st Infantry Division was reorganized and redesignated as the 41st Infantry Brigade within the Oregon National Guard, transfer-ring the colors and honors of its division predecessor; Whereas elements of the 41st Infantry Bri-gade— (1) deployed to— (A) Saudi Arabia in 1999 as part of Joint Task Force-Southwest Asia; (B) the Sinai Peninsula in 2001 in support of the Multinational Force and Observers and Operation Enduring Freedom; (C) Iraq in 2003 and 2004 in support of Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom; and (D) Afghanistan in 2006 in support of Com-bined Joint Task Force Phoenix; and (2) were activated in 2005 to help provide disaster relief in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita in Louisiana and Texas, respectively; Whereas the 41st Infantry Brigade was re-organized and redesignated as the 41st Infan-try Brigade Combat Team on September 1, 2008; Whereas the entire 41st Infantry Brigade Combat Team deployed to Iraq in 2009, mark-ing the first full deployment for the unit since World War II, to provide base and con-voy security in support of Operation Noble Eagle and Operation Iraqi Freedom; Whereas elements of the 41st Infantry Bri-gade Combat Team deployed to Afghanistan in 2014 in support of Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Freedom’s Sentinel, and the Resolute Support mission led by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; Whereas the citizen-soldiers of the 41st Di-vision, the 41st Infantry Division, and the 41st Infantry Brigade— (1) came from a diverse set of backgrounds; (2) were employed in a wide range of civil-ian professions; (3) brought their civilian experience to bear in fulfilling their military duties; (4) served the United States selflessly; and (5) fought with bravery and honor across many generations; and Whereas the citizen-soldiers of the 41st In-fantry Brigade Combat Team continue to up-hold this tradition, protecting Oregon and serving the United States both at home and abroad through their courage and dedication: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes— (A) 2017 as the 100th anniversary of the for-mation of the 41st Division; and (B) the century of service to the United States by the 41st Division; (2) expresses gratitude to the many Orego-nians and others who served in the 41st Divi-sion, the 41st Infantry Division, the 41st In-fantry Brigade, and the 41st Infantry Brigade Combat Team; (3) honors the memory of the members of the 41st Division, the 41st Infantry Division, the 41st Infantry Brigade, and the 41st Infan-try Brigade Combat Team who have fallen in the line of duty; and (4) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) General Michael E. Stencel, the Adju-tant General of Oregon; and (B) Lieutenant Colonel Eric Riley, com-mander of the 41st Infantry Brigade Combat Team. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 106—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE TO SUPPORT THE TER-RITORIAL INTEGRITY OF GEOR-GIA Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 106 Whereas principle IV of the Helsinki Final Act of 1975 states, ‘‘The participating States will respect the territorial integrity of each of the participating States. Accordingly, they will refrain from any action incon-sistent with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations against the territorial integrity, political independ-ence or the unity of any participating State, and in particular from any such action con-stituting a threat or use of force. . . and par-ticipating States will likewise refrain from making each other’s territory the object of military occupation.’’; Whereas the Charter of the United Nations states, ‘‘All Members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state.’’; Whereas, since 1993, the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia have been re-affirmed by the international community in all United Nations Security Council resolu-tions on Georgia; Whereas the Government of Georgia has pursued a peaceful resolution of the conflict with Russia over Georgia’s territories of Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia; Whereas the recognition by the Govern-ment of the Russian Federation of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia on Au-gust 26, 2008, was in violation of the sov-ereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia and contradicting principles of Helsinki Final Act of 1975, the Charter of the United Nations, and the August 12, 2008, Ceasefire Agreement; Whereas the United States-Georgia Char-ter on Strategic Partnership, signed on Jan-uary 9, 2009, underscores that ‘‘support for each other’s sovereignty, independence, ter-ritorial integrity and inviolability of borders constitutes the foundation of our bilateral relations.’’; Whereas, according to the Government of Georgia’s ‘‘State Strategy on Occupied Ter-ritories’’, the Government of Georgia has committed itself to a policy of peaceful en-gagement, the protection of economic and human rights, freedom of movement, and the preservation of cultural heritage, language, and identity for the people of Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia; Whereas the August 2008 war between the Russian Federation and Georgia resulted in civilian and military casualties, the viola-tion of the sovereignty and territorial integ-rity of Georgia, and large numbers of inter-nally displaced persons; Whereas the annual United Nations Gen-eral Assembly Resolution on the ‘‘Status of Internally Displaced Persons and Refugees from Abkhazia, Georgia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia, Georgia’’ recognizes that the right of return of all internally dis-placed persons and refugees and their de-scendants, regardless of ethnicity, as well as their property rights, remains unfulfilled; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation is building barbed wire fences and installing, so-called ‘‘border signs’’ and other artificial barriers along the occupation line and depriving the people residing within the occupied regions and in the adjacent areas of their fundamental rights and free-doms, including, the freedom of movement, family life, education in their native lan-guage, and other civil and economic rights; Whereas the August 12, 2008, Ceasefire Agreement, agreed to by the Governments of the Russian Federation and Georgia— (1) provides that all troops of the Russian Federation shall be withdrawn to pre-war po-sitions; (2) provides that free access shall be grant-ed to organizations providing humanitarian assistance in regions affected by the violence in August 2008; and (3) launched the Geneva International Dis-cussions between Georgia and the Russian Federation; Whereas, on November 23, 2010, President of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili declared be-fore the European Parliament that ‘‘Georgia will never use force to restore its territorial integrity and sovereignty’’; Whereas, on March 7, 2013, the bipartisan Resolution of the Parliament of Georgia on Basic Directions of Georgia’s Foreign Policy confirmed ‘‘Georgia’s commitment for the non-use of force, pledged by the President of Georgia in his address to the international community from the European Parliament in Strasburg on November 23, 2010’’; Whereas, on June 27, 2014, in the Associa-tion Agreement between Georgia and the Eu-ropean Union, Georgia reaffirmed its com-mitment ‘‘to restore its territorial integrity in pursuit of a peaceful and lasting conflict resolution, of pursuing the full implementa-tion of’’ the August 12, 2008, ceasefire agree-ment; Whereas, despite the unilateral legally binding commitment to the non-use of force pledged by the Government of Georgia, the Government of the Russian Federation still refuses to reciprocate with its own legally binding non-use of force pledge; Whereas the European Union Monitoring Mission (EUMM) is still denied access to the occupied regions of Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia, despite the fact that its mandate covers the whole terri-tory of Georgia within its internationally recognized borders; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation continues to enhance its military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR6.019 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2156 March 30, 2017 
bases illegally stationed in occupied regions of Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia without the consent of the Govern-ment of Georgia or a mandate from the United Nations or other multilateral organi-zations; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation continues the process of aggres-sion carried out against Georgia since the early 1990s and occupation of Georgia’s terri-tories following the August 2008 Russia-Geor-gia War; Whereas the March 5, 2017, closure of two crossing points on the Administrative Boundary Line (ABL) with Abkhazia in the villages of Nabakevi and Otobaia violated fundamental rights to freedom of movement, privacy, and family life, as well as access to education and health care for the local popu-lation, contravening commitments to work towards enhanced security and improved liv-ing conditions for the conflict-affected popu-lation; Whereas President of the Russian Federa-tion Vladimir Putin has ordered his govern-ment to conclude an agreement to effec-tively incorporate the military of Georgia’s South Ossetia region into the Russian armed forces’ command structure, thereby imped-ing the peace process; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation’s policy vis-a`-vis Georgia and the alarming developments in the region illus-trate that the Government of the Russian Federation does not accept the independent choice of sovereign states and strives for the restoration of zones of influence in the re-gion, including through the use of force, oc-cupation, factual annexation, and other ag-gressive acts; and Whereas the United States applied the doc-trine of non-recognition in 1940 to the coun-tries of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, and every Presidential administration of the United States honored this doctrine until independence was restored to those countries in 1991: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the policy, popularly known as the ‘‘Stimson Doctrine’’, of the United States to not recognize territorial changes effected by force, and affirms that this pol-icy should continue to guide the foreign pol-icy of the United States; (2) condemns the military intervention and occupation of Georgia by the Russian Fed-eration and its continuous illegal activities along the occupation line in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia; (3) calls upon the Government of the Rus-sian Federation to withdraw its recognition of Georgia’s territories of Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia as inde-pendent countries, to refrain from acts and policies that undermine the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia, and to take steps to fulfill all the terms and conditions of the August 12, 2008, Ceasefire Agreement between Georgia and the Russian Federa-tion; (4) stresses the necessity of progress on core issues within the Geneva International Discussions, including a legally binding pledge from the Government of the Russian Federation on the non-use of force, the es-tablishment of international security ar-rangements in the occupied regions of Geor-gia, and the safe and dignified return of in-ternally displaced persons and refugees to the places of their origin; (5) urges the United States Government to declare unequivocally that the United States will not under any circumstances recognize the de jure or de facto sovereignty of the Russian Federation over any part of Georgia, its airspace, or its territorial waters, includ-ing Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region/ South Ossetia; (6) urges the President to deepen coopera-tion with the Government of Georgia in all areas of the United States-Georgia Charter on Strategic Partnership, including Geor-gia’s advancement towards Euro-Atlantic in-tegration; (7) urges the President to place emphasis on enhancing Georgia’s security through joint military training and providing self-de-fensive capabilities in order to enhance Georgia’s independent statehood and na-tional sovereignty; and (8) affirms that a free, united, democratic, and sovereign Georgia is in the long-term in-terest of the United States as it promotes peace and stability in the region. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 107—CON-GRATULATING THE RIFLE TEAM OF WEST VIRGINIA UNIVERSITY ON WINNING THE 2017 NATIONAL COLLEGIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIA-TION RIFLE CHAMPIONSHIP Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 107 Whereas, in 2017, the West Virginia Univer-sity Mountaineers rifle team (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Mountaineers’’) com-pleted an undefeated regular season with a record of 12 wins and no losses and won the Great America Rifle Conference champion-ship for the eighth consecutive year; Whereas, on March 11, 2017, the Mountain-eers won the National Collegiate Athletic Association (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) Rifle Championship; Whereas the 2017 NCAA Rifle Champion-ship is the fifth consecutive title for the Mountaineers; Whereas the Mountaineers have now won 19 national championships, securing team NCAA titles in 1983, 1984, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 2009, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017; Whereas the Mountaineers have won more national championships than any other rifle program in the United States; Whereas the Mountaineers shot a cham-pionship-record 4723 aggregate score at the 2017 NCAA Rifle Championship; Whereas freshman Milica Babic won the 2017 NCAA air rifle championship; Whereas freshman Morgan Phillips won the NCAA smallbore title and earned the Top Performer Award of the NCAA Rifle Cham-pionship; Whereas the Mountaineers swept the NCAA individual titles in 2017, the fifth time that shooters from the Mountaineers have swept the individual championships; and Whereas Head Coach Jon Hammond and all members of the Mountaineers, including Jack Anderson, Will Anti, Milica Babic, Noah Barker, Elizabeth Gratz, Jean-Pierre Lucas, Morgan Phillips, and Ginny Thrasher, completed a record performance to claim the 2017 national title: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate congratulates the West Virginia University rifle team on winning the 2017 National Collegiate Ath-letic Association Rifle Championship. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I have 7 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 30, 2017, in the President’s room, S–216 in the Capitol, in order to vote on the nomination of George ‘‘Sonny’’ Perdue, of Georgia, to be Sec-retary of Agriculture. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, March 30, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., in open session to consider the nomination of Honorable Heather A. Wilson to be Secretary of the Air Force. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, March 30, 2017, beginning at 9:30 a.m. in Room 366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building in Washington, DC. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to hold a hearing on Thursday, March 30, 2017, beginning at 2:30 p.m. in Room 366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building in Washington, DC. 
COMMITTEES ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, March 30, 2017 at 10 a.m., to hold a hearing en-titled The Road Ahead: U.S. Interests, Values, and the American People. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet in executive session dur-ing the session of the Senate on Thurs-day, March 30, in between votes in S– 216, to consider the following: Nomina-tion of Alexander Acosta to serve as Secretary of Labor. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Thursday, March 30, 2017 from 10 a.m. for Panel I, and from 2 p.m. for Panel II, in room SD–106 of the Senate Dirksen Office Building to hold open hearings entitled Disinformation: A Primer in Russian Active Measures and Influence Cam-paigns. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Melissa Rubenstein, a fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of this Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30MR6.020 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2157 March 30, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE RIFLE TEAM OF WEST VIRGINIA UNI-VERSITY ON WINNING THE 2017 NATIONAL COLLEGIATE ATH-LETIC ASSOCIATION RIFLE CHAMPIONSHIP Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 107, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 107) congratulating the rifle team of West Virginia University on winning the 2017 National Collegiate Ath-letic Association Rifle Championship. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 107) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m. on Monday, April 3; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2017, AT 3 P.M. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:17 p.m., adjourned until Monday, April 3, 2017, at 3 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30MR6.026 S30MRPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE415 March 30, 2017 
IN HONOR OF THE 2016 NATIONAL DAY OF THE REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rise today in recognition of the 38th anniver-sary of the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA). Signed by President Carter on April 10, 1979, the TRA had strong support from Congress and that support remains strong to this day. One of the most important aspects of our friendship with Taiwan is trade. In 2016, trade between the United States and Taiwan ac-counted for an estimated $86.9 billion. In addi-tion, Taiwan remains our 10th largest trading partner in the world. Because of this important relationship, an updated U.S.-Taiwan bilateral trade agreement would be an asset to our trade balance, our economic strength, and our strategic partnership with our ally Taiwan. We have had a great relationship with Taiwan over the years and it is my hope, and my ex-pectation, that we will build on our partnership to create even more prosperity for America and Taiwan. I will work with both my col-leagues in Congress and the President to move such an agreement to fruition. There has been—and remains—a unique balance for the United States in dealing with Taiwan, the Republic of China, and the Peo-ple’s Republic of China. We value our relation-ship with each as major trading partners and key allies in the war on terrorism and violent religious extremism. When Chinese President Xi visits the United States, our nation will wel-come him and further our friendship, but we will not waiver in our friendship and strategic support of Taiwan. The Taiwan Relations Act is a cornerstone of our foreign relations in Asia and we will continue our long-term strategy of defending our allies, making new allies in the region, and promoting peace and prosperity through trade and defense policies. Mr. Speaker, it’s an honor to recognize the anniversary of the TRA and the entrepre-neurial spirit of the people of Taiwan. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF KATHY REDMAN 
HON. RON DeSANTIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, it is my privi-lege to honor Ms. Kathy Redman’s almost 39 years of distinguished federal service. On April 1, 2017, Ms. Redman will retire as the Southeast Regional Director for U.S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). In her current role, she leads USCIS operations in nine states, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Vir-gin Islands and manages nearly 1,000 em-ployees. From her humble beginnings as an inspec-tor at JFK airport in New York City, Ms. Redman has become a trusted USCIS em-ployee who has served in posts from New Delhi to Detroit. Over the course of her career, she has naturalized more than 40,000 new Americans. Ms. Redman’s expertise and knowledge of our nation’s immigration laws have been an in-valuable resource to my office. Ms. Redman and her staff have assisted countless constitu-ents by expediting appointments in time of cri-sis and resolving complicated applications. On one memorable occasion, Ms. Redman helped our office expedite a Naturalization ceremony for the spouse of a deploying Air Force officer. It is always a treasured moment when a new American takes the oath of alle-giance to support and defend our Constitution. I wish Ms. Redman all the best as she be-gins her retirement in our beautiful state of Florida. f 
CONGRATULATING LETTERKENNY ARMY DEPOT ON ITS 10TH SHINGO MEDALLION AND ITS COMMITMENT TO OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Letterkenny Army Depot in my district on receiving its 10th Shingo Medallion for Operational Excellence. Shingo Prizes are awarded to organizations that not only provide great results, but also go above and beyond to cultivate a culture of enablers and streamliners in the workplace. The high bar set to achieve the award led Businessweek to dub Shingo Awards the ‘‘Nobel Prize of Manufacturing.’’ Letterkenny made history in 2005 when it became the first Army Depot to win a Shingo Institute prize, when the depot was awarded the Silver Me-dallion. Eleven years later, Letterkenny Army Depot was just awarded this year’s Bronze Medallion for its Patriot launcher new-build program—its 10th medallion in 13 years. This is the first time an Army depot built a new Patriot air and missile defense system major end item, and to have it result in a Shingo Medallion exempli-fies Letterkenny Army Depot’s deep commit-ment to manufacturing excellence. With more than 20 years of experience in working with the Patriot missile system, and now 10 Shingo Medallions in the last 13 years, it is clear that Letterkenny is delivering outstanding results and support to our national defense. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to congratulate Letterkenny Army Depot on its 10th Shingo Medallion. This is an outstanding achieve-ment, and I encourage all of my colleagues to celebrate Letterkenny’s success as a crucial installation to central Pennsylvania and to the security of our nation. GUN VIOLENCE RESEARCH LEGISLATION HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to reintroduce legislation to authorize the use of federal funds for long overdue research on firearm safety and gun violence. For too long, Congress has failed to ad-dress the public health crisis caused by gun violence. On average, there are 32,000 deaths and 76,000 injuries from gun violence each year in the United States. Gun deaths now outpace traffic fatalities in our country. It is time to address the epidemic of gun violence and prevent future incidents. Public health re-search will help identify effective solutions we can implement in order to save lives. The bill I introduce today, with companion legislation introduced by Sen. E
DMARKEY , would authorize $10 million in annual funding for the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention (CDC) through Fiscal Year 2023. This funding will allow the CDC to implement the research agenda outlined in a 2013 report issued by the Institutes of Medicine that identi-fied areas in need of study to better under-stand the underlying causes of gun violence and develop strategies for prevention. We have more gun-related deaths than any other developed country, yet we have put pro-hibitions in place that prevent us from obtain-ing comprehensive, scientific information about the causes and characteristics of gun vio-lence. This public health crisis cannot be ig-nored any longer. This legislation addresses the epidemic of gun violence and identifies the best strategies to prevent future incidents. I’m proud this bill has gained the support of leading groups on gun violence prevention, like Everytown for Gun Safety, and the public health community—including the American Medical Association (AMA). The AMA said ‘‘gun violence in the United States is a public health crisis requiring a comprehensive public health response and solution.’’ I could not agree more. I hope my colleagues will join me in sup-porting this important legislation that can save lives. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS MINNETONKA BOYS ALPINE TEAM 
HON. ERIK PAULSEN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise before you today to congratulate the Minnetonka High School Boys Alpine Skiing Team on recently winning the Minnesota High School State Championship. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30MR8.001 E30MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE416 March 30, 2017 
Led by seniors Sergi Piguillem and Marshall Quist, who finished with combined times of 1:17:98 and 1:21:39, respectively, the Skip-pers were able to defeat rival Edina 166–151. This is Minnetonka High School’s fifth alpine skiing title in their program’s history, which il-lustrates these athletes’ dedication to the pur-suit of excellence on the slopes and in the classroom. Their state championship title is a testament to their passion and love for the sport, and commitment in putting their best ef-fort forward in all that they do. Congratulations to head coach Dave Gartner, the parents, and every member of the Minnetonka Alpine Skiing Team on your im-pressive victory. Our community is proud of you for being tremendous student athletes. Go Skippers. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF GOLDEN APPLE AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank our outstanding teachers of Collier County, Florida, and to rec-ognize their hard work and dedication to our community. Teaching may be the most challenging, yet most important, profession in our country. Teachers inspire, mentor, and motivate our children to succeed. Every one of us undoubt-edly has had a teacher in our life that shaped us into who we are today. We are deeply thankful for our dedicated teachers who so greatly impact our young people and the fu-ture of our communities. I want to congratulate the following teachers who have gone above and beyond the call of duty, and who will be recognized at the annual Golden Apple Celebration of Teachers Dinner tomorrow night. Myra Janco Daniels will be awarded the Heart of the Apple for her devo-tion to education. Joanna Campanile, Anne Fredette, Ashley Lynn Heirls, Maria LaRocco, Janell Matos, Amanda McCoy and Stacy Smith are recipients of the Golden Apple. Tara Barr, Staci Haralson Barretta, Steven Becker, Brandon Carter, Kristin Downs, Susan Ellard, Staci Fisher, Sabrina Kovacs, John Krupp, Veronica Mamone, Kyle Manders, Kristin Mer-rill, Joseph Merrill, Dawn Peck, Lindsey Sebela, Christina Svec, Aaron Thayer, Marisa Vessella and Amity Wyss were named Teach-ers of Distinction. These teachers truly make a difference in their students’ lives and I am thankful for the positive impact they have on our community. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BELOVED SHELBY ANN CARTER 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mr. L
AHOOD Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Shelby Ann Carter, a loving mother, daughter, fiance´e, and friend. In Wyoming, Illinois, our community sadly experienced a tragic loss of a young woman’s life on January 30, 2017. Shelby Ann Carter passed away from smoke inhalation during a fire which consumed her home. Shelby’s final moments were spent in a successful effort to save the life of her baby girl. In the midst of the fire, Shelby had the strength to save the life of her newly born daughter, Keana. Shelby acted heroically by strapping Keana into a car seat and dropping her out of the second story window, an act which ultimately saved her child’s life. Strapped in the car seat, Keana safely landed in a pile of debris, where the emergency re-sponse teams found her. Keana was then rushed to the hospital and released with only a small burn, but otherwise unharmed. Shelby graduated from Stark County High School in 2014. She was a bright student, who spent her time after school playing basketball. Shelby’s classmates characterized her as a smart and friendly young woman who loved spending time with children. Her proudest mo-ment was when she became a mother to Keana. Shelby will always be in the hearts and minds of her community and friends through-out Central Illinois. I would like to commend her courageous actions and send my condo-lences to her friends and family. May God bless her in heaven. f 
RECOGNITION OF GRANDVIEW HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS BASKETBALL 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Grandview High School Girls- Basketball team, from Grandview High School in Aurora, Colorado. The Wolves triumphed in their 61–32 victory over Lakewood High School in the Colorado 5A state championship game. Grandview finished the season with an im-pressive 27–1 record, and celebrated the cul-mination of their season with the first girls-bas-ketball state championship win for their school. Senior Michaela Onyenwere walked off the court with the game-high 25 points and eight rebounds. During their performances in the state championship game, the Grandview Wolves proved that with hard work, dedication, and perseverance anything is possible. The team was led to the championship title through the committed leadership of their coach, Josh Ulitzky, and his commendable staff. Again, congratulations to the Grandview High School Girls-Basketball Team on their continued success, and for their victory in the Colorado’s 5A State Championship. 
f 
OKAWVILLE HIGH SCHOOL 2016–17 BOYS’ BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge the Okawville High School boys’ basketball team upon finishing second in the 2016–2017 Illinois State Class 1A Basketball Tournament. This is a remarkable achieve-ment for the Okawville coaches, teammates, and community as a whole. The Okawville Rockets had an impressive year and an exciting tournament performance. The Rockets finished the regular season with a win-loss record of 32–4. By the end of the year, senior Noah Frederking led Okawville with the most rebounds in school history. Mr. Frederking also scored over 2800 points over the course of his high school career, making him the leading all-time scorer for Okawville and the entire Metro East area. The Rockets went on to win their regional games against Lebanon High School and Marissa High School. The Rockets followed that win by hosting two victories over New Berlin ’High School and Carrollton High School in their sectional games. In their state super-sectional game, the Rockets faced off against Menden Unity High School. After falling behind by 8 points before halftime, the Rockets looked to their defense to carry their comeback. The Rockets did not allow Menden Unity to score a single basket from the floor throughout the entire second half of the game, and rallied for an incredible win to take them to the championship game. Led by Head Coach Jon Kraus and Assist-ant Coaches Ryan Heck, Mike Frederking, and Jackie Smith, team members were Payten Harre, Josh Madrid, Caleb Frederking, Will Aubel, Logan Riechmann, Wyatt Krohne, Luke Hensler, Shane Ganz, Drew Frederking, Noah Frederking, Tyler Roesener, Payton Riechmann, Lane Schilling, and Kirklen Meier. Managers Max Aubel and Jarad Barnes also assisted the team throughout its season and playoff run. I look forward to watching their future suc-cesses in both their academic and athletic pur-suits and wish them all the best in these en-deavors. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the Okawville Rockets on an impressive season, and I com-mend them for making the 15th district of Illi-nois proud. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE DOWNRIVER COMMUNITY CON-FERENCE ON THE DATE OF ITS 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Downriver Community Con-ference on the date of its 40th Anniversary. The DCC has provided workforce training and job resources to Downriver for decades and has been instrumental in improving the quality of life for the area’s residents. Founded in 1977, the Downriver Community Conference is an organization dedicated to promoting enhanced economic growth and well-being through its workforce training, eco-nomic development and additional community services available to southern Wayne County and its residents. The DCC has been key to helping increase the quality of life while work-ing to preserve jobs and attract a skilled work-force through its efforts. In 2003, the DCC successfully supported a proposed takeover of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30MR8.002 E30MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE417 March 30, 2017 
Great Lakes Steel operations in Ecorse and River Rouge, a move that saved hundreds of jobs in the community. The DCC also coordi-nates emergency services across member communities, and has supported cleanup ef-forts at the Detroit International Wildlife Ref-uge. These multifaceted operations under-taken by the DCC have been critical to attract-ing a talented workforce to the area while making southern Wayne County a desirable place to live. The DCC has proven to be an effective ad-vocate on behalf of Downriver, and its work has produced tangible results that make a real difference in the lives of individuals in partici-pating communities. Through its affiliation with Michigan Works!, the organization has been critical to helping provide individuals with the skills they need to succeed in trades and other in-demand fields. Additionally, the organiza-tion’s coordinated approach makes it eligible for federal and state grants that would nor-mally be unavailable to individual commu-nities. The DCC’s ability to leverage the unique strengths of the Downriver community has made it a model in effective and sustain-able workforce and community development efforts. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Downriver Community Con-ference and date of its 40th Anniversary Din-ner. The organization has played an integral role in the growth and development of south-ern Wayne County and the surrounding areas. 
f 
FIRST RESPONDER APPRECIATION DAY 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the inaugural First Responder Ap-preciation Day on April 1, 2017, in Ripon, Cali-fornia. Policemen, firefighters, and emergency medical servicemen play a crucial role in our local communities. In Ripon, they work dili-gently to serve the city and surrounding areas, improving the lives of those they have vowed to protect. Their job is not always easy and often not safe, but it is one they selflessly per-form nonetheless. For this reason, First Re-sponders deserve our unwavering recognition. The Ripon City Council acknowledged this on November 8, 2016, when they passed a resolution to establish the first Saturday in April of each year as First Responders Appre-ciation Day. Dedicated to honoring all First Responders, past and present, this annual celebration serves as a reminder that we must not forget those who keep us safe. I applaud the City of Ripon for honoring our local heroes and their incredible service. This Saturday is the first of many celebrations that will focus on the daily sacrifices performed by these brave men and women. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring all First Responders and commending the city of Ripon for implementing First Responders Ap-preciation Day. SMITHSONIAN WOMEN’S HISTORY MUSEUM ACT HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, as we conclude Women’s His-tory Month, I am pleased to introduce the Smithsonian Women’s History Museum Act along with Rep. E
DROYCE and 128 bipartisan cosponsors. In November 2016, a bipartisan commission that was created through a bill I authored sub-mitted its recommendations to Congress about establishing a women’s history museum in our nation’s capital. The Commission unanimously said in its report that the U.S. needs and de-serves such a museum to properly tell our whole history. In fact, in the entire country, there is no comprehensive museum solely de-voted to women’s history. Women make up half the population, but are only depicted in about 10 percent of history book material, about 5 percent of national monuments and a fraction of the hundreds of statues on Capitol grounds. By not telling or preserving the sto-ries of women who shaped our country, we are in danger of losing them completely. And that would be a great loss to us all. This bill has been decades in the making and it is based on the excellent American Mu-seum of Women’s History Congressional Commission final report, which was the result of 18 months of thorough study. The bill would establish a Smithsonian museum dedicated to women’s history prominently located on the National Mall. It calls for the Smithsonian Board of Regents to designate a site for the museum within six months of enactment, and the cost of construction would be raised pri-vately. The museum will be governed by a 25- member Advisory Council appointed by the Board of Regents. I am honored that so many of my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle have joined me in this historic effort because honoring women’s history should not be a partisan issue. All Americans—men and women of all ages—deserve to learn and be inspired by the stories of the women who contributed to our country’s history. I am always struck by the story of Sybil Ludington. Everyone has heard of Paul Re-vere’s ride, but few know that Ludington, the daughter of a colonel in the Continental Army, was just a 16 year old girl when she rode through the night an even greater distance than Revere to warn her father’s troops about the approaching British forces. I have worked on this issue for many years and believe that establishing a women’s his-tory museum on the National Mall is long overdue. I hope that all of my colleagues will join me in this important effort to create an en-during tribute to women’s history for genera-tions to come. 
f 
HONORING FRANK BARBARO 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker. I’d like to take a few moments today to honor one my con-stituents, Mr. Frank Barbaro, for his decades of incredible service to Orange County. Mr. Barbaro was born in Detroit, Michigan and arrived in California in 1954. From a young age, it was clear that Mr. Barbaro was bound to be successful. By the time he was a teenager, Frank hosted his own radio show which aimed to find employment opportunities for young people. After graduating from Garden Grove High School, Mr. Barbaro went on to graduate magna cum laude from the University of Southern California and then earn his law de-gree, also from USC. As a lawyer, Mr. Barbaro distinguished him-self among his peers in several noteworthy cases. Mr. Barbaro won 11 multimillion dollar verdicts for his clients. Mr. Barbaro began his career in politics in 1977 as Chair of the Democratic Party of Cali-fornia. In 2001, Mr. Barbaro was asked by his colleagues to serve as chair once again which he did until his resignation in 2013. Mr. Barbaro also served as the chair for the Or-ange County campaigns of President Carter and President Obama. During his time as party chair and success-ful attorney, Frank’s colleagues praised his ability to inspire and work with others. Above all, Mr. Barbaro sought to be inclusive and bring people together despite their differences. Mr. Barbaro also made helping others a per-sonal goal, such as when he organized the ‘‘Front Line Defense Fund’’ which delivered food to the United Food and Commercial workers during their strike. Mr. Speaker, Frank Barbaro is an example to all of us of the tremendous importance of hard work and dedication in service to others. I am honored to recognize the accomplish-ments of Mr. Barbaro and the positive impact he has made on Orange County. f 
CONGRATULATING ANDERS BJORK ON BEING NAMED A FINALIST FOR THE HOCKEY HUMANI-TARIAN AWARD 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Anders Bjork, a junior at the University of Notre Dame, on being named one of five finalists for the 2017 Hockey Hu-manitarian Award. Each year, the Hockey Humanitarian Award recognizes college hockey’s ‘‘finest citizen.’’ Recipients of this award are individuals who have made significant, long-lasting contribu-tions to their communities in a true, humani-tarian spirit. Anders has been a member of the Fighting Irish Men’s Hockey team since his freshman year at Notre Dame. But for Anders, his life here in South Bend is about more than being a student athlete. He is part of this community and plays an integral role in making it better. His dedication is especially clear in his experi-ence working with children in need at a local elementary school. Shortly before last season started, Anders began volunteering in a third grade class at Perley Fine Arts Academy after his coach en-couraged the team to meet new community 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30MR8.007 E30MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE418 March 30, 2017 
service goals. Anders’ weekly trips to the ele-mentary school quickly became much more than a way to fulfill a coach’s request. He built deep relationships with the students and be-came a regular fixture in the classroom. He even has his own desk. The bond forged between the young kids and Anders was not hard to see. Anders found a way to fit in not only with the class-room dynamic but also with the individual stu-dents. For the Perley students Anders is a mentor, a role model, and a friend. Through Anders’ uplifting spirit and kind heart, these third graders are able to open up to and really learn from him. His incredible commitment of time and talent and his positive impact on these kids is an in-spiration to us all. I am so proud of Anders for this much deserved recognition as a finalist for the Hockey Humanitarian Award. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Indiana’s 2nd Dis-trict, I want to thank Anders Bjork for providing the wonderful support and encouragement I’m sure will stay with these children for years to come. He has truly left a mark on the South Bend community, and I look forward to the great things that lie ahead in his future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAT HENSLEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Pat Hensley of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on his retire-ment from Hy-Vee food store after 38 dedi-cated years of service. Pat has worked for Hy-Vee since 1979, when he began a part-time job at a local store. Early on, Hy-Vee recognized his leader-ship skills, and over the years trusted him in a number of positions, from managing stores, overseeing the company’s western district, helping to lead the government relations de-partment, and finishing his career serving as senior vice president, non-foods. Over his 38– year career Pat’s goal was to ensure, as the commercials said, that there was a helpful smile in every aisle, and that Hy-Vee was an enjoyable environment for customers and em-ployees alike. Pat is leaving behind a legacy of dedication and hard work after decades of service to one of Iowa’s premier companies. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Pat today for his outstanding career at Hy-Vee. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Pat on this momentous occasion and in wishing him and his family nothing but the best in his retirement. f 
CONGRATS MINNETONKA BOYS SWIMMING TEAM 
HON. ERIK PAULSEN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Minnetonka Boys High School Swimming Team on winning the Min-nesota Swim and Dive High School State Championship. After finishing second in the state the past two years, the Skippers were determined to claim the top spot this year. Led by senior Sam Schilling, Minnetonka dominated the competition by winning many of the events and breaking multiple state records along the way too. They even set the National Public High School 200–yard medley relay record, coming in at 1:29:20, a few tenths faster than the previous record set in Indiana earlier this season. The championship victory earned by the boys on the Minnetonka High School swim team is a testament to their unwavering com-mitment to hard work and excellence. Mr. Speaker, Your families, friends, and our entire community are very proud of each and every one of these outstanding student ath-letes. Congratulations. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE ‘‘INVEST-ING IN AMERICA’S SMALL BUSI-NESSES ACT OF 2017’’ 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, March 30, 2017 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, this week is National Small Busi-ness Week, a time each year for our nation to recognize and celebrate the critical contribu-tions of America’s entrepreneurs and small business owners. I am pleased to support our nation’s small businesses by introducing the Investing in America’s Small Businesses Act of 2017. This important legislation allows Community Devel-opment Financial Institutions, known as CDFIs, to extend affordable credit to more small businesses in underserved communities through microloans. These small loans, under $50,000, give businesses working capital, help them invest in new equipment or supplies, and have no pre-payment penalties. I’m proud that the Investing in America’s Small Businesses Act has gained the endorse-ments of the CDFI Coalition, the Opportunity Finance Network and the National Federation of Community Development Credit Unions, the national voices for these community-based in-stitutions. The bill provides grants for CDFIs to estab-lish loan-loss reserve funds for microloans, which will help CDFIs leverage private invest-ment to expand small business lending in un-derserved communities. Small businesses are critical engines of economic development and job creation. In underserved communities, however, small businesses with low-income and minority own-ers often have limited access to affordable credit they need to meet everyday demands or expand their operations. According to a study commissioned by the U.S. Small Business Ad-ministration in 2013, ‘‘the major constraint lim-iting the growth, expansion, and wealth cre-ation of small firms—especially women- and minority-owned businesses—is inadequate capital.’’ Community Development Financial Institu-tions serve exactly these communities—with great success and economic benefit. In fact, a 2014 report by the Darden School of Business at the University of Virginia found that despite serving predominately low-income markets, CDFI banks and credit unions had virtually the same level of performance as mainstream fi-nancial institutions. Despite this demonstrated success, CDFIs often lack the capital to meet the needs of many promising small busi-nesses. In FY 2016 the total funding from applica-tions to the CDFI Fund was four times greater than the resources available. Private sector in-vestments are not enough to address the sig-nificant need for small business credit in un-derserved communities. CDFIs need access to capital now more than ever. Research shows that minority and low income-owned busi-nesses typically encounter higher borrowing costs, receive smaller loans and see their loan applications rejected more often. The CDFI Fund is well-placed to provide struggling small businesses and entrepreneurs in underserved communities access to affordable credit through microloans. Let’s give small businesses in underserved areas the tools they need to create jobs and develop their communities. I am pleased to in-troduce this bill, and urge my colleagues to join in support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30MR8.011 E30MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D370 Thursday, March 30, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2119–S2157 Measures Introduced: Twenty-six bills and five res-olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 775–800, S.J. Res. 39, and S. Res. 104–107.
                  Page S2152 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Legislative and Oversight Activities During the 114th Congress by the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–17) Special Report entitled ‘‘Report on the Legislative Activities of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation During the 114th Con-gress’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–18) Special Report entitled ‘‘Report on the Activities of the Senate Committee on the Judiciary During the 114th Congress’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–19) Special Report entitled ‘‘Review of Legislative Ac-tivity During the 114th Congress’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–20) Special Report entitled ‘‘Legislative Activities Re-port of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundred Fourteenth Congress’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–22) S. 110, to require the Secretary of Commerce, act-ing through the Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, to establish a constituent-driven program to provide a digital in-formation platform capable of efficiently integrating coastal data with decision-support tools, training, and best practices and to support collection of pri-ority coastal geospatial data to inform and improve local, State, regional, and Federal capacities to man-age the coastal region. (S. Rept. No. 115–14) S. 129, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act. (S. Rept. No. 115–15) S. 168, to amend and enhance certain maritime programs of the Department of Transportation. (S. Rept. No. 115–16) S. 141, to improve understanding and forecasting of space weather events, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–21) 
                                                                                            Page S2151 Measures Passed: Savings Arrangements Established by Qualified State Political Subdivisions for Non-Governmental Employees Rule: By 50 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 99), Senate passed H.J. Res. 67, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by qualified State political subdivisions for non-governmental employees.
                                                             Pages S2121–22 
Health and Human Services Relating to Com-pliance with Title X Requirements Rule: By 51 yeas to 50 nays, Vice President voting yea (Vote No. 101), Senate passed H.J. Res. 43, providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by Secretary of Health and Human Services relating to compliance with title X requirements by project re-cipients in selecting subrecipients.
           Pages S2122–38 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 51 yeas to 50 nays, Vice President voting yea (Vote No. 100), Senate agreed to the motion to pro-ceed to consideration of the joint resolution. 
                                                                                            Page S2122 
National Collegiate Athletic Association Rifle Championship: Senate agreed to S. Res. 107, con-gratulating the rifle team of West Virginia Univer-sity on winning the 2017 National Collegiate Ath-letic Association Rifle Championship.
            Page S2157 
Delta Queen—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that following Leader remarks on Monday, April 3, 2017, Senate begin consideration of S. 89, to amend title 46, United States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within inland waterways from the fire-retard-ant materials requirement if the owners of such ves-sels make annual structural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessels that are not con-structed of fire-retardant materials, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on passage, with no intervening action or debate.
                                                                       Page S2138 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30MR7.REC D30MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D371 March 30, 2017 
Duke Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that fol-lowing the vote on passage of S. 89, to amend title 46, United States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within inland waterways from the fire- retardant materials requirement if the owners of such vessels make annual structural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessels that are not constructed of fire-retardant materials, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Elaine C. Duke, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Homeland Se-curity; and that at a time to be determined by the Majority Leader, with concurrence of the Democratic Leader, on Tuesday, April 4, 2017, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination.
                        Page S2138 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2151 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2151 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S2151 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S2151–52 
Additional Cosponsors:                                        Page S2153 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2153–56 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2149–51 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2156 
Privileges of the Floor:                                Pages S2156–57 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—101)
                                                 Pages S2122, S2138 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:17 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, April 3, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2157.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Sonny Perdue, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Agri-culture. NOMINATION Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Heather Wil-son, of South Dakota, to be Secretary of the Air Force, Department of Defense, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senators Thune and Rounds, testified and answered questions in her own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 35, to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 55/H.R. 46, bills to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 97, to enable civilian research and development of advanced nuclear energy technologies by private and public institutions, to expand theoretical and practical knowledge of nuclear physics, chemistry, and materials science; S. 99, to require the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of designating the President James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System; S. 117, to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’, with an amendment; S. 131, to provide for the exchange of certain Na-tional Forest System land and non-Federal land in the State of Alaska, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute; S. 167, to designate a National Memorial to Fall-en Educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas, with an amendment; S. 189, to modify the boundary of the Fort Scott National Historic Site in the State of Kansas, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 190, to provide for consideration of the exten-sion under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of nonapplication of No-Load Mode energy efficiency standards to certain security or life safety alarms or surveillance systems; S. 199, to authorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir; S. 213, to designate the wilderness within the Lake Clark National Park and Preserve in the State of Alaska as the Jay S. Hammond Wilderness Area; S. 214, to authorize the expansion of an existing hydroelectric project; S. 215, to authorize the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric license for the Mahoney Lake hydroelectric project in the State of Alaska; S. 216, to require the Secretary of the Interior to submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bu-reau of Reclamation to manage its infrastructure as-sets; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30MR7.REC D30MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD372 March 30, 2017 
S. 217, to amend the Denali National Park Im-provement Act to clarify certain provisions relating to the natural gas pipeline authorized in the Denali National Park and Preserve; S. 225/H.R. 699, bills to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Oregon; S. 226, to exclude power supply circuits, drivers, and devices to be connected to, and power, light- emitting diodes or organic light-emitting diodes providing illumination or ceiling fans using direct current motors from energy conservation standards for external power supplies; S. 239, to amend the National Energy Conserva-tion Policy Act to encourage the increased use of performance contracting in Federal facilities; S. 267, to provide for the correction of a survey of certain land in the State of Alaska; S. 280/H.R. 618, bills to authorize, direct, expe-dite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado; S. 285/H.R. 689, bills to ensure adequate use and access to the existing Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch segment within the Holy Cross Wilderness in Eagle County, Colorado; S. 286/H.R. 698, bills to require a land convey-ance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado; S. 287, to update the map of, and modify the maximum acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument; S. 289/H.R. 688, bills to adjust the boundary of the Arapaho National Forest, Colorado; S. 331, to remove the use restrictions on certain land transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia; S. 346, to provide for the establishment of the National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring System, with an amendment; S. 363, to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Min-nesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to con-nect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail; S. 385, to promote energy savings in residential buildings and industry; S. 392, to establish the 400 years of African- American History Commission; S. 432, to designate the Cerro del Yuta and Rio San Antonio Wilderness Areas in the State of New Mexico; S. 466, to clarify the description of certain Federal land under the Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to in-clude additional land in the Kaibab National Forest; S. 490, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gibson Dam, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; S. 491, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 501, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System; S. 502, to modify the boundary of Voyageurs Na-tional Park in the State of Minnesota; S. 508, to provide for the conveyance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon; S. 513, to designate the Frank and Jeanne Moore Wild Steelhead Special Management Area in the State of Oregon; S. 566, to withdraw certain land in Okanogan County, Washington, to protect the land; S. 590, to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to maintain or replace certain facilities and structures for commercial recreation services at Smith Gulch in Idaho; S. 617, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Connecticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Riv-ers System; S. 644, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 703, to extend the authority of the Secretary of the Interior to carry out the Equus Beds Division of the Wichita Project; S. 710, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Jennings Randolph Dam, with an amendment; S. 713, to establish the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 714, to amend Public Law 103–434 to author-ize Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water Basin Water Enhancement Project for the purposes of im-proving water management in the Yakima River basin; S. 723, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project, with an amendment; S. 724, to amend the Federal Power Act to mod-ernize authorizations for necessary hydropower ap-provals; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30MR7.REC D30MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D373 March 30, 2017 
S. 729, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Mar-tinez, California, for inclusion in the John Muir Na-tional Historic Site; S. 730, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of certain hydroelectric projects; S. 733, to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting; S. 734, to extend a project of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission involving the Cannonsville Dam, with an amendment; H.R. 88, to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battle-field as an affiliated area of the National Park Sys-tem, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; H.R. 267, to redesignate the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Geor-gia; H.R. 381, to designate a mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’; H.R. 494, to expand the boundary of Fort Fred-erica National Monument in the State of Georgia, with an amendment; H.R. 538, to redesignate Ocmulgee National Monument in the State of Georgia and revise its boundary, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; H.R. 558, to adjust the boundary of the Ken-nesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; H.R. 560, to amend the Delaware Water Gap Na-tional Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving residents of munici-palities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap Na-tional Recreation Area; and H.R. 863, to facilitate the addition of park ad-ministration at the Coltsville National Historical Park. Also, committee announced the following sub-committee assignments: Subcommittee on Energy: Senators Gardner (Chair), Risch, Flake, Daines, Alexander, Hoeven, Cassidy, Portman, Strange, Manchin, Wyden, Sanders, Franken, Heinrich, King, Duckworth, and Cortez Masto. Subcommittee on National Parks: Senators Daines (Chair), Barrasso, Lee, Gardner, Alexander, Hoeven, Portman, Hirono, Sanders, Stabenow, Heinrich, King, and Duckworth. Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining: Sen-ators Lee (Chair), Barrasso, Risch, Flake, Daines, Gardner, Alexander, Hoeven, Cassidy, Strange, Wyden, Stabenow, Franken, Manchin, Heinrich, Hirono, and Cortez Masto. Subcommittee on Water and Power: Senators Flake (Chair), Barrasso, Risch, Lee, Cassidy, Portman, Strange, King, Wyden, Sanders, Franken, Manchin, and Duckworth. Senators Murkowski and Cantwell are ex officio members of each subcommittee. ALASKAN INFRASTRUCTURE IMPROVEMENTS AND JOB CREATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the potential for in-frastructure improvements to create jobs and reduce the cost of living through all-of-the-above energy and mineral production in Alaska, after receiving testimony from Steven Masterman, Alaska Depart-ment of Natural Resources Division of Geological and Geophysical Surveys State Geologist and Direc-tor, Fairbanks; Deputy Mayor Robert Potrzuski, Sitka, Alaska; Joy Baker, Port of Nome, Nome, Alaska; Kara Moriarty, Alaska Oil and Gas Associa-tion, and Chris Rose, Renewable Energy Alaska Project, both of Anchorage; and Della Trumble, King Cove Village Corporation, King Cove, Alaska. U.S. INTERESTS, VALUES, AND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States interests, values, and the American people, after receiving testimony from Madeleine K. Albright, former Secretary of State, and Stephen J. Hadley, former U.S. National Security Advisor, both of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomina-tion of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Sec-retary of Labor. RUSSIAN ACTIVE MEASURES AND INFLUENCE CAMPAIGNS Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee con-cluded a hearing to examine disinformation, focusing on a primer in Russian active measures and influence campaigns, after receiving testimony from Roy God-son, Georgetown University; Eugene Rumer, Car-negie Endowment for International Peace Russia and Eurasia Program; Clint Watts, Foreign Policy Re-search Institute Program on National Security; Kevin Mandia, FireEye, Inc.; General Keith Alexander (Ret.), former Director, National Security Agency, and Chief, Central Security Service, IronNet Cyberse-curity; and Thomas Rid, King’s College London De-partment of War Studies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30MR7.REC D30MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD374 March 30, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 49 pub-lic bills, H.R. 19, 1800–1847; and 5 resolutions, H. Res. 234–238, were introduced.
                Pages H2596–99 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H2601 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 732, to limit donations made pursuant to settlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–72); and H. Res. 186, resolution of inquiry directing the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to the House of Representatives the tax returns and other specified financial information of President Donald J. Trump; adversely (H. Rept. 115–73).
                              Page H2596 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Foxx to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H2563 
EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017: The House passed H.R. 1431, to amend the Environmental Research, Development, and Dem-onstration Authorization Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications and public participation, by a recorded vote of 229 ayes to 193 noes, Roll No. 208.
                          Pages H2564–76 
Rejected the Foster motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with amendments, by a yea-and-nay vote of 189 yeas to 233 nays, Roll No. 207. 
                                                                                    Pages H2573–75 
H. Res. 233, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1431) was agreed to yesterday, March 29th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, April 3rd for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                             Page H2577 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H2585. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2574–75, H2575–76. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:30 p.m. Committee Meetings 
THE CURRENT STATE OF U.S. TRANSPORTATION COMMAND Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness; and Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Current State of U.S. Transportation Command’’. Testimony was heard from General Darren W. McDew, Com-mander, Transportation Command, U.S. Air Force. CONSEQUENCES AND CONTEXT FOR RUSSIA’S VIOLATIONS OF THE INF TREATY Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces; and Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non-proliferation, and Trade of the Committee on For-eign Affairs held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Con-sequences and Context for Russia’s Violations of the INF Treaty’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing on H.R. 1689, the ‘‘Private Property Rights Protection Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. SBA’S ENTREPRENEURIAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS: RESOURCES TO ASSIST SMALL BUSINESSES Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Con-tracting and Workforce held a hearing entitled ‘‘SBA’s Entrepreneurial Development Programs: Re-sources to Assist Small Businesses’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D355) 
S. 305, to amend title 4, United States Code, to encourage the display of the flag of the United States on National Vietnam War Veterans Day. Signed on March 28, 2017. (Public Law 115–15) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30MR7.REC D30MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D375 March 30, 2017 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider the nominations of Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colorado, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, and Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General, and Rachel L. Brand, of Iowa, to be Associate Attorney General, both of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SH–216. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30MR7.REC D30MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD376 March 30, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, April 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will begin consideration of S. 89, Delta Queen, and vote on passage of the bill at approximately 5:30 p.m. Following disposition of S. 89, Senate will begin con-sideration of the nomination of Elaine C. Duke, of Vir-ginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Monday, April 3 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Coffman, Mike, Colo., E416 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E417 DeSantis, Ron, Fla., E415 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E417 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E416 Gosar, Paul, Ariz., E415 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E416 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E415, E417, E418 Paulsen, Erik, Minn., E415, E418 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E416 Shimkus, John, Ill., E416 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E415 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E417 Young, David, Iowa, E418 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Mar 31, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D30MR7.REC D30MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST