Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H8045 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 2017 No. 170 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, October 23, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
AVID K
USTOFF to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
SEXUAL ASSAULT VICTIMS IN UNIVERSITIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Angie described Amherst College as her dream school. A vibrant American teenager, she couldn’t wait to start her new life at the perfect college. Like all universities, Amherst paint-ed itself in a positive light. It had a good reputation. But Angie had no way of knowing the dark reality hiding be-hind that facade. Her initial memories of her freshman year play along a familiar and happy college narrative. Her life was full of new friends, new experiences, and new challenges. But on May 25, everything changed. That happy narrative came to a screeching halt. An acquaintance of hers invited her over to watch a movie in his campus dorm room. Tired from a long day of classes, Angie finally drifted off to sleep. The next thing she knew, she woke up to find this individual on top of her sexually assaulting her. The morning after the attack, Angie felt that she was in a daze, and she acted like she was in a daze. The illu-sion of college life filled with smiling faces and good times had been shat-tered. Mr. Speaker, according to the De-partment of Justice, one in five women are sexually assaulted during college in the United States—one in five. Of those, less than 25 percent report the sexual assault. So Angie, fearing that she would be ignored, doubted, and dismissed, car-ried on in hopeless silence. In the 4 months following her rape, she fell deeper and deeper into depression. Finally, when the burden became too heavy to bear, she summoned all her remaining strength and courage and went to the campus counselor. But she was shocked at the counselor’s re-sponse. The counseling center didn’t believe she was sexually assaulted. The coun-seling center said that she should for-give the rapist. They told her there is nothing they could do or would do. There was no point in pressing charges; her rapist was close to graduating any-way. But she could not forget what had happened to her. She couldn’t deal with the sexual assault. Mr. Speaker, a rape victim cannot just forget what has happened to them. Mr. Speaker, I was a judge for 22 years and a prosecutor for 8 in Texas. I saw a lot of sexual assault victims, a lot of them. They deal with what hap-pened to them every day, and they feel like the rapist tried to steal the soul of the victim. A rape victim once told me: ‘‘Judge, rape is a fate worse than death.’’ And to a lot of victims, that is exactly the way they feel. It is worse than being murdered. These sexual assault victims need support, understanding, and care to be-come survivors. They first need some-body who will listen to them. Amherst utterly failed Angie, and that failure pushed her deeper and deeper into despair. When she voiced that she had been having suicidal thoughts, university police forcibly es-corted her to the emergency room and left her there. The doctor who examined her had no training on how to deal with trauma-tized rape victims. Utterly lacking in any kind of compassion for what had happened to her, the doctor told her that she was being irrational and that her story just didn’t make any sense to the doctor. He didn’t believe a school like Amherst would allow her to be raped, and he thought she just must be crazy. He ordered that she be admitted into a psychiatric ward and washed his hands of the entire situation. For 5 days, Mr. Speaker, Angie sat shaking in a sterile room behind locked doors. She becomes the prisoner for the sexual assault that happened to her. A victim’s pain and suffering should never be increased because the hospital doesn’t have staff trained to provide victim services for sexual assault vic-tims. So to ensure this doesn’t happen to more victims like Angie, I have in-troduced legislation, along with the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ), my good friend, that would require a hospital to pro-vide access to a staffer who is properly trained to provide care sensitive to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Oct 23, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.000 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8046 October 23, 2017 
trauma victim and is concerned about what they have experienced, or have a plan in place to get the victim to a nearby hospital that does. This is called a SAFE. The law should be changed to require a hospital to have a SAFE or a SANE— that is a sexual assault forensic exam-iner or a sexual assault nurse exam-iner—on staff or have one at a nearby hospital. This bill is named for Megan Rondini. Megan Rondini is another victim of sexual assault on campus. She was from Texas and went to the University of Alabama, and she was denied proper post-sexual assault treatment at a hos-pital. This will ensure victims get the care that they need. Megan couldn’t deal with what happened to her, and she finally committed suicide. Mr. Speaker, we need to, as a body, be concerned about sexual assault vic-tims and provide this basic legislation so universities are trained or have somebody on staff nearby who can deal with sexual assault victims. That is the least we can do for people like Angie and Megan Rondini. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
NATIONAL CO-OP MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Co-op Month and the many co-ops of the big First District of Kansas. With a history spanning back to the 18th century, co-ops shaped the way American producers and consumers do business, and in doing so, these ven-tures have become an invaluable part of business in our own Nation. From a personal standpoint, I re-member my first adventure to a co-op as a 6- or 7-year-old boy on a wheat farm in Kansas. My uncles would let me tag along, riding in our 1952 Chevy truck, and take that wheat to the Burns Co-op. When I was there, I got to taste my first Orange Crush pop. It was the biggest treat of the whole harvest for me, getting to go to that co-op and getting a little bottle of pop. Over time, though, co-ops have grown far beyond agriculture. We now have co-ops across our district working in broadband, our electric and gas service, housing needs, and so much more. Run by the people who run and use them, these co-ops, from Kansas to Kentucky, from Alabama to Arkansas to Alaska, are voluntary and self-di-rected organizations. The benefits are apparent. Take, for example, MKC, one of the fastest growing co-ops in my State, which has donated more than $500,000 to our local communities in the last 5 years. The benefits of user-based eco-nomic control are growing each year. National Co-op Month brings to mind the hard work and dedication that goes into providing you and me with items and services that we take for granted every day. Going forward, I urge my colleagues and fellow Members to continue to work and support our farmers and ranchers, our co-ops and their vital work for all America. RECOGNITION OF IMPORTANCE OF TRADE TO  
KANSAS MANUFACTURING INDUSTRY  
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the importance of trade to the Kansas manufacturing in-dustry. I recently had the opportunity to tour a number of local manufacturing companies as part of my Manufac-turing Day tour in Kansas and was able to hear how these companies are work-ing to meet both local and global de-mands for our products. These companies in Hutchinson, Kan-sas; McPherson, Kansas; and Moundridge, Kansas, showed me how they partnered with local community colleges to recruit and train employees as well as innovate to improve their own processes. They repeatedly empha-sized how important trade is to manu-facturing in Kansas. When it comes to trade, NAFTA re-mains of critical importance to the Kansas economy. Nearly 40 percent of the manufacturing exports produced in Kansas go to Canada and Mexico. Let me say that again: 40 percent of the goods manufactured in Kansas go to Canada and Mexico, at a value of near-ly $3 billion each year. As we work through the process of updating and modernizing our free trade agreements, our goal must be to expand and open new markets for American exporters so we can grow our economies and put American-made products at the forefront of the global marketplace. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF ACCOMPLISH-MENTS OF ELLY M
CNELIS AND BOBBY HEENAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the accomplish-ments of two amazing Bucks Countians, Elly McNelis and Bobby Heenan. The Bucks County Central Labor Council has awarded the Trish Coyle Award to Elly McNelis, a member of AFSCME Local 1598, and president of the Neshaminy Bucks Coalition of Labor Union Women. Elly serves as a Bucks County crossing guard and is committed to strengthening the role of women in unions and increasing the in-volvement of women in the legislative process. The Bucks County Central Labor Council has also awarded Bobby Heenan with their Man of the Year Award. Bobby serves as the business manager for the International Union of Operating Engineers Local 542. Bobby and his team are committed to pro-ducing the most skilled and efficient heavy equipment operators in the in-dustry. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recog-nize these distinguished individuals for their service to their fellow working families and to our entire Bucks Coun-ty community. BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, as the son and brother of breast cancer survivors, I understand the impact of this disease on families throughout our community. Each year, about 200,000 women are diagnosed with breast can-cer, and more than 40,000 American women will die of this disease. It does not have to be this way, Mr. Speaker. This Breast Cancer Awareness Month, I am proud to be working with my colleague Congresswoman D
ELAURO  in advocating for increased access to information about breast cancer that allows women and their doctors to make the best decisions possible. The fight against cancer is one that transcends politics. By working to-gether, we can pass commonsense legis-lation that increases the quality of life and care for patients and, ultimately, put an end to this awful disease. 
PRESCRIPTION PAIN MEDICATION ABUSE  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, nearly 70 percent of individuals who abuse prescription pain medication get them from their friends or family. As our community continues to grap-ple with the devastating effects of the opioid epidemic, it is crucial we take every step possible to stop prescription medications from falling into the wrong hands, including the collecting and safely disposing of unused or ex-pired prescription drugs. My community in Bucks County has collected over 40 tons of unused medi-cations, the most in Pennsylvania, as part of our successful Prescription Drug Take Back program. This collabo-rative effort between local govern-ment, law enforcement, and commu-nity leaders is crucial in the battle against this crisis. I commend those involved and urge all residents to participate in our next Take Back Day and to utilize the per-manent drop boxes that are located throughout our region. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 13 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Oct 23, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.012 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8047 October 23, 2017 
Almighty God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. As the Members return, we ask Your blessing on all those who are dis-cerning significant options about re-maining in the people’s House or choos-ing to run for this office. May a spirit of freedom and public responsibility prevail among all the voices competing for ascendancy in the conversations and debates that ensue. Bless all Members with wisdom in good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over, that the legacy of great legislators of our his-tory might be carried on with integrity for the benefit of all. May all that is done in the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. COMER led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair an-nounces to the House that, in light of the resignation of the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ), the whole number of the House is 433. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 19, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Oc-tober 19, 2017, at 12:11 p.m.: That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 2989. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 20, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Oc-tober 20, 2017, at 3:28 p.m.: That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H. Con. Res. 71. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HOUSTON ASTROS MAKE IT HAPPEN (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is the seventh game of the American League Championship Series. After being down three games to two, the Astros, who dedicated their season to the people of Houston, had tied the ALCS three to three against the power-ful New York Yankees. The winner goes to the World Series against the mighty Dodgers. It is the top of the ninth inning in Houston. The Astros are up 4 to 0. The Astros take the field. Pitcher Lance McCullers is on the mound throwing curveballs. He strikes out Yankees shortstop Didi Gregorius. One out. McCullers attacks the plate with a dirt-diving curveball. Sanchez strikes out. Two down. The fans are standing. They are screaming. Bases are empty. One out remains. McCullers throws another curveball to batter Greg Bird, and the Yankees, Mr. Speaker, have trouble with the curve. It is a fly ball, center field. Springer catches the ball. Third out. The fans go wild. Astros win, Astros win, Astros win. The city of Houston starts singing and dancing in the streets. American League Champs. And that is just the way it is. f 
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION ECONOMIC ACCOMPLISHMENTS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last week I traveled the dis-trict and heard from constituents who are grateful for the historic progress being made by the Trump administra-tion creating jobs. President Donald Trump has led a strong pro-business team. The economy has added over 800,000 private sector jobs since January. Consumer con-fidence is at a 13-year high. The num-ber of unemployment claims has plunged to the lowest level in over 40 years. I appreciate the President can share the significance of the DOW soaring above 23,000 points, up nearly 5,000 points, or 27 percent, since election day, as you can see in his tweet on Wednesday. The President’s critics will never give him credit for American families. Columnist Clarence Page has described the ‘‘anti-Trump derangement syn-drome’’ drives critics to irrational ex-tremes. But these critics can’t dispute the facts. The fresh faces, fresh voices, and fresh ideas that President Donald Trump has brought to Washington is making a difference for American fami-lies. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JANET JOHNSON AS EXTENSION EDUCATOR OF THE YEAR (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Janet Johnson for being named Educator of the Year by the National Extension Association of Family and Consumer Sciences. Janet Johnson has worked tirelessly for the citizens of Allen County as an agent for the University of Kentucky Cooperative Extension Service. She dedicates her time to extending UK’s research knowledge to help Kentuck-ians build strong families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.005 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8048 October 23, 2017 
Much of Johnson’s work revolves around community and economic de-velopment. In fact, she helped secure nearly $20 million in renovation and beautification funding for Allen Coun-ty. Johnson was an integral part of ‘‘Plate It Up Kentucky Proud,’’ which encourages consumers to purchase and eat local produce. Regionally, she was extremely influential in connecting producers and consumers in south cen-tral Kentucky through the Farm to Table program. These accomplish-ments only scratch the surface of Johnson’s contribution to outreach and engagement for communities and fami-lies in Kentucky. Simply put, Janet Johnson is an out-standing professional in family and consumer sciences who has paved the way for many transformative programs in Kentucky. I am proud to recognize her as Extension Educator of the Year and as a distinguished teacher and col-league. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MICHELLE BAUER ON WINNING FIRST PLACE IN THE PENNSYLVANIA MUNICIPAL LEAGUE’S ANNUAL ESSAY CONTEST (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a St. Marys Area High School student for winning first place in the Pennsylvania Municipal League’s annual essay con-test. Michelle Bauer, a senior at St. Marys Area High School, is the recipient of a $2,000 scholarship for taking home the top prize at the Pennsylvania Munic-ipal League’s 118th annual summit, which took place earlier this month at Erie’s Bayfront Convention Center. This year’s essay theme was: Civics and you. Contest participants were asked to elaborate on this theme by writing about opportunities in their commu-nity that allows for civic engagement and encourage citizens to volunteer lo-cally. Mr. Speaker, I know that civic in-volvement is something that we can all agree is important to the quality of life in all of our communities. The mission of the Pennsylvania Mu-nicipal League is to strengthen, em-power, and advocate for effective local government. It is a nonprofit, non-partisan organization that was estab-lished in 1900 to advocate for Penn-sylvania’s third class cities. I congratulate Michelle Bauer on her first place finish and wish her all the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
VOTERS BELIEVE MEDIA FABRICATES NEWS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a recent Morning Consult poll found that nearly half of all voters—46 percent— ‘‘believe the media fabricates news sto-ries about President Donald Trump and his administration.’’ It is not surprising that the Amer-ican people feel this way. Each day they wake up to another barrage of negative reporting about a President they elected. In fact, a recent Harvard University study found that news coverage of President Trump’s first 100 days was 80 percent negative, a record high for any recent President. The news media used anonymous sources to report illegitimate claims that intentionally placed the President and his administration in a bad light. This is borderline malicious. The liberal media frequently rushed to print stories with one single biased source. Often, the stories turn out to be false. This is the current state of jour-nalism by the liberal media. The media should report on the top-ics of the day in a fair and balanced manner; otherwise, the American peo-ple will continue to consider the me-dia’s coverage to be fabricated news. f 
CONTINUATION OF NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–72) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days of the anniversary date of its dec-laration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the situation in, or in relation to, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, de-clared in Executive Order 13413 of Octo-ber 27, 2006, is to continue in effect be-yond October 27, 2017. The situation in, or in relation to, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which has been marked by widespread violence and atrocities that continue to threaten regional stability, con-tinues to pose an unusual and extraor-dinary threat to the foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency de-clared in Executive Order 13413 with re-spect to the situation in, or in relation to, the Democratic Republic of the Congo. DONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , October 23, 2017. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 12 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1631 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ) at 4 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
DHS ACCOUNTABILITY ENHANCEMENT ACT Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4038) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to reassert article I authorities over the Department of Homeland Security, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4038 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Ac-countability Enhancement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REPEAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 872 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 452) is re-pealed and the item relating to such section in the table of contents in section 1(b) of such Act is struck. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— (1) in section 506 (6 U.S.C. 316)— (A) by striking subsection (b); and (B) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; (2) in section 702(b) (6 U.S.C. 342(b)), by amending paragraph (4) to read as follows: ‘‘(4) R
EORGANIZATION .—The Secretary may allocate or reallocate the functions of the Office, or discontinue the Office.’’; and (3) in paragraph (3) of section 2006(b) (6 U.S.C. 607(b)), by striking ‘‘sections 506(c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 506(b)(2)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.009 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8049 October 23, 2017 
Texas (Mr. M CCAUL) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
ELA) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the bipartisan DHS Ac-countability Enhancement Act. Mr. Speaker, the current threats con-fronting our homeland continue to evolve each and every day. They come from international terrorists, drug smugglers, human traffickers, hackers engaged in cyber warfare, transnational gangs like MS–13, and natural disasters. To best address these threats, the American people need a Department of Homeland Security that is effective and accountable to the people it pro-tects. The Founding Fathers gave Congress the authority to write laws and give di-rection to the executive branch under Article I of our Constitution. Today, we have an important opportunity to reassert that constitutional authority. The legislation before us eliminates an outdated provision that gives DHS overly broad authority to act on its own and reorganize without congres-sional approval. It is authority that was well-intentioned when it was first provided right after 9/11, but the time has come to rebalance this legislative equation. Mr. Speaker, as you may be aware, it is the only authority of its kind in the entire executive branch. As Members of Congress, we have a solemn obligation to help protect the American people from anyone who wishes to bring us harm. In the wake of 9/11, we reached across the aisle and worked together to create the Department of Homeland Security and demonstrated that the security of our homeland is not a partisan issue. This is not just an academic exercise. On October 6 of this year, DHS used this authority for the first time in many years. We also want to work with DHS to support them, but continued use of this authority is not the best way to make the Department stronger. I am proud to say that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, which I chair, has a strong bipartisan track record. This year we came together as Republicans and Democrats and passed the first-ever comprehensive reauthor-ization of DHS through the House with an overwhelming majority support. Let’s continue that progress today and pass this legislation. I also call on the Senate to pass our reauthorization of DHS as soon as possible so our coun-try can be more secure. I would like to thank Ranking Mem-ber BENNIE THOMPSON , Congressman V
ELA, and all of the staff on the com-mittee for their hard work on this issue. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4038, the DHS Accountability Enhance-ment Act. H.R. 4038, or the DHS Ac-countability Enhancement Act, strikes section 872 of the Homeland Security Act. Section 872 grants the Secretary of Homeland Security unilateral au-thority to reorganize the Department as long as the Secretary notifies Con-gress 60 days in advance. H.R. 4038, this bill, rescinds this uni-lateral authority. As authorizers of the Department of Homeland Security, the Committee on Homeland Security is ultimately responsible for reorganiza-tion of the Department. H.R. 4038 rein-forces this responsibility. The separation of powers doctrine compels the elimination of the provi-sion, which gives the Department of Homeland Security unilateral decision-making authority to reorganize the De-partment. Moreover, it should be noted that this bill is not without precedent. While considering H.R. 2825, the De-partment of Homeland Security Au-thorization Act of 2017, in June, the Committee on Homeland Security unanimously approved eliminating the language found in section 872 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002. I believe that this legislation not only ensures this committee’s involve-ment in reorganizations at DHS, but affirms the responsibility of Congress as authorizers. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge support of this bipartisan legislation. H.R. 4038 is necessary, commonsense legislation. An action as significant as the reorga-nization of an entire department and its components should be subject to the appropriate vetting and approval meas-ures of this Congress. I thank Chairman M
CCAULfor work-ing with Ranking Member T
HOMPSON  on this issue both during the consider-ation of the DHS Authorization Act and now on this measure. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 4038, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4038. I will say that this committee has passed over 50 bills out of the House that are currently sitting in the Senate waiting action. I urge the Senate to take action on this important legisla-tion, all 50-plus bills, that will help better protect the American people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4038. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CUBAN AIRPORT SECURITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3328) to require a study regarding security measures and equipment at Cuba’s airports, require the standard-ization of Federal Air Marshal Service agreements, require efforts to raise international aviation security stand-ards, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3328 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cuban Air-port Security Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FLIGHTS BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall brief the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Comp-troller General of the United States on the following aspects of security measures at each of Cuba’s ten international airports: (1) Details about the type of equipment used at screening checkpoints and an anal-ysis of such equipment’s capabilities and weaknesses. (2) Information about each such airport’s canine program, if used. (3) The frequency of training for screening and security personnel. (4) Access controls in place to ensure only credentialed personnel have access to the se-cure and sterile areas of such airports. (5) An assessment of the ability of known or suspected terrorists to use Cuba as a gate-way to entering the United States. (6) Security of such airports’ perimeters. (7) A mitigation assessment regarding Man Portable Air Defense Systems. (8) The vetting practices and procedures for airport employees. (9) Any other information determined rel-evant to the security practices, procedures, and equipment in place at such airports. (b) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE OF CERTAIN AGREE -
MENTS .— (1) D
ISCLOSURE REQUIRED .—No United States air carrier that has entered into a covered agreement may employ a Cuban na-tional pursuant to 31 CFR 515.573 after the date that is 30 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act unless the air carrier has publicly disclosed the full text of the covered agreement. (2) H
IRING AND TRAINING REQUIREMENTS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law or regulation, to the extent practicable, Cuban nationals referred to in paragraph (1) shall not have been recruited, hired, or trained by entities that are owned, operated, or controlled, in whole or in part, by Cuba’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.015 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8050 October 23, 2017 
Council of State, Council of Ministers, Com-munist Party, Ministry of the Revolutionary Armed Forces, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, or Ministry of the Interior. (3) C
OVERED AGREEMENT .—In this sub-section, the term ‘‘covered agreement’’ means a formal agreement between a United States air carrier with passenger air service between any location in Cuba and any loca-tion in the United States and the Empresa Cubana de Aeropuertos y Servicios Aeronauticos or any other entity associated with the Government of Cuba. 
SEC. 3. FEDERAL AIR MARSHAL SERVICE AGREE-MENTS. 
(a) S TANDARDIZATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of the Act, the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration shall develop a standard working document to serve as the basis for all negotiations and agreements that begin after such date between the United States and foreign governments or partners regarding Federal Air Marshal cov-erage of flights to and from the United States. (b) W
RITTEN AGREEMENTS .—All agreements between the United States and foreign gov-ernments or partners regarding the presence of Federal Air Marshals on flights to and from the United States pursuant to sub-section (a) shall be written and signed by the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Sec-retary’s designee. (c) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate any agreement entered into under this section within 30 days of such agreement being signed. 
SEC. 4. INTERNATIONAL CIVIL AVIATION ORGANI-ZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Ambassador or the Charge ´ d’Affaires to the United States Mission to the International Civil Aviation Organiza-tion shall pursue improvements to airport security, including if practicable, intro-ducing a resolution to raise minimum stand-ards for airport security. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Ambassador or the Charge´d’Affaires to the United States Mission to the International Civil Aviation Organization shall report to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate on the implementation of subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. V
ELA) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of legislation that will address the crit-ical need to enhance security at air-ports in Cuba and across the globe. Last week, I had the privilege to lead a congressional delegation overseas to see firsthand investments our foreign partners in Europe and the Middle East have made to enhance aviation secu-rity. We face an unprecedented threat landscape, and they are clearly re-sponding to it. In order to keep Americans safe, we must advance collaborative counterter-rorism efforts with our allies and take a more stringent and risk-based ap-proach with countries that are more hostile to the United States. In leading this delegation to examine aviation security at international air-ports, I had the opportunity to meet with many members of our Foreign Service and military, who all work tirelessly on behalf of all of us to ad-vance America’s interests abroad. Unfortunately, it has recently come to light that more than 20 of our Amer-ican diplomats who were working at the United States Embassy in Havana were the victims of a sonic attack. As a result, many of these members of our Foreign Service have been diagnosed with serious injuries and dangerous symptoms, and, in some cases, even permanent brain damage. Reports indicate that these attacks started as early as May of 2016, exactly one year after the previous administra-tion removed Cuba’s designation as a state sponsor of terrorism. Our govern-ment told our diplomats Cuba was safe. The reality was quite the opposite, and, because of that mistake, some of our diplomats will pay a permanent price. These horrific attacks on members of our dedicated Foreign Service raise nu-merous questions about how much trust and, indeed, how much confidence we can have in the Cuban Government. We have to ask ourselves: If Cuba is unable to ensure the safety and secu-rity of foreign diplomats working in the embassies there, how can it pos-sibly prevent terrorists and other ne-farious actors from accessing its air-ports and infiltrating flights bound for the United States? I recall last year when the Obama ad-ministration entered into opening up flights to Cuba, they ceded so much of the authority to the Cuban Govern-ment, the communist Cuban Govern-ment, over who they are going to hire, who is going to work with the Amer-ican agencies, and who is going to be in charge of security; and we have very little control and, indeed, very little oversight over anything to do with those airports, yet American citizens are going to be going there and pos-sibly facing danger. That is a real con-cern. The legislation we are considering today requires that Cuba’s airports be subjected to additional security to en-sure that inbound flights to the United States are secure. I am not here today to relitigate the wider policy towards Cuba or the Cuban Government, but I am here to ensure that Cuba and the rest of the global aviation community are held to security standards that are sufficient in these modern times to respond to the evolving and sometimes grave threats that the aviation sector faces on a regular basis. The International Civil Aviation Or-ganization standards, which currently serve as the benchmark minimum re-quirements for all airports with flights to the United States, are simply too weak; and I would submit that they are becoming outdated, given the fact that terrorism aspects nationwide and, in-deed, worldwide routinely are adapting, and these standards are not. This legislation we are considering today requires the Trump administra-tion to take steps to raise minimum standards which will elevate American aviation security around the globe. No matter how strong our domestic airport and aircraft security is, we must continue to raise the standard of global aviation security for foreign countries and last-point-of-departure airports. It is imperative that aviation security standards are robust and that these standards are commonplace in foreign countries, especially those with flights to the United States. It is also imperative that these coun-tries meet these standards; not just say they are going to meet these standards, but that they are, in fact, meeting the standards, something we found out re-cently is not always the case. Confidence in aviation security at home begins with the assurance that our global partners are enforcing secu-rity standards abroad. By passing this bill today, we can demonstrate to the global community that the United States sees international aviation se-curity as critical, because raising the aviation security standard abroad will obviously and ultimately keep us safe at home. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman MCCAULand Chairman S IRES for joining me in championing this im-portant piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank all the members of the Home-land Security Committee and their staffs for putting politics aside, as we often do on this great committee, and supporting this bill unanimously. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important piece of legislation to enhance our na-tional security. Mr. Speaker, before I close, I would like to note and echo the sentiments of my colleague and leader of this com-mittee, Mr. M
CCAUL. There are more than 50 bills now sitting over in the Senate that have passed the House from the Homeland Security Com-mittee. The very words ‘‘homeland se-curity’’ should not be of question, and they should not be something to serve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:18 Jan 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\OCTOBER\H23OC7.REC H23OC7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8051 October 23, 2017 
as an impediment to keeping our coun-try safe; it should be just the opposite. Therefore, I join Mr. M
CCAULand urge my colleagues in the Senate to move swiftly on the passage of these bills to keep our country safe. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, August 30, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, House Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 3328, the Cuban Airport Secu-rity Act of 2017. I agree that the Foreign Affairs Committee may be discharged from further action on this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the Floor, subject to the understanding that this waiver does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee, or prejudice its jurisdic-tional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. The Committee also reserves the right to seek an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this bill, and would appreciate your support for any such request. I ask that you place our exchange of let-ters into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with you as this measure moves through the legis-lative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 13, 2017. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3328—the ‘‘Cuban Airport Security Act of 2017.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation be-fore the House of Representatives, and ac-cordingly, understand that the Committee on Foreign Affairs will forego further consid-eration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the Committee on Foreign Affairs does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legis-lation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the report on the bill and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your co-operation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF  R
EPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 13, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write con-cerning H.R. 3328, the Cuban Airport Secu-rity Act of 2017. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdic-tion of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure will forego ac-tion on the bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that foregoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appoint-ment of conferees or to any future jurisdic-tional claim over the subject matters con-tained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdic-tion. Further, this is conditional on our un-derstanding that mutually agreed upon changes to the legislation will be incor-porated into the bill prior to floor consider-ation. Lastly, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure during any House-Senate conference con-vened on this or related legislation. Finally, I would ask that a copy this letter and your response acknowledging our juris-dictional interest be included in the bill re-port filed by the Committee on Homeland Security, as well as in the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor, to memorialize our un-derstanding. I look forward to working with the Committee on Homeland Security as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, September 13, 2017. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3328—the ‘‘Cuban Airport Security Act of 2017.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation be-fore the House of Representatives, and ac-cordingly, understand that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forego further consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of this bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any jurisdic-tion over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee represented on the con-ference committee. Further, the Committee on Homeland Security agrees that mutually agreed upon changes to the legislation will be incorporated into the bill prior to floor consideration. I will insert copies of this exchange in the report on the bill and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your co-operation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
b1645 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3328, the Cuban Airport Secu-rity Act. The United States and the global aviation community face an adaptive and agile enemy. Terrorist groups con-tinue to target passenger aircraft and pursue new attack methods. With those threats in mind, the legis-lation before us today focuses on rais-ing the level of security in Cuba. H.R. 3328 will ensure that Congress is able to continue its oversight of the TSA’s ef-forts to ensure the Cuban Government adopts aviation security initiatives and makes important security advance-ments. It is critical that the gains achieved are not eroded. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee and my friend. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Cuban Airport Security Act. Last-point-of-departure airports are critically important to our homeland security. One only need look at the latest laptop ban that was insti-tuted at 10 last-point-of-departure air-ports, given the fact that the terrorists have now learned how to turn them into explosive devices. The American people should have grave concern about the level of secu-rity in place at any foreign airport where the host government refuses to allow strict inspections of airport secu-rity by Members of Congress. As a footnote, Mr. Speaker, it was just last year that Mr. K
ATKO and I ap-plied for visas to the Government of Cuba to inspect these airports to see how safe they were, and the Cuban Government’s response to that was to deny our visa applications. What is more concerning is that over the course of the last year, the United States Government personnel in Cuba have been targeted and subjected to harmful sonic attacks, which in some cases have caused permanent brain damage. This must not be tolerated. Too many questions remain when it comes to Cuba’s airports. Congress is still largely in the dark in terms of Cuba’s security equipment, training procedures, and other perimeter secu-rity. This bill takes an important step for-ward to shed light on current inadequa-cies and help to ensure proper over-sight of inbound flights from Cuba to the United States. Mr. Speaker, I would like to com-mend my good friend from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) for his continued leader-ship on aviation security and last- point-of-departure airports, which has been critical in bringing these issues to the forefront, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the House Homeland Security Committee passed H.R. 3328, the Cuban Airport Security Act of 2017, by voice vote in September. While the legislation is focused on raising the level of aviation security in Cuba, it has broader implications. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.018 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8052 October 23, 2017 
H.R. 3328 includes a provision requir-ing the TSA to develop a template for agreements with foreign partners for Federal air marshals to carry out secu-rity operations on flights departing or arriving on foreign soil. As Mr. K
ATKO mentioned, just last week there were news reports that the DHS and the TSA had acknowledged that intelligence indicates that terror-ists are plotting another massive at-tack on U.S. aircraft. In the current climate of aviation se-curity threats, the United States has a critical role to play in raising the base-line of global aviation security to keep the traveling public safe, in coordina-tion with our international partners. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for H.R. 3328, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill for the reasons that I have already spoken about, but I do want to note that there are two things in this bill that are very important. One is to give us the ability to examine whether or not the airports in Cuba are indeed safe. As you heard from the statements earlier during this colloquy from my-self, from Mr. V
ELA, and from Mr. M
CCAUL, there are gaps in our knowl-edge of Cuba that are simply unique to most of the other aviation commu-nities. It is incumbent upon us to try and find out what is going on down there. As my colleague, Mr. M
CCAUL, stat-ed, we were denied visas because they knew we were coming to look at their airports. They allow very little over-sight from the TSA at their airports. They or someone in their country have attacked our embassy employees. The communist Cuban party controls the vast majority of what happens with aviation with very little knowledge of what the internal workings of that are. They are not collaborative partners at all, and that is a major concern. The other part of the bill is reviewing international aviation standards. Are they keeping up to date with evolving threats, such as the laptop threat and others that we know of around the world? Are they adhering to the standards that are set by the ICAO? And are those standards sufficient going forward? Those are all things we need to take a look at. I urge my colleagues to pass this bill because it is a Homeland Secu-rity bill. I hope that my colleagues in the Senate, including Senator R
UBIO, my good friend who is championing the companion bill, I hope that he pushes it over there quickly; and I hope we get this to the President’s desk for signa-ture because we can’t mess with things that involve homeland security. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3328. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
C-TPAT REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3551) to amend the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 to reauthorize the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism Pro-gram, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3551 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘C-TPAT Re-authorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. CUSTOMS-TRADE PARTNERSHIP AGAINST TERRORISM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title II of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 961 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Subtitle B—Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism 
‘‘SEC. 211. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE CUSTOMS- TRADE PARTNERSHIP AGAINST TER-RORISM PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established within U.S. Customs and Border Protection a voluntary government-private sector part-nership program to be known as the Cus-toms-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism (C–TPAT). ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The purposes of the C– TPAT program are to— ‘‘(1) strengthen and improve the overall se-curity of the international supply chain and United States border security; ‘‘(2) facilitate the movement of secure cargo through the international supply chain; ‘‘(3) ensure compliance with applicable law; and ‘‘(4) serve as the Authorized Economic Op-erator program for the United States. ‘‘(c) D
IRECTOR .—There shall be at the head of the C–TPAT program a Director, who shall report to the Executive Assistant Com-missioner of the Office of Field Operations (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘Executive Assistant Commissioner’) of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(d) D
UTIES .—The Director of the C–TPAT program shall— ‘‘(1) oversee the activities of the C–TPAT program, including certification of C–TPAT participants; ‘‘(2) evaluate and make revisions to secu-rity criteria pursuant to subsections (c) and (d) of section 213; ‘‘(3) ensure that participants receive a tan-gible and measurable benefit for participa-tion; and ‘‘(4) carry out other duties and powers pre-scribed by the Executive Assistant Commis-sioner. 
‘‘SEC. 212. ELIGIBLE ENTITIES AND NOTICE OF BENEFITS. 
‘‘(a) E LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—Importers, ex-porters, customs brokers, forwarders, air, sea, and land carriers, contract logistics pro-viders, and other entities in the inter-national supply chain and intermodal trans-portation system are eligible to apply for participation in the C–TPAT program. ‘‘(b) TIERED PARTICIPATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Applicants may be eligi-ble to participate as Tier 1 or Tier 2 partici-pants. ‘‘(2) I
MPORTERS .—Importers may be eligible to participate as Tier 3 participants. ‘‘(3) E
XTENSION .—The Executive Assistant Commissioner may, in his or her discretion, extend Tier 3 participation to other entity types, if appropriate. ‘‘(c) N
OTICE OF BENEFITS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall publish, on the U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection website and through other appro-priate online publication, information about benefits to C–TPAT program participants. ‘‘(2) C
HANGES .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall pub-lish, on the U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion website and through other appropriate online publication, notice of any changes to benefits to C–TPAT program participants not later than 30 days before any such changes take effect. 
‘‘SEC. 213. PARTICIPATION ELIGIBILITY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Executive Assistant Commissioner shall review all documenta-tion submitted by an applicant pursuant to subsection (b)(2), conduct a background in-vestigation of such applicant, and vet such applicant. ‘‘(b) G
ENERAL REQUIREMENTS .—To be eligi-ble for participation in the C–TPAT pro-gram, an entity shall, at a minimum— ‘‘(1) have a designated company employee authorized to bind such entity that is a di-rect company employee and will serve as the primary point of contact responsible for par-ticipation of such entity in the C–TPAT pro-gram; ‘‘(2) at the time of initial application and annually thereafter, including in advance of any recertification or revalidation, submit an international supply chain security pro-file, which shall identify how such entity meets the minimum security criteria of the C–TPAT program established by the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and how such entity will maintain and enhance internal policies, procedures, and practices related to international supply chain security; and ‘‘(3) meet any specific requirements for eli-gible entities, as established by the Commis-sioner. ‘‘(c) M
INIMUM SECURITY CRITERIA .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall establish minimum security criteria for participants in the C–TPAT pro-gram, review such minimum security cri-teria not less than once every two years, and update such minimum security criteria as necessary. Such minimum security criteria shall seek to address security vulnerabilities in the international supply chain. ‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL AND UPDATED CRITERIA .— The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection may establish additional and updated security criteria for individual C– TPAT program participants, categories of C– TPAT program participants, or particular entity types to meet in order to address a se-curity vulnerability in the international sup-ply chain. ‘‘(e) C
ONSULTATION .—When establishing or updating security criteria in accordance with subsection (c), and when establishing additional or updated security criteria in ac-cordance subsection (d), the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall consult with C–TPAT program participants and other interested parties, and shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.019 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8053 October 23, 2017 
‘‘(1) conduct a cost benefit analysis of such proposed new, additional, or updated secu-rity criteria in consultation with the Com-mercial Customs Operations Advisory Com-mittee established under section 109 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–125; 19 U.S.C. 4316); ‘‘(2) determine operational feasibility and, where appropriate, conduct a phased imple-mentation of such proposed additional or up-dated security criteria; and ‘‘(3) provide C–TPAT program participants and other interested parties a 90-day com-ment period to review and comment on such proposed additional or updated security cri-teria. ‘‘(f) W
AIVER .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection may waive the requirements of subsection (e) if the Commissioner determines there is a signifi-cant and imminent risk to the national secu-rity of the United States and such a waiver is necessary to protect such national secu-rity. Not later than 120 days after the issuance of any such waiver, the Commis-sioner shall announce on the U.S. Customs and Border Protection website and through other appropriate online publication the Commissioner’s intent to either withdraw such waiver or maintain such waiver while commencing efforts to establish minimum security criteria or establish additional or update existing security criteria in accord-ance with subsection (c) or (d), respectively. 
‘‘SEC. 214. BENEFITS FOR C–TPAT PROGRAM PAR-TICIPANTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Executive Assistant Commissioner shall extend certain benefits to each C–TPAT program participant. Min-imum benefits for each such participant shall include the following: ‘‘(1) Assignment of a U.S. Customs and Border Protection Supply Chain Security Specialist. ‘‘(2) Access to the C–TPAT program’s web- based Portal system and training materials. ‘‘(3) A periodic and unclassified update on regional and other relevant threats to the international supply chain. ‘‘(b) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Executive Assistant Commissioner shall make publicly available on the C–TPAT portal an annual assessment of the tangible benefits being re-alized by C–TPAT program participants. ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL ASSESSMENT .—The Executive Assistant Commissioner shall conduct, on an annual basis, an assessment of the benefits conferred to C-TPAT program participants. The Executive Assistant Commissioner shall determine a process to carry out such assess-ments, to include projected milestones and completion dates for addressing data reli-ability issues and, as necessary, correcting data weaknesses, so that U.S. Customs and Border Protection can produce accurate and reliable annual assessments that can be com-pared year-to-year. 
‘‘SEC. 215. TIER 1 PARTICIPANTS. 
‘‘(a) C ERTIFICATION .—The Executive Assist-ant Commissioner shall certify the security measures and international supply chain se-curity practices of all applicants to and par-ticipants in the C–TPAT program in accord-ance with section 213(b)(2) and the guidelines referred to in subsection (c) of this section. Certified participants shall be Tier 1 partici-pants. ‘‘(b) B
ENEFITS FOR TIER1 PARTICIPANTS .— Upon completion of the certification under subsection (a), a C–TPAT program partici-pant shall be certified as a Tier 1 partici-pant. The Executive Assistant Commissioner shall extend limited benefits to a Tier 1 par-ticipant. ‘‘(c) G
UIDELINES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sub-title, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall update the guide-lines and criteria for certifying a C–TPAT program participant’s security measures and supply chain security practices under this section. Such guidelines shall include a background investigation and review of ap-propriate documentation, as determined by the Commissioner. ‘‘(d) TIMEFRAME .—To the extent prac-ticable, the Executive Assistant Commis-sioner shall complete the Tier 1 certification process within 90 days of receipt of an appli-cation for participation in the C–TPAT pro-gram. 
‘‘SEC. 216. TIER 2 PARTICIPANTS. 
‘‘(a) V ALIDATION .—The Executive Assistant Commissioner shall validate the security measures and international supply chain se-curity practices of a Tier 1 C–TPAT program participant in accordance with the guide-lines referred to in subsection (c) to validate such participant as a Tier 2 participant. Such validation shall include on-site assess-ments at appropriate foreign and domestic locations utilized by such Tier 1 participant in its international supply chain. ‘‘(b) B
ENEFITS FOR TIER2 PARTICIPANTS .— The Executive Assistant Commissioner, shall extend benefits to each C–TPAT participant that has been validated as a Tier 2 partici-pant under this section. Such benefits may include the following: ‘‘(1) Reduced scores in U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Automated Targeting System. ‘‘(2) Reduced number of security examina-tions by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion. ‘‘(3) Priority examinations of cargo. ‘‘(4) Access to the Free and Secure Trade (FAST) Lanes at United States ports of entry. ‘‘(5) Recognition as a trusted trade partner by foreign customs administrations that have signed Mutual Recognition Arrange-ments with U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion. ‘‘(6) In the case of importers, eligibility to participate in the Importer Self-Assessment Program (ISA) or successor compliance pro-gram. ‘‘(c) G
UIDELINES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sub-title, the Commissioner shall develop a schedule and update the guidelines and cri-teria for validating a C–TPAT participant’s security measures and supply chain security practices under this section. ‘‘(d) T
IMEFRAME .—To the extent prac-ticable, the Executive Assistant Commis-sioner shall complete the Tier 2 validation process for a C–TPAT program participant under this section within one year after cer-tification of such participant as a Tier 1 par-ticipant. 
‘‘SEC. 217. TIER 3 PARTICIPANTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner shall establish a third tier of C–TPAT program participation that offers additional benefits to C–TPAT program participants that are importers or other entity types, in accord-ance with section 212(b), that demonstrate a sustained commitment to maintaining secu-rity measures and international supply chain security practices that exceed the guidelines established for validation as a Tier 2 partici-pant in the C–TPAT program under section 216. ‘‘(b) B
ESTPRACTICES .—The Executive As-sistant Commissioner may designate a Tier 2 C–TPAT program participant as a Tier 3 par-ticipant based on a review of best practices in such participant’s international supply chain that reflect a continued approach to enhanced international supply chain secu-rity, including— ‘‘(1) compliance with any additional or up-dated criteria established by the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion under section 213(d) that exceed the guidelines established pursuant to section 216 for validating a C–TPAT program partici-pant as a Tier 2 participant; and ‘‘(2) any other factors that the Executive Assistant Commissioner determines appro-priate. ‘‘(c) BENEFITS FOR TIER3 PARTICIPANTS .— The Executive Assistant Commissioner, in consultation with the Commercial Customs Operations Advisory Committee established under section 109 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–125; 19 U.S.C. 4316) and the National Maritime Security Advisory Committee es-tablished under section 70112 of title 46, United States Code, shall extend benefits to each C–TPAT program participant that has been validated as a Tier 3 participant under this section, which may include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) Further reduction in the number of ex-aminations by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. ‘‘(2) Front of the line inspections and ex-aminations. ‘‘(3) Exemption from Stratified Exams. ‘‘(4) Shorter wait times at United States ports of entry. ‘‘(5) Access to the Free and Secure Trade (FAST) Lanes at United States ports of entry. ‘‘(6) Recognition as a trusted trade partner by foreign customs administrations that have signed Mutual Recognition Arrange-ments with U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion. ‘‘(7) In the case of importers, eligibility to participate in the Importer Self-Assessment Program (ISA) or successor compliance pro-gram. 
‘‘SEC. 218. CONSEQUENCES FOR LACK OF COM-PLIANCE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If at any time the Exec-utive Assistant Commissioner determines that a C–TPAT program participant’s secu-rity measures or international supply chain security practices fail to meet applicable re-quirements under this subtitle, the Execu-tive Assistant Commissioner may deny such participant benefits otherwise made avail-able pursuant to this subtitle, either in whole or in part. The Executive Assistant Commissioner shall develop procedures, in consultation with Commercial Customs Op-erations Advisory Committee, established under section 109 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–125; 19 U.S.C. 4316), that provide ap-propriate protections to C–TPAT program participants, including advance notice and an opportunity for such participants to pro-vide additional information to U.S. Customs and Border Protection regarding any such al-leged failure, before any of such benefits are withheld. Such procedures may not limit the ability of the Executive Assistant Commis-sioner to take actions to protect the na-tional security of the United States. ‘‘(b) F
ALSE OR MISLEADING INFORMATION ; L
ACK OF COMPLIANCE WITHLAW.—If a C– TPAT program participant knowingly pro-vides false or misleading information to the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the Executive Assistant Commis-sioner, or any other officers or officials of the United States Government, or if at any time the Executive Assistant Commissioner determines that a C–TPAT program partici-pant has committed a serious violation of Federal law or customs regulations, or if a C–TPAT program participant has committed a criminal violation relating to the eco-nomic activity of such participant, the Exec-utive Assistant Commissioner may suspend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.008 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8054 October 23, 2017 
or expel such participant from the C–TPAT program for an appropriate period of time. The Executive Assistant Commissioner, after the completion of the process described in subsection (d), may publish in the Federal Register a list of C–TPAT program partici-pants that have been so suspended or ex-pelled from the C–TPAT program pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL SECURITY .—If at any time the Executive Assistant Commissioner deter-mines that a C–TPAT program participant poses a significant and imminent risk to the national security of the United States or has committed a serious violation of Federal law or customs regulations, or if a C–TPAT pro-gram participant has committed a criminal violation relating to the economic activity of such participant, the Executive Assistant Commissioner may suspend or expel such participant from the C–TPAT program for an appropriate period of time. The Executive Assistant Commissioner, after the comple-tion of the process described in subsection (d), may publish in the Federal Register a list of C–TPAT program participants that have been so suspended or expelled from the C–TPAT program pursuant to this sub-section. ‘‘(d) R
IGHT OF APPEAL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall es-tablish a process for a C–TPAT program par-ticipant to appeal a decision of the Execu-tive Assistant Commissioner under sub-section (a). Such appeal shall be filed with the Commissioner not later than 90 days after the date of such decision, and the Com-missioner shall issue a determination not later than 90 days after such appeal is filed. ‘‘(2) A
PPEALS OF OTHER DECISIONS .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall establish a process for a C– TPAT program participant to appeal a deci-sion of the Executive Assistant Commis-sioner under subsections (b) and (c). Such ap-peal shall be filed with the Commissioner not later than 30 days after the date of such decision, and the Commissioner shall issue a determination not later than 90 days after such appeal is filed. 
‘‘SEC. 219. VALIDATIONS BY OTHER DHS COMPO-NENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection may recognize regulatory inspections conducted by other components of the Department of Homeland Security of entities as sufficient to constitute validation for C–TPAT pro-gram participation in cases in which any such component’s inspection regime is har-monized with validation criteria for the C- TPAT program. Such regulatory inspections shall not limit the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to conduct a C–TPAT program validation. ‘‘(b) R
EVALIDATION .—Nothing in this sec-tion may limit the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s ability to require a revalidation by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(c) C
ERTIFICATION .—Nothing in this sec-tion may be construed to authorize certifi-cations of C–TPAT applicants to be per-formed by any party other than U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. 
‘‘SEC. 220. RECERTIFICATION AND REVALIDA-TION. 
‘‘(a) R ECERTIFICATION .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall implement a recertification process for all C–TPAT program participants. Such process shall occur annually, and shall require— ‘‘(1) a review of the security profile and supporting documentation to ensure adher-ence to the minimum security criteria under section 213; and ‘‘(2) background checks and vetting. ‘‘(b) REVALIDATION .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall implement a revalidation process for all Tier 2 and Tier 3 C–TPAT program participants. Such process shall require— ‘‘(1) a framework based upon objective, risk based criteria for identifying partici-pants for periodic revalidation at least once every four years following the initial valida-tion of such participants; ‘‘(2) on-site assessments at appropriate for-eign and domestic locations utilized by such a participant in its international supply chain; and ‘‘(3) an annual plan for revalidation that includes— ‘‘(A) performance measures; ‘‘(B) an assessment of the personnel needed to perform such revalidations; and ‘‘(C) the number of participants that will be revalidated during the following year. ‘‘(c) R
EVALIDATION UNDER A MUTUAL REC-
OGNITION ARRANGEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon request from the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, all Tier 2 and Tier 3 C–TPAT pro-gram participants shall provide any re-validation report conducted by a foreign gov-ernment under a Mutual Recognition Ar-rangement. ‘‘(2) R
ECOGNITION .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection may recognize revalidations of entities conducted by foreign governments under a Mutual Rec-ognition Arrangement as sufficient to con-stitute a revalidation for C–TPAT program participation under subsection (b). ‘‘(3) N
O LIMITATION .—Nothing in this sub-section may be construed to limit the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection’s ability to require a revalidation by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(d) D
ESIGNATED COMPANY EMPLOYEES .— Only designated company employees of a C– TPAT program participant under section 213(b)(1) are authorized to respond to a re-validation report. Third-party entities are not authorized to respond to a revalidation report. 
‘‘SEC. 221. NONCONTAINERIZED CARGO AND THIRD PARTY LOGISTICS PRO-VIDERS. 
‘‘The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall consider the poten-tial for participation in the C–TPAT pro-gram by importers of noncontainerized car-goes and non-asset-based third party logis-tics providers that otherwise meet the re-quirements under this subtitle. 
‘‘SEC. 222. PROGRAM MANAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall es-tablish sufficient internal quality controls and record management, including record-keeping (including maintenance of a record management system in accordance with sub-section (b)) and monitoring staff hours, to support the management systems of the C– TPAT program. In managing the C–TPAT program, the Commissioner shall ensure that the C–TPAT program includes the following: ‘‘(1) A 5-year plan to identify outcome- based goals and performance measures of the C–TPAT program. ‘‘(2) An annual plan for each fiscal year de-signed to match available resources to the projected workload. ‘‘(3) A standardized work program to be used by agency personnel to carry out the certifications, validations, recertifications, and revalidations of C–TPAT program par-ticipants. ‘‘(4) In accordance with subsection (e), a standardized process for the Executive As-sistant Commissioner to receive reports of suspicious activity, including reports regard-ing potentially compromised cargo or other border or national security concerns. ‘‘(b) DOCUMENTATION OF REVIEWS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall maintain a record management system to document determinations on the reviews of each C–TPAT program participant, including certifications, validations, recertifications, and revalidations. ‘‘(2) S
TANDARDIZED PROCEDURES .—To en- sure accuracy and consistency within the record management system required under this subsection, the Commissioner shall de-velop, disseminate, and require utilization of standardized procedures for agency personnel carrying out certifications, validations, re-certifications, and revalidations to report and track information regarding the status of each C-TPAT program participant. ‘‘(c) C
ONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION SAFE-
GUARDS .—In consultation with the Commer-cial Customs Operations Advisory Com-mittee established under section 109 of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–125; 19 U.S.C. 4316), the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall develop and imple-ment procedures to ensure the protection of confidential data collected, stored, or shared with government agencies or as part of the application, certification, validation, recer-tification, and revalidation processes. ‘‘(d) R
ESOURCE MANAGEMENT STAFFING  P
LAN.—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall— ‘‘(1) develop a staffing plan to recruit and train staff (including a formalized training program) to meet the objectives identified in the 5-year strategic plan under subsection (a)(1); and ‘‘(2) provide cross-training in post incident trade resumption for the C–TPAT Director and other relevant personnel who administer the C–TPAT program. ‘‘(e) E
NGAGEMENT .—In carrying out the standardized process required under sub-section (a)(4), the Commissioner shall engage with and provide guidance to C-TPAT pro-gram participants and other appropriate stakeholders on submitting reports described in such subsection. ‘‘(f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—In connection with the President’s annual budget submis-sion for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall report to the appro-priate congressional committees on the progress made by the Commissioner to cer-tify, validate, recertify, and revalidate C– TPAT program participants. Each such re-port shall be due on the same date that the President’s budget is submitted to Con-gress.’’. (b) S
AVING CLAUSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this Act shall take effect and apply begin-ning on the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act with re-spect to applicants for participation in the C–TPAT program. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply in case of C–TPAT program partici-pants who are such participants as of the date specified in such paragraph. Such par-ticipants shall be subject to the amendments made by this Act upon revalidation of such participants to participate in such program. Until such time, such participants shall be subject to the requirements of the C–TPAT program as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 is amended by striking the items relating to subtitle B of title II and inserting the fol-lowing new items: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.008 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8055 October 23, 2017 
‘‘Subtitle B—Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism ‘‘Sec. 211. Establishment of the Customs and Trade Partnership Against Ter-rorism program. ‘‘Sec. 212. Eligible entities and notice of benefits. ‘‘Sec. 213. Participation eligibility. ‘‘Sec. 214. Benefits for C–TPAT program par-ticipants. ‘‘Sec. 215. Tier 1 participants. ‘‘Sec. 216. Tier 2 participants. ‘‘Sec. 217. Tier 3 participants. ‘‘Sec. 218. Consequences for lack of compli-ance. ‘‘Sec. 219. Validations by other DHS compo-nents. ‘‘Sec. 220. Recertification and revalidation. ‘‘Sec. 221. Noncontainerized cargo and third party logistics providers. ‘‘Sec. 222. Program management.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and the gentle-woman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? There was no objection. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3551, the Customs-Trade Part-nership Against Terrorism Reauthor-ization Act of 2017. The Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism, or C- TPAT, is the U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s flagship global supply chain security program. C-TPAT is rec-ognized throughout the world as the premier cargo pre-vetting program. My legislation reauthorizes the pro-gram for the first time in 11 years to ensure that the program is ready to meet the dynamic threats currently facing the global supply chain, and that C-TPAT participants receive tan-gible benefits for their partnership with CBP. When a company joins C-TPAT, they agree to work with CBP to protect the supply chain, identify security gaps, and implement specific security meas-ures and best practices. In order to receive benefits such as shorter wait times and fewer inspec-tions at ports of entry, applicants must enhance security throughout their sup-ply chain by undergoing vetting and a site visit by CPB. While the SAFE Port Act of 2006, which established the program, set a strong foundation for the current suc-cess of C-TPAT, this bill not only codi-fies the structure of the current pro-gram, but also makes sure C-TPAT re-mains a true partnership between CBP and private industry. Under this bill, CBP will be required to formally liaise with industry stake-holders when implementing new or up-dated security criteria, and provide tangible benefits to all participants at various stages of the CBP vetting proc-ess. My legislation also reduces redun-dant inspections on pre-vetted cargo and provides CBP with a mechanism to suspend or expel participants from the program if they fail to abide by secu-rity requirements or pose a threat to national security. Furthermore, it establishes a process for CBP with congressional oversight requirements to continuously vet par-ticipants, review their security meas-ures, and conduct site visits of their fa-cilities to ensure compliance with and continued dedication to security meas-ures. Reducing wait times and inspections for participants who enhance the glob-al supply chain greatly enhances cross- border trade and economic growth while reducing the workload of already overworked officers at CBP. C-TPAT achieves this in a way that also strengthens our national security through rigorous initial and recurrent background checks and site visits. I am proud to sponsor the reauthor-ization of this highly successful pro-gram in order to expand its reach and increase its benefits to private indus-try. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, October 23, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I am writing with respect to H.R. 3551, the ‘‘C–TPAT Reauthor-ization of 2017.’’ This bill contains provisions within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. The Committee on Ways and Means will not seek a sequential referral on H.R. 3551 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. This is done with the understanding that the jurisdic-tional interests of the Committee on Ways and Means over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered. In addi-tion, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 3551 and requests your support when such a request is made. I would appreciate your response con-firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 3551 and ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of the bill on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, October 23, 2017. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 3551, the ‘‘C–TPAT Reauthorization Act of 2017.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this very important legislation before the House of Representa-tives, and appreciate the willingness of the Committee on Ways and Means to forego seeking a sequential referral. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing a sequential referral on this bill at this time, the Committee on Ways and Means does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Ways and Means represented on the conference committee for provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security. 
Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3551, the C-TPAT Reauthorization Act of 2017. H.R. 3551 reauthorizes, for the first time in 11 years, the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism Pro-gram, also known as C-TPAT. C-TPAT is a voluntary public-private sector partnership program where CBP works with the trade community to provide high-level cargo security through close cooperation with the principal stakeholders of the inter-national supply chain, such as import-ers, carriers, consolidators, licensed customs brokers, and manufacturers. Today, more than 11,400 certified partners spanning the gamut of the trade community have been accepted into the program. CBP pre-vets and certifies C-TPAT partners they con-sider to be low risk in exchange for benefits, such as fewer examinations and access to expedited or dedicated lanes. This bill incorporates Democratic amendments, including one of my own that establishes a standard system for C-TPAT partners to report suspicious activity instead of the patchwork sys-tem that exists now. Another important amendment of-fered by my colleague, Mr. C
ORREA , was adopted in committee to ensure that when CBP changes up the rules and se-curity criteria for C-TPAT, stake-holders are given adequate notice to comply. Furthermore, I would like to thank the majority for working with us to recognize that suspension and expul-sion from the C-TPAT program has se-rious economic and repudiation rami-fications for companies. The majority agreed to include Democratic language supported by the Border Trade Alliance and other stakeholders that urges CBP not to publish suspended C-TPAT par-ticipants, as is the current practice, until appeals and complete due process is carried out. We found some cases where companies were reinstated in the appeals process, but since they were tagged as a suspended company by CBP in the Federal Register, their business suffered. This language would prevent that from reoccurring. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.008 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8056 October 23, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, at a time when U.S. ports, like the Port of Los Angeles in my district, are experiencing CBP staffing shortages, the C-TPAT pro-gram helps the supply chain be more efficient and safe. I support the pro-gram’s reauthorization. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3551 is an impor-tant piece of legislation that has strong support on both sides of the aisle and a broad range of stakeholders. C-TPAT offers importers and other partners a win-win situation where they voluntarily allow CBP to prescreen them in exchange for bene-fits, such as shorter wait times and dedicated services. The more we know about our supply chain, the safer we will be. C-TPAT is a big way we stay in-formed. As such, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 3551, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I appreciate the bipartisan support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3551, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b1700 ASIA-PACIFIC ECONOMIC COOPERA-TION BUSINESS TRAVEL CARDS ACT OF 2017 Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 504) to permanently authorize the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Program. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 504 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Cards Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. ASIA-PACIFIC ECONOMIC COOPERATION BUSINESS TRAVEL CARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211 et seq.) is amended by inserting after sec-tion 417 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 418. ASIA-PACIFIC ECONOMIC COOPERA-TION BUSINESS TRAVEL CARDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection is au-thorized to issue an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card (referred to in this section as an ‘ABT Card’) to any individual described in subsection (b). ‘‘(b) CARD ISSUANCE .—An individual de-scribed in this subsection is an individual who— ‘‘(1) is a citizen of the United States; ‘‘(2) has been approved and is in good standing in an existing international trusted traveler program of the Department; and ‘‘(3) is— ‘‘(A) engaged in business in the Asia-Pa-cific region, as determined by the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion; or ‘‘(B) a United States Government official actively engaged in Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation business, as determined by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(c) I
NTEGRATION WITHEXISTING TRAVEL  P
ROGRAMS .—The Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection shall integrate application procedures for, and issuance, re-newal, and revocation of, ABT Cards with ex-isting international trusted traveler pro-grams of the Department. ‘‘(d) C
OOPERATION WITHPRIVATE ENTITIES  
AND NONGOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS .—In carrying out this section, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection may consult with appropriate private sector enti-ties and nongovernmental organizations, in-cluding academic institutions. ‘‘(e) F
EE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall— ‘‘(A) prescribe and collect a fee for the issuance and renewal of ABT Cards; and ‘‘(B) adjust such fee to the extent the Com-missioner determines necessary to comply with paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall ensure that the total amount of the fees col-lected under paragraph (1) during any fiscal year is sufficient to offset the direct and in-direct costs associated with carrying out this section during such fiscal year, includ-ing the costs associated with operating and maintaining the ABT Card issuance and re-newal processes. ‘‘(3) A
CCOUNT FOR COLLECTIONS .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States an ‘Asia-Pacific Economic Coopera-tion Business Travel Card Account’ into which the fees collected under paragraph (1) shall be deposited as offsetting receipts. ‘‘(4) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts deposited into the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Account established under paragraph (3) shall— ‘‘(A) be credited to the appropriate account of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection for expenses incurred in carrying out this section; and ‘‘(B) remain available until expended. ‘‘(f) N
OTIFICATION .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall notify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate not later than 60 days after the expenditures of funds to operate and provide ABT Card services be-yond the amounts collected under subsection (e)(1). ‘‘(g) T
RUSTED TRAVELER PROGRAM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘trusted traveler program’ means a voluntary pro-gram of the Department that allows U.S. Customs and Border Protection to expedite clearance of pre-approved, low-risk travelers arriving in the United States.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 417 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 418. Asia-Pacific Economic Coopera-tion Business Travel Cards.’’. SEC. 3. ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the re-peal of the Asia-Pacific Economic Coopera-tion Business Travel Cards Act of 2011 (Pub-lic Law 112–54; 8 U.S.C. 1185 note) pursuant to section 4(b)(1), amounts deposited into the APEC Business Travel Card Account estab-lished pursuant to such Act as of the date of the enactment of this Act are hereby trans-ferred to the Asia-Pacific Economic Coopera-tion Business Travel Card Account estab-lished pursuant to section 418(e) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by section 2(a) of this Act), and shall be avail-able without regard to whether such amounts are expended in connection with ex-penses incurred with respect to an ABT Card issued at any time before or after such date of enactment. (b) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts deposited in the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Busi-ness Travel Card Account established pursu-ant to section 418(e) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, in addition to the purposes for which such amounts are available pursu-ant to such subsection, shall also be avail-able for expenditure in connection with ex-penses incurred with respect to ABT Cards issued at any time before the date of the en-actment of such section. (c) T
ERMINATION .—After the completion of the transfer described in subsection (a), the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Account established pursuant to the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Busi-ness Travel Cards Act of 2011 shall be closed. 
SEC. 4. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS AND RE-PEAL. 
(a) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 411(c) of section 411 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (17), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (18) as para-graph (19); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (17) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(18) carry out section 418, relating to the issuance of Asia-Pacific Economic Coopera-tion Business Travel Cards; and’’. (b) R
EPEAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Asia-Pacific Eco-nomic Cooperation Business Travel Cards Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–54; 8 U.S.C. 1185 note) is repealed. (2) S
AVING CLAUSE .—Notwithstanding the repeal under paragraph (1), an ABT Card issued pursuant to the Asia-Pacific Eco-nomic Cooperation Business Travel Cards Act of 2011 before the date of the enactment of this Act that, as of such date, is still valid, shall remain valid on and after such date until such time as such Card would oth-erwise expire. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Jan 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\OCTOBER\H23OC7.REC H23OC7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8057 October 23, 2017 
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 504, the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Cards Act of 2017. The Asia-Pacific Economic Coopera-tion, or APEC, has been an economic catalyst for the Asia-Pacific region since 1989. APEC facilitates increased trade and business cooperation among the 21 member countries in the region that promote innovation, inclusive-ness, and sustainable growth. Specifically, this bill reauthorizes the APEC Business Travel Card Pro-gram. The program began as a pilot in 2011, and this bill would implement best practices found throughout the 7- year pilot program. The APEC Business Travel Card is a travel document issued to business travelers who are citizens of APEC-par-ticipating economies. Valid for 5 years, the card eliminates the need for its holders to possess a visa when visiting other APEC-participating economies as long as preclearance has been obtained through a trusted traveler application process. Our partnerships in the Asia-Pacific region are more important now than ever before. The APEC Business Card champions free and open trade, pro-motes economic integration, enhanced border security, and facilitates a sus-tainable global business environment. The program also helps to enhance bor-der integrity and security in partici-pating economies by prechecking each applicant against watch lists of other participating economies. The program offers cost savings to travelers and moves frequent travelers who have been prescreened through the international travel process more effi-ciently. The APEC Card is currently set to expire on September 30, 2018. Now is the time to reauthorize this important partnership between the United States and our friends in the APEC region. I would like to thank my colleagues Miss R
ICEand Mr. D ONOVAN for intro-ducing the House version of this bill, as well as Ms. H
IRONO and Mr. D AINES in the Senate for their part in moving this legislation forward. I urge Members to join me in sup-porting this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of S. 504, the Asia- Pacific Economic Cooperation, APEC, Business Travel Cards Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, the APEC Business Travel Cards Act permanently reau-thorizes the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation Business Travel Card Pro-gram. This trusted-traveler program provides access to fast-track immigra-tion lanes in airports for travelers who conduct verified business in the APEC region. APEC is a forum for 21 Pacific Rim countries, including the U.S. and Australia, to support sustainable eco-nomic growth and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region. U.S. Customs and Border Protection started issuing cards to eligible Ameri-cans in 2014 after Congress passed the APEC Business Travel Cards Act in 2011. Today, the program facilitates travel for Americans working on behalf of 30,000 U.S. businesses. Under that law, the authority to issue these travel cards to Americans is set to expire on September 30, 2018. S. 504, the APEC Business Travel Cards Act of 2017, is supported by a di-verse range of stakeholders, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Asia-Pacific Council of American Chambers of Commerce, the U.S. Coun-cil for International Business, the U.S. Travel Association, and the American Hotel and Lodging Association. On the House Homeland Security Committee, companion legislation to S. 504 was championed by Congress-woman KATHLEEN RICEof New York. With the leadership of Miss R
ICEand others, her bill was passed unani-mously by our committee. Allowing ABT cards to expire would be a mistake that puts American busi-nesses at a disadvantage. I urge my House colleagues to support this bipar-tisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, S. 504 is an important piece of legislation that has strong sup-port on both sides of the aisle. The ABT Card Program allows business travelers and government officials with business in APEC countries to access fast-track processing lanes at APEC airports. The program saves an estimated 43 minutes per trip, according to U.S. Customs and Border Patrol, and oper-ates entirely on user fees, costing tax-payers nothing. Importantly, it pre-serves authority for the Department of Homeland Security to revoke or sus-pend an individual’s card for security reasons at any time. This is a commonsense, bipartisan bill, and I encourage my colleagues to support S. 504 to ensure that the bill gets to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 504, Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Cards Act of 2017, which is identical to bipartisan legisla-tion I introduced in the House earlier this year along with Representatives D
ANDONOVAN , R
ICKLARSEN and D AVEREICHERT . This bill would permanently reauthorize the APEC Business Travel Card program, which provides access to fast-track immigration lanes at airports for travelers who conduct verified business in the APEC region. The U.S. has been participating in this pro-gram and issuing cards to verified American business travelers since 2014, after Congress passed the APEC Business Travel Cards Act in 2011. Under that law, the authority to issue these travel cards to Americans is set to expire on September 30, 2018—meaning that no new cards can be issued after that date, and all cards will expire by 2021, after which Ameri-cans will no longer be able to travel through-out the region as easily as business travelers from other APEC countries. S. 504 will permanently extend that author-ity, while maintaining the Department of Homeland Security’s (DHS) authority to revoke or suspend an individual’s card for security reasons at any time. Mr. Speaker, this is a successful program that operates at absolutely no cost to tax-payers and makes American businesses more competitive in the global economy—including many businesses in my home state of New York, which is home to more than 2,300 card-holders. Allowing these cards to expire would be a mistake that puts American business travelers at a disadvantage, and this legislation reflects a common-sense, bipartisan commitment to reauthorize the program permanently. I’m grateful to my colleagues from both par-ties in the House and Senate for their efforts to help move this legislation forward, and I urge all our colleagues to give it their full sup-port today so we can send this bill to the President’s desk. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of S. 504, legislation to permanently au-thorize the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Program. Mr. Speaker, this is a common-sense meas-ure to make permanent a program that has been successful since its inception in 2011. More than 30,000 Americans currently hold fast-track cards that expedite business travel to Pacific Rim countries. The world economy is fast-paced and constantly evolving, and it’s important to reduce bureaucratic obstacles for America to remain competitive. The APEC Business Travel Card helps Americans travel faster and more efficiently throughout the Asia-Pacific region, allowing them to spend more time on business, and less time in airport lines. We must ensure that our business leaders have the resources they need to compete in an increasingly globalized economy, which is why I’m proud to support the permanent extension of this program. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 504. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS TRAFFICKING EMERGENCY RE-SPONSE BY DETECTING INCOM-ING CONTRABAND WITH TECH-NOLOGY ACT Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.025 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8058 October 23, 2017 
bill (H.R. 2142) to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are ille-gally imported into the United States, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2142 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Inter-national Narcotics Trafficking Emergency Response by Detecting Incoming Contraband with Technology Act’’ or the ‘‘INTERDICT Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
HEMICAL SCREENING DEVICE .—The term ‘‘chemical screening device’’ means an immunoassay, narcotics field test kit, infra-red spectrophotometer, mass spectrometer, nuclear magnetic resonance spectrometer, Raman spectrophotometer, or other sci-entific instrumentation able to collect data that can be interpreted to determine the presence of fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive sub-stances. (2) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. (3) E
XPRESS CONSIGNMENT OPERATOR OR  
CARRIER .—The term ‘‘express consignment operator or carrier’’ has the meaning given that term in section 128.1 of title 19, Code of Federal Regulations (or any similar suc-cessor regulation). 
SEC. 3. INTERDICTION OF FENTANYL, OTHER SYNTHETIC OPIOIDS, AND OTHER NARCOTICS AND PSYCHOACTIVE SUBSTANCES. 
(a) C HEMICAL SCREENING DEVICES .—The Commissioner shall— (1) increase the number of chemical screen-ing devices available to U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers over the number of such devices that are available on the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) make such additional chemical screen-ing devices available to U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers as the Commis-sioner determines are necessary to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are illegally imported into the United States, including such substances that are imported through the mail or by an express consignment operator or carrier. (b) P
ERSONNEL TO INTERPRET DATA.—The Commissioner shall dedicate the appropriate number of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion personnel, including scientists, so that such personnel are available during all oper-ational hours to interpret data collected by chemical screening devices. 
SEC. 4. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Commissioner $9,000,000 to ensure that U.S. Customs and Border Protection has re-sources, including chemical screening de-vices, personnel, and scientists, available during all operational hours to prevent, de-tect, and interdict the unlawful importation of fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, as communities across my district and across our Nation con-tinue to deal with the crisis of opioid abuse and addiction, it is incomprehen-sible to imagine a synthetic drug up to 50 times stronger than heroin and 100 times stronger than morphine. Fentanyl is a manufactured opioid which, in its illicit versions, has con-tributed to tens of thousands of deaths. This fact is especially concerning, given that this drug can be ordered on-line and delivered via mail or express consignment couriers from places like China. Fentanyl is highly potent in trace amounts, and this problem is exacer-bated due to fentanyl being extremely difficult for our authorities to detect. That is why Congresswoman T
SONGAS  and I introduced the INTERDICT Act, a bipartisan piece of legislation that provides U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection access to the most effective chemical screening devices and sci-entific support to detect and intercept synthetic opioids before they can cause more harm. Mr. Speaker, the INTERDICT Act will ensure that CBP will have addi-tional portable chemical screening de-vices available at ports of entry and mail and express consignment facili-ties, along with additional fixed chem-ical screening devices available in CBP laboratories. It also provides CBP with sufficient resources, personnel, and facilities, in-cluding scientists available at all hours, to interpret screening test re-sults from the field and authorizes, based upon professional expertise, the appropriation of $9 million for hun-dreds of new screening devices, labora-tory equipment, facilities, and per-sonnel for support during all oper-ational hours. Combined, the additional chemical screening devices, scientists, and other resources will help safeguard CBP field personnel from exposure to fentanyl and other deadly synthetic opioids and narcotics and prevent their unlawful importation. As an EMT and former Federal drug prosecutor, I have seen firsthand the devastating impact of addiction in our communities and understand the in-creased danger added by synthetic opioids like fentanyl. Illicit fentanyl being trafficked into the United States poses a continued threat to the Amer-ican people. By passing this legislation, this body can follow through on its promise to the American people and align our pol-icy with the President’s Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis, which has prioritized reg-ulating the flow of fentanyl in its in-terim report. I urge all of my bipartisan Members of this House to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2142, the INTERDICT Act of 2017. H.R. 2142, the International Narcotics Traf-ficking Emergency Response by De-tecting Incoming Contraband with Technology Act, or the INTERDICT Act, is an important piece of legisla-tion in our ongoing fight to stop the flow of illicit opioids like fentanyl from places like China and Mexico. According to the CDC, the death rate from synthetic opioids, which includes drugs such as tramadol and fentanyl, increased by 72.2 percent from 2014 to 2015. In 2016, CBP seized nearly 200 pounds of fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, primarily from along the southwest border. This is 25-fold in-crease over seizures from the previous year. The INTERDICT Act before us today ensures that CBP will have the nec-essary tools to better combat the flow of these opioids. More specifically, this bill provides CBP high-tech chemical screening devices to help detect and interdict fentanyl and other illicit syn-thetic opioids. Additionally, the bill provides for the laboratory equipment, facilities, and personnel for support during all operational hours. This bill was passed by our com-mittee unanimously, and I commend the sponsors of this bill, the gentle-woman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SON-
GAS) and the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), for their lead-ership on this issue. I urge my colleagues to supports this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may con-sume to the gentlewoman from Massa-chusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2142, the INTERDICT Act, legislation I was pleased to introduce with Congressman F
ITZPATRICK . Whenever I meet with local public safety officials in my district, they ex-plain the urgent need for resources and support to combat drugs like fentanyl, which can be up to 50 times stronger than heroin and 100 times stronger than morphine. In Massachusetts, the proportion of overdose deaths attributed to fentanyl is rising at a meteoric rate. At its low-est, in the third quarter of 2014, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.026 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8059 October 23, 2017 
fentanyl was present in 18 percent of opioid-related deaths in Massachusetts; but by 2016, fentanyl was present in a staggering 69 percent of the State’s opioid-related deaths, resulting in 1,400 fentanyl-related deaths in the Com-monwealth, a staggering number. Although pharmaceutical fentanyl can be misused, most fentanyl deaths are linked to illicitly manufactured fentanyl and illicit versions of chemi-cally similar compounds. The primary source of fentanyl is outside of the United States, in Mexico or China. The drug is smuggled in across the U.S. border or delivered via mail or express consignment couriers. The INTERDICT Act will provide U.S. Customs and Border Protection with the latest in chemical screening devices to deploy across the United States to better detect and intercept fentanyl and other synthetic opioids. Furthermore, this legislation will en-sure that Customs and Border Protec-tion has the resources, personnel, and facilities—including scientists avail-able during all operational hours—to interpret screening test results from the field. These high-tech devices will also pro-tect law enforcement officers and their four-legged counterparts on the front lines from exposure to the deadly nar-cotic, which is so powerful that coming into contact with just a few grains can be fatal. I would like to thank the chairman and ranking member of the Homeland Security Committee for their support, and I also want to thank Mr. F
ITZPATRICK for his partnership on this legislation, as well as our colleagues in the Senate, Senators M
ARKEY , RUBIO, B
ROWN , and C APITO , for their bipartisan work on the Senate counterpart legis-lation. b1715 The Federal Government must do its part to ensure our first responders have the tools they need in this greatest of public health fights. The INTERDICT Act provides important and powerful resources in this endeavor, and I urge its adoption. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers. If the gentle-woman from California has no other speakers, I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2142 is an important piece of legislation that has strong bipartisan support. Passage of this bill will go a long way in our fight against opiates. As such, I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 2142. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 2142, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2142, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL SUBPOENA COM-PLIANCE AND ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4010) to amend the Revised Stat-utes of the United States and title 28, United States Code, to enhance compli-ance with requests for information pur-suant to legislative power under Arti-cle I of the Constitution, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4010 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Congres-sional Subpoena Compliance and Enforce-ment Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. ENFORCEMENT OF CONGRESSIONAL SUB-POENAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 85 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1365 the following: ‘‘§ 1365a. Congressional actions against sub-poena recipients ‘‘(a) S
PECIAL RULES .—In any civil action brought by the United States House of Rep-resentatives, the United States Senate, or a committee or subcommittee thereof, against the recipient of a subpoena to secure declara-tory, injunctive, or other relief as may be ap-propriate concerning the failure to comply with a subpoena issued by a congressional committee or subcommittee, the following rules shall apply: ‘‘(1) The action shall be filed in a United States district court of competent jurisdic-tion. ‘‘(2) It shall be the duty of the United States district courts, the United States courts of appeal, and the Supreme Court of the United States to advance on the docket and to expedite to the greatest possible ex-tent the disposition of any such action and appeal. ‘‘(3) If a three-judge court is expressly re-quested by the plaintiff in the initial plead-ing, the action shall be heard by a three- judge court convened pursuant to section 2284 of title 28, United States Code, and shall be reviewable only by appeal directly to the Supreme Court of the United States. Such appeal shall be taken by the filing of a notice of appeal within 10 days, and the filing of a jurisdictional statement within 30 days, of the entry of the final decision. ‘‘(b) M
ONETARY PENALTIES IN CASES IN-
VOLVING GOVERNMENT AGENCIES .— ‘‘(1) The court may impose monetary pen-alties directly against the head of a Govern-ment agency or a component thereof held to have willfully failed to comply with any part of a congressional subpoena. ‘‘(2) No appropriated funds, funds provided from any accounts in the Treasury, funds de-rived from the collection of fees, or other Government funds shall be used to pay any monetary penalty imposed by the court pur-suant to this section. ‘‘(c) WAIVER OF PRIVILEGE .—Any assertion of a privilege or other ground for noncompli-ance (whether statutory, common law, or otherwise) asserted by the recipient of a con-gressional subpoena may be determined to have been waived as to any particular record withheld from production if the court finds that the recipient failed in a timely manner to comply with the requirement of section 105 of the Revised Statutes of the United States that it produce a privilege log with respect to such record. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘Government agency’ means an executive department listed in section 101 of title 5, United States Code, an inde-pendent establishment, commission, board, bureau, division, or office in the executive branch, or other agency of the Federal Gov-ernment, including wholly or partly owned Government corporations.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 85 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1365 the fol-lowing: ‘‘1365a. Congressional actions against sub-poena recipients.’’. 
SEC. 3. COMPLIANCE WITH CONGRESSIONAL SUBPOENAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter seven of title II of the Revised Statutes of the United States (2 U.S.C. 191 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 105. RESPONSE TO CONGRESSIONAL SUB-POENAS. 
‘‘(a) S UBPOENA BY CONGRESSIONAL COM-
MITTEE .—Any recipient of any subpoena from a congressional committee or subcommittee shall appear and testify or produce records in a manner consistent with the subpoena and this section. ‘‘(b) C
ONGRESSIONAL SUBPOENAS FOR  R
ECORDS .— ‘‘(1) I
DENTIFICATION OF RECORDS WITH -
HELD .—In the case of a record that is with-held, in whole or in part, by the subpoena re-cipient, the subpoena recipient shall provide a log containing the following information concerning such record: ‘‘(A) An express assertion and description of the legal basis asserted for withholding the record. ‘‘(B) The type of record. ‘‘(C) The general subject matter. ‘‘(D) The date, author, and addressee. ‘‘(E) The relationship of the author and ad-dressee to each other. ‘‘(F) The custodian of the record. ‘‘(G) Any other descriptive information that may be produced or disclosed regarding the record that will enable the congressional committee or subcommittee issuing the sub-poena to assess the legal basis asserted for withholding the record. ‘‘(2) M
ISSING RECORDS .—In the case of any record responsive to the subpoena submitted under paragraph (1) that was, but no longer is, in the possession, custody, or control of the subpoena recipient, the subpoena recipi-ent shall identify the record (including the date, author, subject, and each recipient of the record) and explain the circumstances under which the record ceased to be in the possession, custody, or control of the sub-poena recipient. ‘‘(3) E
LECTRONIC RECORDS .—Electronic records shall be produced pursuant to this subsection in their native or original file for-mat. Electronic records shall be delivered on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.027 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8060 October 23, 2017 
a storage device (such as compact disk, memory stick, or thumb drive) and, to the extent feasible, shall be organized, identi-fied, and indexed electronically and shall in-clude an index describing the contents of the production. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion the term ‘record’ includes any books, papers, documents, data, or other objects re-quested in a subpoena issued by a congres-sional committee or subcommittee.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for chapter 7 of title II of the Re-vised Statutes of the United States is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘105. Response to congressional subpoenas.’’. 
SEC. 4. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be interpreted to diminish Congress’ inherent authority or previously established methods and practices for enforcing compliance with congressional subpoenas, nor shall anything in this Act be interpreted to establish Congress’ accept-ance of any asserted privilege or other legal basis for noncompliance with a congressional subpoena. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. I
SSA) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on H.R. 4010, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill comes to you, having been unanimously voted on a recorded vote out of committee, but it has been a long time in coming and it has a long history of its need. Both under Chairman C
ONYERS , during the last years of the Bush administration, and under my chairmanship on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, we discovered a flaw in Congress’ subpoena power. Congress has, and has always had, and has been supported all the way by the Supreme Court, the need to do oversight. With that, we issued sub-poenas. The enforcement of those sub-poenas has come into conflict over the last several years, both during Mr. C
ONYERS ’ chairmanship when he sub-poenaed Harriet Miers to appear, and during my time when I subpoenaed records by the Department of Justice. In both cases, the administrations de-cided that it was appropriate to ques-tion the standing and to delay. Those delays were unfair to the body and unfair to the American people be-cause it denied them in any reasonable period of time the effect of factfinding. This is not a partisan issue. It is, in fact, an issue that has already been de-cided for the American people. Under the Freedom of Information Act, if you do not receive documents within a rea-sonable period of time, you have the right to go to court. You have standing as a private citizen or an interest group, and the court will decide what documents are appropriate for you to receive. Yet this very question that was not once, but twice, defended by two dif-ferent administrations of two different parties calls into question the ability in a timely fashion for Congress, the House or the Senate, to receive the in-formation or the appearance of a wit-ness it needs. We do not seek any new power under this legislation. We only seek an expeditious review by a Fed-eral judge of a claim, either for the ap-pearance of an individual or for docu-ments appropriate to our oversight. For that reason, I am pleased that both Republicans and Democrats with-in the committee saw fit to unani-mously support this legislation. We be-lieve that it is measured and it is also time. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4010, the Congressional Sub-poena Compliance and Enforcement Act of 2017. My support of this legisla-tion is tied to my view of our commit-tee’s responsibility to conduct over-sight of the executive branch. Nearly a century ago in McGrain v. Daugherty, the United States Supreme Court framed that responsibility this way: ‘‘A legislative body cannot legis-late wisely or effectively in the ab-sence of information respecting the conditions which the legislation is in-tended to affect or change; and where the legislative body does not itself pos-sess the requisite information—which not infrequently is true—recourse must be had to others who possess it.’’ In other words, it is our responsi-bility to ask for the information we re-quire to do our jobs effectively, and the Constitution empowers us to enforce those requests if we are at first denied. We should be very clear on this point. Congress does not require a statute in order to enforce its subpoenas in Fed-eral court. We know this, of course, because in 2008, the House Judiciary Committee went to court to defend that authority. Ruling in favor of the committee, the court held that the Bush administra-tion’s claim of absolute immunity from our process ‘‘is entirely unsupported by existing case law.’’ In effect, both government officials and private individuals have a legal ob-ligation to comply with the duly issued congressional subpoena whether or not the bill before us today is enacted into law, still this legislation is useful as a means to codify certain practices and to expedite enforcement of subpoenas in Federal court. It also puts the House on equal foot-ing with the Senate, which has had a statute in place since 1978, allowing that body to enforce at least some of its subpoenas in Federal court. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman GOODLATTE for working with us to make sure that we strike the right bal-ance. This bill both protects our exist-ing authority and mitigates many con-cerns about abusive subpoena power by a runaway committee. I also want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. I
SSA) for his leadership on this issue. We often disagree about the issues we should prioritize for oversight, but I suspect that we stand together on the importance of oversight, both to our committee and to the Congress as a whole. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my col-leagues support the measure, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to further echo the gentleman from New York’s com-ments. Mr. N
ADLER is right. We will often, almost unanimously, find a way to disagree on what to look into at var-ious times as a body. But whether it is a Democratic chairman or Republican chairman looking into something, whether it is a Republican administra-tion or a Democratic administration, it is clear that we must, in fact, if a sub-poena is issued, be able to enforce it in a timely fashion. Under this legislation, it has a num-ber of safeguards, but the most impor-tant one is the three-judge panel that will review these, followed by an expe-dited process at the U.S. Supreme Court. I might note, the interesting history of the two cases Mr. N
ADLER and I are talking about is one in which a Demo-cratic chairman enforced a subpoena, but had to go to a recently appointed Republican judge, who, in a fairly rea-sonable period of time, reached the conclusion that: one, the committee had standing, and the House had stand-ing and; two, that it was really without merit for the administration—then the Bush administration—to claim this im-munity, this newfound immunity. Similarly, in a slightly longer period of time, but coincidentally, a Repub-lican chairman went before a freshly minted appointee of the very President who was refusing to comply, and she reached the decision that the docu-ments were unfairly withheld and or-dered them released. So I think the interesting thing to all of us is the independence of the ju-diciary has worked not once but twice. We only want to codify it in a way that would cause the judiciary to have that opportunity in a timely fashion, and for the people’s right to know to be recognized in that same expeditious fashion. As Mr. N
ADLER said, the Senate has, for a long time, had a portion of what we are doing here today. It is an oddity that two coequals have not had the same ability during those many years since the late 1970s. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.027 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8061 October 23, 2017 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to share one last thought be-fore closing. In our markup of this bill, the gentleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ) had this to say about a re-cent experience in the Intelligence Committee: ‘‘We had interviewed a witness just 2 weeks ago with respect to our Russia interference investigation. . . . ‘‘After the interview, he gave a pub-lic statement . . . and said that he had withheld information from the com-mittee because he was not under sub-poena. ‘‘And he also stated that he felt like he had certain privileges to assert that allowed him to withhold this informa-tion. ‘‘And so I saw right there . . . that even under a subpoena, individuals be-lieve’’—some individuals believe— ‘‘that without necessarily having a ju-dicial or legal basis for privilege that they could just assert it. ‘‘And I believe that is because the public is starting to perceive that our subpoena power does not have the weight that it should.’’ Wherever the Intelligence Commit-tee’s investigation lands, Mr. Speaker, we have a great deal of work to do. Given some of our current challenges, it is more important than ever for the House to conduct substantive oversight of the executive branch. This bill con-tributes to that effort, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, urge the House to pass this bill, move it to the Senate in a timely fashion, and create an equal standing between the House and the Senate as to enforcement of its subpoenas. I join with my colleague, the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ), in the frustration that in-dividuals often feel that they have privileges in a vague sense that are not to be asserted, but simply not to occur. In the last administration, we have even had individuals claim that they basically lied as little as they needed to, to protect some question of a classi-fied nature. These kinds of claims, in addition to the law enforcement sen-sitive, confidential, and other security clearance claims, which are not codi-fied in statute, yet often are the reason for delay or outright refusal to deliver documents, flies in the face of the abil-ity—sometimes behind closed doors, sometimes in public—for Congress’ ability to conduct oversight. I look for-ward to this legislation becoming law, and I think I will close with just one more item. Mr. N
ADLER and I have served to-gether as chairman and ranking mem-ber for a number of years. We share something which is the many years that we have been here in Congress, we have seen the frustration of both par-ties trying to do their job against an-other branch that often takes advan-tage of the natural rivalry between two different parties. This legislation is designed to reduce that, to reduce the ability for the exec-utive branch or other outside groups to, if you will, take advantage of the natural division between the two of us. After so many years of being here, the one thing I have learned is that to di-minish the House’s and the Senate’s ability to represent the American peo-ple is to diminish our Republic. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, although the power of Congress to investigate is not set forth in any particular clause in the Constitu-tion, congressional investigations trace their roots back to the earliest days of our Republic. In fact, what is thought to be the first congres-sional investigation occurred in 1792, when the House appointed a select committee to in-vestigate the massacre of American troops under the command of Major General Arthur St. Clair. The resolution authorizing that inves-tigation stated that the committee shall ‘‘be empowered to call for such persons, papers, and records, as may be necessary to assist their inquiries.’’ Upon learning of the investigation, President Washington assembled his cabinet to seek their counsel. His cabinet, which included Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton, unanimously concluded that the House had every right to conduct its inquiry and request papers from the President. President Wash-ington directed that the relevant papers be provided to the House and the War and Treasury Departments provided voluminous records to the committee. Unfortunately, not all congressional inves-tigations are met with the cooperation the first investigation received. Rather, sometimes Congress and its committees must rely on an-other inherent power derived from the Con-stitution to investigate effectively—the con-gressional subpoena power. As the Supreme Court has observed, al-though ‘‘there is no [constitutional] provision expressly investing either house with the power to make investigations and exact testi-mony . . . the power of inquiry—with process to enforce it—is an essential and appropriate auxiliary to the legislative function. . . . Expe-rience has taught that mere requests for infor-mation often are unavailing . . . so some means of compulsion are essential to obtain what is needed.’’ That means of compulsion is often a sub-poena issued by a congressional committee backstopped by a civil action filed in federal district court. In recent years, the House and its committees have pursued two such civil ac-tions, including one filed by this Committee, to enforce compliance with congressional sub-poenas. The legislation we are considering today, the Congressional Subpoena Compliance and Enforcement Act, codifies and strengthens the existing civil enforcement mechanisms thereby reinforcing the powers granted Congress in Article I of the Constitution. This legislation creates a statutory framework for compliance with and enforcement of congressional sub-poenas through a few targeted changes to federal law. First, the bill puts in place a statutory re-quirement that recipients comply with congres-sional subpoenas. Second, the bill statutorily requires subpoena recipients to provide a con-gressional committee with a privilege log if they assert a legal privilege as a reason for withholding subpoenaed materials. Finally, the bill provides that congressional subpoena en-forcement cases are to receive expedited re-view in the federal courts and that a congres-sional committee may request that a sub-poena enforcement case be heard by a three- judge panel of the district court, with direct ap-peal to the Supreme Court. While it is true that some of what is ad-dressed by the bill is currently covered through negotiation with subpoena recipients and is recognized in the precedents of courts in the D.C. Circuit, the current statutory re-quirements related to compliance with and en-forcement of a committee subpoena are lim-ited. Indeed, the existing civil subpoena en-forcement statute only covers the Senate and does not apply to Senate subpoenas issued to the Executive Branch. It is time that we put in place a statutorily created, expedited civil en-forcement mechanism for congressional sub-poenas. Relying on the existing framework to enforce congressional subpoenas has proved to be an inadequate means of protecting con-gressional prerogatives. I thank Mr. ISSAfor introducing this legisla-tion and urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. This bill is a necessary step to strengthen Congress’s ability to exer-cise its Article I legislative powers. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. I
SSA) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4010, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 29 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 3551; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.032 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8062 October 23, 2017 
The motion to suspend the rules and pass S. 504; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
C-TPAT REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3551) to amend the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 to reauthorize the Customs- Trade Partnership Against Terrorism Program, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 402, nays 1, not voting 29, as follows: 
[Roll No. 569] YEAS—402 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—29 
Barletta Bass Blackburn Blumenauer Bridenstine Buchanan Butterfield Carson (IN) Clay Culberson DeSantis Duffy Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Granger Gutie´rrez Huizenga Long Lowenthal Pingree Renacci Ross Rush Ryan (OH) Sires Trott Williams Wilson (FL) Yarmuth b1853 Mr. RICE of South Carolina changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ASIA-PACIFIC ECONOMIC COOPERA-TION BUSINESS TRAVEL CARDS ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 504) to permanently authorize the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Program, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 401, nays 2, not voting 29, as follows: 
[Roll No. 570] YEAS—401 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.034 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8063 October 23, 2017 
Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Gohmert Jones 
NOT VOTING—29 
Barletta Bass Blackburn Blumenauer Bridenstine Buchanan Butterfield Carson (IN) Clay Culberson DeSantis Duffy Franks (AZ) Granger Gutie´rrez Huizenga Long Lowenthal Pingree Pittenger Renacci Ross Rush Ryan (OH) Sires Trott Williams Wilson (FL) Yarmuth b1901 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 236, nays 158, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 36, as follows: 
[Roll No. 571] YEAS—236 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Beatty Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Budd Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Cleaver Clyburn Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conyers Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Evans Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Green, Al Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (MN) Lipinski Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Rothfus Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Takano Taylor Thornberry Tiberi Titus Torres Tsongas Vela Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—158 
Aguilar Amash Babin Barr Barraga´n Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Blum Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Cheney Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crist Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham Diaz-Balart Esty (CT) Faso Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Gomez Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Grothman Hanabusa Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight LaHood Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Lee Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marshall Mast Matsui McGovern McKinley Meehan Murphy (FL) Neal Noem Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rutherford Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Sewell (AL) Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Soto Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Weber (TX) Westerman Woodall Yoder Young (AK) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Rice (SC) Tonko 
NOT VOTING—36 
Barletta Bass Blackburn Blumenauer Bridenstine Buchanan Burgess Butterfield Carson (IN) Clay Culberson DeSantis Duffy Franks (AZ) Gohmert Granger Grijalva Gutie´rrez Huizenga Jones Long Lowenthal Mullin Pingree Quigley Renacci Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sires Trott Williams Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
b1909 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on October 23, 2017, I missed rollcall votes 569, 570, and 571 for health reasons. Had I been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.030 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8064 October 23, 2017 
present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 569, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 570, and ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 571. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 469, SUNSHINE FOR REGULA-TIONS AND REGULATORY DE-CREES AND SETTLEMENTS ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 732, STOP SETTLEMENT SLUSH FUNDS ACT OF 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 115–363) on the resolution (H. Res. 577) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 469) to impose certain limitations on consent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 732) to limit do-nations made pursuant to settlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLU-TION OF INQUIRY TO THE PRESI-DENT Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Natural Resources, submitted an ad-verse privileged report (Rept. No. 115– 364) on the resolution (H. Res. 555) of inquiry requesting the President and directing the Secretary of the Interior to transmit, respectively, certain docu-ments and other information to the House of Representatives relating to the executive order on the review of designations under the Antiquities Act, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING FORMER CONGRESSMAN JERRY KLECZKA (Ms. MOORE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise, along with the Wisconsin delegation, to honor the former Congressman, Jerry Kleczka, my predecessor, who passed away on October 8, 2017, at the age of 73. He was a very serious, hardworking legislator who served on the Ways and Means Committee. He had a strong work ethic. He was a particularly fan-tastic steward of our seniors, and he was proud to serve the people of Wis-consin’s Fourth Congressional District. I am pleased to stand here with my colleagues from the Wisconsin delega-tion to honor his service to our Nation, to the State of Wisconsin, and to the Fourth Congressional District, and I ask our colleagues to join us in a mo-ment of silence. HONORING THE LIFE OF FALLEN HERO, SERGEANT LA DAVID TERRENCE JOHNSON (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, it is with my deepest sympathy that I rise today to recognize the tragic loss of Sergeant La David Terrence John-son, one of four brave U.S. Special Forces soldiers—and you see them here listed—killed during an ambush in Niger on October 4 as a result of enemy fire. Sergeant Johnson was a proud south Floridian, a decorated soldier, having been awarded several honors, and well- loved throughout our community. Sergeant Johnson was a loving hus-band to his wife, Myeshia, and a de-voted father to their wonderful chil-dren, Ah’Leeysa Jones and La David Johnson, Jr. He leaves behind a baby girl due in January. Sergeant Johnson will always be re-membered as a loyal family man, a dedicated soldier who made the ulti-mate sacrifice for our country. I offer my deepest sympathy to Ser-geant Johnson’s mourning family, friends, and loved ones. Godspeed to Sergeant La David Ter-rence Johnson. f 
b1915 OPPOSE CAPS ON 401(K) CONTRIBUTIONS (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, recent media reports have suggested that the House will consider a plan to cap employees’ 401(k) contributions as part of tax reform. I urge all my col-leagues in the strongest possible terms to reject this proposal. This cap on 401(k) contributions would present a crippling and unnecessary burden on working families across the country by making it harder for everyday Ameri-cans to save for retirement. There is already growing bipartisan opposition to this proposal as Presi-dent Trump tweeted against it this morning, and in September, the major-ity leader said that this plan would punish people when they are actually saving for their own retirement. I agree with the majority leader. Working families already face enor-mous challenges in saving for retire-ment. This proposal would create an-other, and I urge all of my colleagues to strongly oppose it. 
f 
THANKING GOOD KARMA ANIMAL RESCUE (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Good Karma Animal Rescue of Minnesota in Maple Grove and their animal efforts in southern Texas after Hurricane Har-vey. After Harvey made landfall at the end of August, Good Karma Animal Rescue made two separate rescue at-tempts within a 2-week period south of Houston to the communities of Vic-toria and Rockport, Texas. Good Karma Animal Rescue, led by Lisa Booth, rescued over 50 animals— ranging in all shapes, sizes, and ages— and brought them back to Minnesota to be treated for various ailments and prepare them for adoption by Min-nesota families. Mr. Speaker, the Twin Cities commu-nity loves rescue animals, and I want to thank Good Karma Animal Rescue for their work to find homes for these pets that were left behind in the recent tragic storms. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF GARRETT PAIZ (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of a local hero, Garrett Paiz, a Mecca native and firefighter, killed in the line of duty while fighting fires in northern California on October 16 at the age of 38. I grew up with Garrett’s family. Gar-rett embodied the best values of serv-ice and sacrifice. He put others above self, willing to rush toward danger when others ran from it. He traveled to northern California with firefighters from around the country to battle the deadly fires threatening so many homes and families. Being a firefighter was his lifelong dream. He was humble, hardworking, and de-voted to his family, and he was always smiling and laughing. Garrett had an adventurous nature and kind heart. He was always willing to do whatever was needed to take care of others. I join my wife, Monica, and the en-tire 36th Congressional District to mourn this heartbreaking loss and honor Garrett’s legacy. To his wife, Bobbie; daughter, Terri Ann; parents, Judi and Armando; brother, Carlos; and sister, Cinthia; and the rest of the extended Paiz fam-ily, we support you, and we honor Gar-rett’s dedication to selfless service. His life and sacrifice will never be forgot-ten. 
f 
EAGLE SCOUT COMMUNITY SERVICE PROJECT OF THE YEAR (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Boy Scouts of America Leatherstocking Council. For more than 100 years the Boy Scouts of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.032 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8065 October 23, 2017 
America have molded young boys into men of character, compassion, and commitment. Last week, I had the honor of attend-ing their annual leadership dinner, where four of our local Eagle Scouts— Nathaniel Degear of DeRuyter, Devyn Guy of Middleburgh, Paul White of Clinton, and Gannon Frisbee of Downsville—were honored as finalists for the Eagle Project of the Year. The four finalists represented more than 120 new Eagle Scouts, who gave over 2,500 hours in service to our community. It was an honor to finally present Gannon Frisbee with the Eagle Scout Community Service Project of the Year Award. Gannon began his project intending to upgrade lighting and wall decor at a local American Legion. Soon after beginning his project, Gannon realized the building’s struc-tural integrity was at risk. Gannon worked tirelessly to repair the walls and the floor of the American Legion. His project was critical in ensuring that the American Legion was able to return to normal operations. These young men offer us a glimpse into the Boy Scouts’ outstanding tradi-tion of service and commitment to community. They are truly a testa-ment to the strength and the potential of America’s next generation of lead-ers. 
f 
GO HOUSTON ASTROS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, go Astros. In the aftermath of Hurricane Har-vey, so many impacted, our boys of summer brought it home this weekend. In the words of David Barron: ‘‘With their season on the line, the Astros drew comfort from the familiar ground on which they stood, the sea of noise that greeted their every move, and the collective will that exemplifies the way they played and the city they rep-resent.’’ Astros strong, Houston strong. I am so delighted to have a friendly wager with a dear friend. I don’t know for how long. I think he represents the Brooklyn—oh, the Los Angeles Dodg-ers. I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia, and whether he will accept this friendly wager, I offer you Texas bar-becue, Congressman J
IMMY GOMEZ . Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman. In the spirit of good sportsmanship, I accept the gentlewoman’s wager and the barbecue that I will get to enjoy next week. The Houston Astros are an amazing team, with 101 wins, but the Dodgers are better, with 104. I know that the Astros stumbled across that finish line to make it to the World Series. I know it is going to be a hell of a game be-tween the two teams. If we lose, I will bring some French dip sandwiches from the Louisiana in-stitution, Philippe’s, in downtown Los Angeles. Let the best team win. Play ball. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Reclaiming my time, barbecue is good everywhere in Texas. Where there is a will, there is a way. The Astros have the will and the way. Go Astros. f 
GO LOS ANGELES DODGERS (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Los Angeles Dodgers for winning the National League Champion Series. They will ap-pear in the World Series for the first time in 29 years. I hope they win it all. Earlier this year, I had the honor of wearing the Dodgers uniform to the Congressional Baseball Game. I am a huge fan, and we Angelinos love our Dodgers. When I was a kid, as my father bat-tled Parkinson’s disease, we watched every game together. It was our bond-ing time. As we watch the game this week, may every kid enjoy our national pas-time with a loved one—in person or in spirit. Go Dodgers. 
f 
CONGRATULATING FORT LEE ON 100 YEARS OF SERVICE (Mr. M
CEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of the 100th anniversary of the United States Army’s Fort Lee in Prince George County, Virginia. The fort that we know today began as Camp Lee in 1917. Camp Lee served as a training base for hundreds of thou-sands of our country’s bravest as they prepared for service in World Wars I and II, a tradition that has continued ever since, often in pathbreaking ways. In the late 1940s, Camp Lee became the home of the Women’s Army Corp Training Center, which established a high-quality training facility for women who wished to serve their coun-try. Mr. Speaker, Fort Lee continues to prepare men and women for their serv-ice as the home to the Combined Arms Support Command, the U.S. Army Ord-nance School, the U.S. Army Quarter-master School, the U.S. Army Trans-portation School, and roughly 20 other organizations and units. Today and every day, we are grateful to all who have served at Fort Lee for a combined 100 years of dedication and honorable service. 
f 
CONTINUE PROVIDING AID TO PUERTO RICO (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, Friday marked 1 month since Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico. According to my constituents, cur-rent conditions are as follows: more than 1 million Americans there lack access to clean water; mothers cannot make infant formula; people are get-ting sick from infected water; and nearly 80 percent of the island still lacks electricity. Struggles are everywhere: where there is help trickling in, there are lines, always lines; supplies simply aren’t enough; medical facilities are running on hope; there is no reliable means of communication, so people cannot even register for aid; entire communities are cut off from modern civilization; millions desperately need assistance. President Trump visited the island for as long as it takes to play a round a golf, and he went to the wealthiest part of the capital city. Last week, he granted himself a perfect score for his response to the devastation. But the Trump administration continues to fail our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, 3.4 million Americans live in Puerto Rico, and they deserve our full support. Mr. President, can’t you at least air- drop fresh water packets, food provi-sions, and telephones? Our military can do this anywhere in the world, why not Puerto Rico? f 
RECOGNIZING THOSE WHO HELPED IN CALIFORNIA WILDFIRES (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, Cali-fornia, northern California, where I am from, has been suffering, as so many people know, from devastating fires these last few weeks. I think it is very appropriate to point out the incredible efforts of our first responders and our firefighters in saving so much valuable property and the lives that have been saved, as well as citizens pulling to-gether to help each other. We see the best in Americans during these times of crisis, and that has not gone unnoticed in northern California as well. Our hearts are with those folks who have suffered losses and more loss of life than could be imagined in mod-ern-day America with all the fire-fighting apparatus and prevention we have. Still, it shows you have to have preparedness; you have to have defen-sible space; and you have to be ready, at any given time, during this type of fire season. Again, our hats are off to our first re-sponders and our firefighters for the amount of property and lives they have been able to save under these condi-tions. God bless them. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF PATH (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.041 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8066 October 23, 2017 
minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, tomor-row is United Nations Day. As we re-flect on the value of global partner-ships to solve problems, I want to rec-ognize the 40th anniversary of the international global health organiza-tion known as PATH, Program for Ap-propriate Technology and Health. PATH is headquartered in Seattle, and since its founding, it has been an incredible force for good. It is a place that I had the opportunity to work at for many years in the 1990s. PATH works in more than 70 coun-tries, improving health for 150 million people each year. PATH has made a dif-ference in countless lives, from stop-ping preventable deaths of mothers and children to keeping people safe from infectious disease outbreaks. PATH has also helped make Wash-ington State a global center of develop-ment for lifesaving health equity, inno-vations, and solutions. In 2013 alone, this global health industry generated $5.8 billion in direct economic impact and employed more than 12,500 people. PATH collaborates with govern-ments, the private sector, and NGOs to advance more than 100 health strate-gies and technologies. It has saved $14 million per year doing things like pre-venting undamaged vaccines from being discarded. Congratulations to PATH. 
f 
b1930 TAX REFORM (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, this House and its committees will discuss what is being called tax reform, what is being told to the American public is a middle class tax break. Well, I am here to tell you it is a con job. It is a tax giveaway to the wealthi-est people in this country like never before at the expense of people in the middle class, lesser incomes, who will not get benefits, and if they do, it is chump change. It is the change you give somebody at a restaurant when you get your meal. Billionaires will get to get away without having to pay an estate tax, like Donald Trump—billions of dollars they will not have to pay to the gov-ernment to help fund Pell grants, LIHEAP, and other programs that help people who need something. That is something they will not come off of. They may raise a little rate and say: We are going to put a little higher rate on the wealthy because it is not in there now. They may say: Give the State and local income tax exemptions back. But they are not going to go back on the estate tax because that is for the superwealthy, and that is who this bill is for. Wake up America. It is a con job. CIVIL RIGHTS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MAST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) is rec-ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to co-anchor this CBC Special Order hour. Also, I want to acknowledge the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, Mr. C
EDRIC RICHMOND , from the State of Louisiana, and other Members who are here to participate. For the next 60 minutes, we have a chance to speak di-rectly to the American people on issues of great importance to the Congres-sional Black Caucus, the constituents that we all represent in our various districts. For this particular Special Order hour, I am going to open it up and begin to talk about something that is very important and has been widely discussed within the Congressional Black Caucus, and that is civil rights and some of the things that we are worried about that are going on within the Justice Department. We have several important Members here to speak on these. Before I go any further, I want to go ahead and recog-nize them. The first speaker we have is from the State of South Carolina, rep-resenting that State’s Sixth Congres-sional District, and also our caucus’ as-sistant leader. That is Mr. J
IMCLY-
BURN . I thank Representative C
LYBURN for joining and being a part of this Special Order hour to talk about this subject matter that is very important to so many members of the Black Caucus. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ). (Mr. CLYBURN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding to me. I also thank him and our colleague, Congresswoman E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON, for joining me at the Center for African American Studies at the Uni-versity of Texas at Arlington last Thursday evening. It was a wonderful experience for me. President Vistasp Karbhari, Dr. Jason Skelton, and my longtime friend, Dr. Marvin Delaney, were perfect hosts. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month, Ser-geant La David T. Johnson died a hero’s death in a distant land on a mis-sion few Americans know about or un-derstand. This weekend, his grieving family, including his pregnant wife, took him to his final resting place in Florida. Sergeant Johnson’s tragic death leaves this young family father-less. Mr. Speaker, in his second inaugural address, President Abraham Lincoln called on our Nation to endeavor to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his or-phan. Unfortunately, rather than comfort Sergeant Johnson’s grieving family, the current occupant of the White House has chosen to use them as his latest prop in his constant effort to sow discord and division in this coun-try. The President and White House Chief of Staff John Kelly, who happens to be a four-star general, have insulted and smeared an honorable public servant who happens to be a five-star Congress-woman, and, in effect, called her and her grieving widow constituent liars. Congresswoman FREDERICA S. W ILSON  has been a champion for the people of south Florida for decades. It is no mys-tery—and it was not political—that she was accompanying Mrs. Johnson and her family to receive her husband’s re-mains. She had mentored Sergeant Johnson throughout his childhood. I have participated in several of Con-gresswoman W
ILSON ’s 500 Role Models events and have spoken for one of their graduations. I also wear this red tie to this floor helping her highlight their efforts. Her passionate work on behalf of those kidnapped girls of Boko Haram is unmatched. As the husband of a five-star African- American woman for more than 56 years and the father of three African- American daughters who are working hard to earn their stars every day, I feel compelled to respond to General Kelly and completely disregard his concocted misrepresentations. Mr. Speaker, we can have political differences here in Washington. That comes with the territory. But people need to have the common decency and basic humanity to refrain from exacer-bating the pain of those already suf-fering so much. I was taught from childhood that silence gives consent. I want the White House to know this: I and the members of the Congressional Black Caucus will not be silent, and we will not be silenced. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ) very much for his time-ly and very serious comments. I hope that all of the Members who are here on both sides of the aisle realize the se-riousness of the comments. There is nothing humorous about them all, nothing to be smiling or laughing about. It is very timely in light of the unfortunate incident that happened with our colleague. I thank the gen-tleman very much for bringing that to light. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to my fellow Texan from the 18th Congressional Dis-trict in Houston. I thank very much 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.043 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8067 October 23, 2017 
Representative S HEILA JACKSON LEEfor joining us this evening. We look for-ward to the gentlewoman’s words. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the manager, Mr. V
EASEY , for his leadership, his sensitivities, his sensibilities, and his empathy, knowing his distinguished wife and the leader-ship she gives to the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation. I am sure that there are many women in the gen-tleman’s family, and I know that he has a great honor and respect for them. It is appropriate to follow the leader, Mr. C
LYBURN , who is vested in the sto-ried history of African Americans from the East to the West, North to the South. He often diminishes his status by saying that he was raised in a parish house, but when he eloquently rises to the floor to defend, all eyes and all ears are tuned to him. Now, I want to adhere to our discus-sion today because it is extremely im-portant, and to also acknowledge my colleagues. So let me hurry through my comments. I do want to acknowl-edge the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, C
EDRIC RICHMOND . I thank the women of the caucus for their eloquent and pointed statement regarding the series of events that has occurred. Let me, first of all, say that our topic today deals with a retracing of the hor-rible history that was perpetrated under FBI Director Hoover for the dec-ades that he served in that capacity. So as I label what it is, let me just for a moment deviate to what happened this weekend. I believe that the FBI personnel, through much of its history, were mostly men—fine men—who wanted to protect this Nation. But you see, Mr. Speaker, I have firsthand knowledge of the devastation of FBI surveillance way before the word ‘‘ter-rorism’’ became part of our normal dis-cussion or language. So I want to put a pause there and say that in the history of African Americans, we have been subjected to name-calling. That is what happens to you when, in the Constitution, you are not a complete human being. That is what happens to you even after the Emancipation Proclamation and the short-lived Reconstruction, the Nation rushed toward the hanging fruit, Jim Crowism, and the rampant murder of African Americans in the Deep South, some of the very States in which the President stood and called young Afri-can-American men sons of Bs. There is another name-calling. So it seems that even as we have gone through the transition of freedom and we came through the 20th century with civil rights, and then affirmative ac-tion, that name-calling seems to be the welcomed and accepted tactic to use with people of color and, in this in-stance, African Americans. What would be the explanation for the unseemly events that occurred around a grieving mother, aunt, uncle, and a grieving widow with beautiful children who no longer have their dad? I offer my sympathy to Sergeants Wright, Black, La David Johnson, and Jeremiah Johnson. So how their loss, through no fault of their own, in the battle for this Nation turned into an ugly name-calling, I am baffled, except for the fact that it is easy to call African Americans names. It is easy for some White Americans to call African Americans names. When we are on the floor of the House and we say things that are unto-ward in some segments of the popu-lation, our phones ring off the hook with the N word, N word, N word. I don’t know how many of my friends who are not people of color—I am sure we all say things that people disagree with, and I don’t know whether they call up and call them White, White, White. You see, race is something that we are fearful of discussing, and that is be-cause the thought would be: Here she goes again. But there is a great love—my inter-action, my life’s history is with the di-versity of this world, from White Cau-casians, Anglos in Texas, to Hispanics, African Americans, Asians, and beyond in various religious. I feel comfortable in my soul. But this weekend was the most dif-ficult time for African-American women who are—in the category of casting, the caste system—at the bot-tom of the totem pole. Even today, the likes of Harriet Tubman, Sojourner Truth, Mae Jemison, Shirley Chisholm, Barbara Jordan, doctors, lawyers, and others, we are at the bottom. So there was much latitude—uncon-trolled latitude—in name-calling. Forty-five mentioning untoward words about our colleague, Congresswoman W
ILSON : name-calling. Nobody—there is no retribution or reprimand. None of his constituents would give a hoot. But it was name-calling. Mr. Speaker, you don’t know how many people stop me in airports, along the road, hurt and appalled. Let me just come to a close on that. First of all, Congressman C
LYBURN  has already given the attributes of Congresswoman W
ILSON . I do want to add that she is a principal. She is an old-fashioned principal, though she is a young woman. b1945 She loved her students. She imple-mented the 5000 Role Models. She took the children as family, and Sergeant David Johnson was one of those. So if people don’t understand the cultural distinctions in the African-American community, we are aunts and uncles without bloodline. We are Godparents. We are family. Her presence in that car was not as an interloper. She didn’t break the door down. She was in there as family. She was not eavesdropping. The phone was on. As indicated by Mrs. Johnson’s interview, she asked the phone to be put on speaker. It seems that her offense in breaking down moved the Representative to ar-ticulate, probably seeking some hu-manity, to say: Can you just, if you hear my words, apologize? That never happened. The untruth spread all over. You see, as an African- American woman, you don’t have to worry about saying the truth about us. We are various names—sons of Bs—and we have got all kinds of disturbing sit-uations going on with names that we can be called. And that is what this White House did. My dear friend, who I knew in the Southern Command, that is what hap-pens when you are here for just a few years. He had great leadership and loss. I was here when that happened. And I don’t want to spend a moment to di-minish his status as a Gold Star par-ent. He has a right to mourn and to speak of his loss. But then, when you are forced to step from that humble position over to an untruth, you can do it to a Black woman. They have no power. I can talk something that doesn’t have any truth, because I have to defend—and this is said lovingly—a White man who hap-pens to be in the Oval Office. We don’t count. We are the largest group of active, civic women in all kinds of organizations. If there is something being done—first of all, it is women overall, I love them all, but you will see the African-American woman— she is in there scrubbing, she is in there teaching, she is in there handling the religious institutions, she is stand-ing by babies, and she is standing by young people. She is a civil rights activist, she is a scientist, she is a doctor. She is presi-dent of various organizations. She is just in there. That is what happened that has brought me to this point that what we have now is so dangerous. I hope before the end of the week—maybe before the end of tomorrow—my good friend, Gen-eral Kelly, seeks to apologize for the distortion. He didn’t have to defend a person who does it in his own way and besmirch all of the Gold Star families and this young mother who has not been able to see her son. Mr. Speaker, I know there are many of us who served in this Congress who have seen their brethren fall. They have been injured. What is it like for their family not to be able to see the body? What is it like to know that the person’s body was not found for 48 hours? I am going to get to an end for my colleagues. I just want to say this. There are those of us who know about the African Command. There are those of us who know the soldiers there. The Congressional Black Caucus was in-strumental when George Bush said that an African Command needs to stand up when Charles Taylor was kill-ing his citizens in Liberia. I know it firsthand. I have been to all those countries. I know ISIL was con-nected with Boko Haram. We have been trying to say it, but people have deaf ears, maybe because it is Africa. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.045 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8068 October 23, 2017 
Now, all of a sudden we are awake. Congresswoman W
ILSON knew that. She has been there. We have been there. Why don’t people listen to Black women who know what they are talk-ing about, along with our distinguished colleagues? This document that I hold in my hand, ‘‘Black Identity Extremists Likely Motivated to Target Law En-forcement Officers,’’ I have a lot to say on, but I am going to summarize. As a member of the Judiciary Com-mittee, this is name-calling. We just got through a reckless weekend of name-calling of a distinguished Mem-ber of Congress. This is name-calling. This is the FBI defining BIEs as individuals who seek, through unlawful acts of force or vio-lence, a response to perceived racism and injustice. But do you know what will happen, Mr. Speaker? This will be a big fishnet: the high school student who is getting his fists up; the college student who is rallying around in opposition to rac-ism; the students down in Charlottes-ville who may believe they should stand up and be counted. I know this, Mr. Speaker, because, with a little bit of humor, I am young, going backwards, but I served on the Select Committee on Assassinations that investigated the assassination of Martin Luther King—the reopening of the investigation—along with John F. Kennedy. I was immersed in the files of COINTELPRO. I saw how the FBI dog-ged a modern-day prophet, a man who only wanted peace and believed in the beloved community. Yes, he was human. When you dog someone, you can find them throwing gum on a side-walk. Dr. Martin Luther King was sub-jected to the COINTEL program. It was dastardly and devastating, and may have been the basis of the loss of his life. If he was subjected to the COINTEL program, we always won-dered why he couldn’t have been in an-other hotel. So the danger of this document that has come under Donald Trump and not under any other President—not Bill Clinton, not George Bush, not Presi-dent Obama—as I understand it, but it came in August of this year, under President Trump, the same President who could find nothing distinctive be-tween the alt-right and racist vileness talking about Jews and Blacks and ev-erybody else in Charlottesville. There were good people on both sides. Now we have this document. Lo and behold, what other names of Black ac-tivists and African Americans still fighting the war of civil rights peace-fully may be caught up in this large net? Again, I want to be able to say my re-spect for the service of FBI agents. They are friends of mine. I am on the Judiciary Committee. They are friends to all of us. We continue to salute their service. But this document is a riotous document. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I include in the R ECORD : ‘‘The History of Surveil-lance and the Black Community.’’ It goes into the discussion. 
[From the Electronic Frontier Foundation, February 13, 2014] T
HEHISTORY OF SURVEILLANCE AND THE  B
LACK COMMUNITY  (By Dia Kayyali) February is Black History Month and that history is intimately linked with surveil-lance by the federal government in the name of ‘‘national security.’’ Indeed, the history of surveillance in the African-American com-munity plays an important role in the de-bate around spying today and in the calls for a congressional investigation into that sur-veillance. Days after the first NSA leaks emerged last June, EFF called for a new Church Committee. We mentioned that Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was one of the tar-gets of the very surveillance that eventually led to the formation of the first Church Com-mittee. This Black History Month, we should remember the many African-American activ-ists who were targeted by intelligence agen-cies. Their stories serve as cautionary tales for the expanding surveillance state. The latest revelations about surveillance are only the most recent in a string of peri-odic public debates around domestic spying perpetrated by the NSA, FBI, and CIA. This spying has often targeted politically unpopu-lar groups or vulnerable communities, in-cluding anarchists, anti-war activists, com-munists, and civil rights leaders. 60s. COINTELPRO, short for Counter Intel-ligence Program, was started in 1956 by the FBI and continued until 1971. The program was a systemic attempt to infiltrate, spy on, and disrupt activists in the name of ‘‘na-tional security.’’ While it initially focused on the Communist Party, in the 1960s its focus expanded to include a wide swathe of activists, with a strong focus on the Black Panther Party and civil rights leaders such as Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. FBI papers show that in 1962 ‘‘the FBI started and rapidly continued to gravitate toward Dr. King.’’ This was ostensibly be-cause the FBI believed black organizing was being influenced by communism. In 1963 FBI Assistant Director William Sullivan rec-ommended ‘‘increased coverage of com-munist influence on the Negro.’’ However, the FBI’s goal in targeting Dr. King was clear: to find ‘‘avenues of approach aimed at neutralizing King as an effective Negro lead-er,’’ because the FBI was concerned that he might become a ‘‘messiah.’’ The FBI subjected Dr. King to a variety of tactics, including bugging his hotel rooms, photographic surveillance, and physical ob-servation of King’s movements by FBI agents. The FBI’s actions went beyond spy-ing on Dr. King, however. Using information gained from that surveillance, the FBI sent him anonymous letters attempting to ‘‘blackmail him into suicide.’’ The agency also attempted to break up his marriage by sending selectively edited ‘‘personal mo-ments he shared with friends and women’’ to his wife. The FBI also specifically targeted the Black Panther Party with the intention of destroying it. They infiltrated the Party with informants and subjected members to repeated interviews. Agents sent anonymous letters encouraging violence between street gangs and the Panthers in various cities, which resulted in ‘‘the killings of four BPP members and numerous beatings and shoot-ings,’’ as well as letters sowing internal dis-sension in the Panther Party. The agency also worked with police departments to De-partment that aided in a raid on BPP leader Fred Hampton’s apartment. The raid ended with the Chicago Police shooting Hampton dead. The FBI was not alone in targeting civil rights leaders. The NSA also engaged in do-mestic spying that included Dr. King. In an eerily prescient statement, Senator Walter Mondale said he was concerned that the NSA ‘‘could be used by President ‘A’ in the future to spy upon the American people, to chill and interrupt political dissent.’’ The Church Committee was created in re-sponse to these and other public scandals, and was charged with getting to the bottom of the government’s surveillance overreach. In response to its findings, Congress passed new laws to provide privacy safeguards, in-cluding the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act. But ever since these safeguards were put in place, the intelligence commu-nity has tried to weaken or operate around them. The NSA revelations show the urgent need to reform the laws governing surveil-lance and to rein in the intelligence commu-nity. Today we’re responding to those domestic surveillance abuses by an unrestrained intel-ligence branch. The overreach we’ve seen in the past underscores the need for reform. Es-pecially during Black History Month, let’s not forget the speech-stifling history of US government spying that has targeted com-munities of color. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. It says: ‘‘We mentioned that Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was one of the targets of the very surveillance that eventually led to the formation of the first Church Committee. This Black History Month, we should remember the many African- American activists who were targeted by intelligence agencies. Their stories serve as cautionary tales for the ex-panding surveillance state.’’ Where are the conservatives to stand up against this document? We can be safe, we can have the First Amend-ment, and we speak our different issues, but now we are going to entrap African Americans—young men who are kneeling because of their concern for police reform and violence that has taken the lives of African-American young men. There are so many law enforcement officers who agree with me on the idea of police reform to help all of us work together. We are not divided, but we will stay divided with a document that is going to label us. Where is the document for the alt- right, the religious right, the White su-premacists? Where is that? When are we going to understand that the calling of names—in our com-munity, we call it calling me out of my name—by the majority community is a carryover from slavery and Jim Crow. I am saddened by the last couple of days of steering away from the mourn-ing of those wonderful heroes who re-flected the greatness of America. They reflected what young men and women do who are willing to sacrifice their lives. They go without a recognition of what color their fellow soldier is. We honor them with no distinction. That is what the last couple of days should have been about, as well as the loving care of that widow and the fami-lies of the other young men. Yet, in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.047 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8069 October 23, 2017 
spirit of the FBI COINTEL program, that may be the downfall, again, of those of us trying to heal and not re-flecting on how the best way to deal with those who would do us harm vio-lently, of which I stand against, we are now in the midst of name-calling. I go to my seat mourning. When is America going to change? On August 3, 2017, the FBI released their new ‘‘Intelligence Assessment’’ report entitled: Black Identity Extremists (BIE) Likely Moti-vated to Target Law Enforcement Officers’’. The FBI defines BIE as individuals who seek, through unlawful acts of force or vio-lence, a response to ‘‘perceived’’ racism and injustice in American society. The FBI also indicates, there is a desire for black physical or psychological separation based on religious or political beliefs grounded in racial superiority or supremacy. Blacks fought for America long before it was a country, prerevolutionary period, where dur-ing the first 100 years of conflict we stepped up; and will continue, for equality and justice. Blacks led civil rights movement winning double victories in both World War II and the Jim Crow era, forcing our then President Tru-man, to announced that ‘‘there are no justifi-able reasons for discrimination because of one’s ancestry, or religion, or race, or color of his skin.’’ Today, Trump’s FBI believes that the Afri-can American community’s reality is a mere perception as it relates to the racism and in-justice that plague our communities. Why? The FBI has consistently relied upon a flawed system to determine the number of people killed by officers. This flawed system is shaped by ‘‘voluntary law enforcement compli-ance’’—in other words, police departments need not report this stat. ‘‘The Counted’’ launched by the Guardian, is a public-service project tallying deaths of un-armed persons by law enforcement. They reached a tally of 1,068 at the start of 2015. Former FBI Director Comey said, this was embarrassing and unacceptable that a Guard-ian U.S. investigative unit had a better tally than his agency’s near 35,000 employees. There is no reliable mechanism to accu-rately depict the true dimensions of an epi-demic of lethal violence, force, and shootings committed by police across this country on un-armed civilians. The reality is Sandra Bland died while in the custody of law enforcement; Michael Brown was gunned down in the street by law en-forcement; Eric Garner died from a chokehold at the hands of law enforcement; Freddie Gray died while being transported in the custody of law enforcement; Tamir Rice was shot dead by a law enforcement officer previously deemed an emotionally unstable recruit and unfit for duty; and Laquan McDonald shot in the back and killed by law enforcement offi-cers. These are just a few of the innocent lives robbed and thus, gone too soon. These are the realities not perceptions that young activ-ists in their own modern ways represent, whether it’s marching, protesting with passion, or even taking a knee. They are protesting unapologetically with great passion and hunger for justice, but nonetheless, peacefully. They are not killing others who do not agree with them; nor are they inflicting violence due to religion, nationality and race. Therefore, it is highly insensitive, offensive and blatantly discriminative and unconstitu-tional to mount a counter intelligence program, now COINTELPRO 2.0, to once again, ag-gressively target a race that merely seeks jus-tice and equality it is entitled under our Con-stitution. According to sources close to the FBI, the term ‘‘Black Identity Extremists’’ did not exist before the Trump administration. The FBI named BIE, a major threat to national security and public safety, thereby, criminalizing black activism. The newly coined term, black identity ex-tremists (BIE) is such a vague terminology that it invites alarming abuse of a specific race’s constitutional rights based solely on an Administration’s disturbed and visceral ap-proach to race relations. Under FBI Director Edgar Hoover’s leader-ship, the Counter Intelligence Program (COINTELPRO), a covert, often illegal, cam-paign was mounted to break up the civil rights movement and ‘‘neutralize’’ activists they per-ceived as threatening. COINTELPRO was used to surveil and dis-credit civil rights activists, members of the Black Panther Party and any major advocates for the rights of black people in our nation’s history. COINTELPRO allowed the FBI to falsify let-ters in an effort to blackmail Martin Luther King Jr. into silence. This was such a disgraceful period in our nation’s history that our recent FBI Director, James Comey, kept a copy of a 1963 order authorizing Hoover to conduct round-the-clock surveillance of Martin Luther King Jr. on his desk as a reminder of Hoover’s abuses. The FBI’s dedicated surveillance of black activists follows a long history of the U.S. gov-ernment aggressively monitoring protest movements and working to disrupt civil rights groups, but the scrutiny of African Americans by a domestic terrorism unit was particularly alarming to some free speech campaigners. This administration continues the same vile tactics used in well-documented stories of civil rights leaders who were profiled, targeted and killed for insisting that black people receive equitable treatment under the law in a country whose Constitution guarantees it. Today the FBI continues its once intrusive, abhorrent and illegal targeting of black activ-ists by labeling the Black Lives Matter move-ment as BIE. We know that the Department of Homeland Security has been surveilling Black Lives Mat-ter activists since 2014, but there’s no way to know what’s next. With this recent report, the FBI has legiti-mized the idea that black activism is a threat and should be treated accordingly, with violent force. Despite Charlottesville and all the other harms inflicted by emboldened white national-ists, the FBI has instead, chosen to target a group of American citizens whom merely decry the injustice seen and felt throughout their communities. Despite numerous unarmed black individ-uals, particularly, young black men that are disproportionately the victims of police shoot-ings, the FBI would like us to believe this is not a reality. Instead, the FBI’s report claims there is a danger in black activism by asserting that vio-lence inflicted on black people at the hands of police is ‘‘perceived’’ or ‘‘alleged,’’ not real. This month the Congressional Black Caucus has written to the FBI Director, Christopher Wray, to express our concern over the recent ‘‘Intelligence Assessment’’ report. We have requested a briefing on both the origins of its research and the FBI’s next in-tended step based on its findings. No re-sponse as of date. We should be allowed to exercise our con-stitutional and fundamental rights of free speech. We should not be restricted and criminalized when we demand that those we elect to office exercise justice and fairness. This FBI report will further inflame an al-ready damaged police/community relation under the leadership of Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Sessions has dismantled all the safeguards installed under Attorney General Holder’s leadership, thus, returning our justice system to the broken system under Ashcroft. Session has unleashed a merciless ap-proach to ‘‘all’’ crimes including low level drug- related cases, and demands that his attorneys prosecute every case to the fullest extent of the law. In doing so, Session has taken away any prosecutorial discretion once available to pros-ecutors throughout our justice system under U.S. law. The FBI in this Trump Administration has re-turned to the era of Director Edgar Hoover, in their unleashing of this damaging, discrimina-tive, and unconstitutional COINTELPRO 2.0. With these lethal forms of attacks on the Af-rican American community from both the DOJ and the FBI, where is justice? Mr. VEASEY. I thank my colleague from the 18th Congressional District for her comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ), my friend and classmate who represents the 10th Congressional District. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from the Lone Star State, my classmate, Congressman V
EASEY , for hosting tonight’s Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that we find ourselves in this position where the lines are being so blurred that Gold Star families have come into this polit-ical discussion and are being dragged into this, unwillingly, over the past several days. I have great respect for General Kelly and was very delighted to see him get the job as Chief of Staff so that he could maybe bring some semblance of calm and normalcy to the White House, but it seems like he has been infected by the disease that is the scourge in the White House. There is no reason for him to fab-ricate what one of our colleagues said. The videotape is there. She never did one thing that General Kelly said she did on that fateful day in the dedica-tion to that FBI building. I don’t understand what is going on with people these days, but these are the times we find ourselves in. Mr. Speaker, as much as we would like to live in a colorblind society, in an America where people should be judged by the content of their char-acter and not the color of their skin, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.049 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8070 October 23, 2017 
we aren’t there yet. Race, unfortu-nately, still matters. Juries devalue Black lives by pun-ishing offenders more harshly when their victims are White than when their victims are Black. Police are more likely to use force when inter-acting with Black people than when interacting with White people. Emer-gency room doctors are less likely to prescribe pain medication to Black pa-tients than to Whites. Results from psychological studies of racial bias have shown that nearly 90 percent of the White people in the United States who have taken the im-plicit-association test have an inherent racial preference for White people over Black people. Oh, yes, race matters in America, and we have got to talk about it. It should not take a crisis for the United States to discuss race and the effects of stereotypes that are baked into our national cultural. We should not have to wait for a police officer to shoot an unarmed Black man before we discuss how negative stereotypes about Black people affect snap judgments. b2000 It should not take mass murder in a Bible study to get us talking about how negative stereotypes of Black peo-ple in social media help White su-premacists rationalize their racism. Back in 1997, Professor Jody David Armour warned us that bad actors would try to make racism seem reason-able. Professor Armour wrote a book called ‘‘Negrophobia.’’ In it, he pre-dicted that ‘‘perhaps the gravest threat today to progress toward racial justice comes from the right-wing ideologues bent on convincing White people of good faith that negative stereotypes about Blacks are justified.’’ Professor Armour told us to look out for people trying ‘‘to prove that Blacks are inherently less intelligent and more violent than Whites.’’ And he ex-plained that these people would try to make racism seem rational by using discredited studies, unscientific experi-ments, and cooked statistics. What have we seen on our social media over the past few years? We have seen that negrophobia is alive and well in the United States, and social media is its enabler. People like the President have used social media to spread cooked statis-tics and outright lies to rationalize the racist stereotypes that Black people are inherently violent. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will suspend. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. The gentleman may proceed. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, countries like Russia have used social media to fuel racial tensions in America’s com-munities, and White supremacists have used social media to organize their hate. We must not be afraid to ask: What role has Facebook played in fueling ne-grophobia in America? Facebook was born in an age of diver-sity, but it was not born with a com-mitment to diversity. Only 3 in every 100 Facebook employees are African American. The company has no Black execu-tives, and it has no Black board mem-bers. The company’s global director of diversity has said that hiring women and people of color is complicated. Its chief executive officer, Sheryl Sandberg, has promised that Facebook would hire a Black board member sometime soon. Why has it taken so long? Why have minority voices been left out of the es-sential media development? Has Facebook’s failure to value minority voices inside the company made Facebook an online megaphone for rac-ist voices outside the company? Facebook’s algorithms have the power to affect the way Americans think about Black people, for better or worse. When Facebook accepts money from foreign actors who want to ex-ploit racial tensions in the United States, Facebook perpetuates negro-phobia. By the same token, Facebook’s algo-rithms could weaken negrophobia by enhancing positive messages that chal-lenge people to reexamine and resist discriminatory responses, but that will require Facebook to fully commit to diversity right now, not sometime in the future. Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Black Caucus met with Facebook a week ago in terms of these negative ads that were found out to be bought by Russian actors and spending $100,000 in doing so, and buying fake ‘‘Black Lives Mat-ter’’ responses and ads and ‘‘anti-Black Lives Matter’’ ads to continue to fuel this division in our country. If countries are able to see a weak-ness in our fabric in this Nation, then they will exploit it. We have to come together as Americans and understand that our issues are something that we have to deal with and look each other in the face and have an honest discus-sion about. No one is perfect. No one is saying that one side is worse than the other, but we need to come together as a unit, as this great experiment called the United States was meant to be, that all men are created equal and endowed with certain inalienable rights—all Americans, not just some—and we con-tinue to strive towards that goal, to-wards that utopia in this country. This is the greatest country in the world, and we all know it here because we benefit from it, but we have a long way to go in terms of reaching the ulti-mate goal. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from New-ark, New Jersey, for his comments, and also to talk about the fact that I am glad that he mentioned Facebook, be-cause one of the things that really sur-prised me was the fact that some of those ads were purchased in rubles, and no one seemed to notice that, seems absolutely amazing to me. And we need to, again, just continue to have this discussion and talk about these things, so I thank the gentleman very much for his comments tonight. I yield to my friend and colleague from the great State of Michigan, rep-resenting the State’s 14th Congres-sional District, B
RENDA LAWRENCE . Again, I want to thank B
RENDA for par-ticipating. She participates often in this hour, and I just really appreciate her comments. Her district appreciates the comments, her State, and our country, and I appreciate her joining us this evening. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman V
EASEY  for his leadership and for his dedica-tion. Today, I am at this mike for a num-ber of reasons. One is that we have wit-nessed, over the weekend, another time in history that will be written for many to read, for generations to try to understand what exactly happened. Most of us are raised that, in a time of grieving and mourning, you are sym-pathetic, you are patient, and, most of all, you try to be understanding. I am at a loss in trying to understand how the dialogue was reduced to name- calling and then just unfactual infor-mation. But what I had hoped and what I feel that, as an American, as a Mem-ber of Congress, as a citizen, if someone gets it wrong, that at least I deserve, ‘‘I’m sorry, I didn’t get the information right,’’ or maybe ‘‘I spoke out of turn.’’ And when you are grieving the loss of someone you love dearly, someone who was serving this country, someone who, as the family of a military service person, gave the sacrifice as well for them to represent our country. I would hope—I was hopeful that that would happen, but it did not. There comes a point in time, Mr. Speaker, as American citizens, that we begin to stand up and say, as our country, there is an expectation. There is an expecta-tion for those we elect, there is an ex-pectation for those in leadership, and truly, there is an expectation of civil-ity and, at minimum, truth. As we know, the FBI has had a long, troubling history of using its broad in-vestigatory powers to target Black citizens. It is not a myth. It is a fact. It has been written. During the 1960s, Director Hoover used the counterintel-ligence program to surveil and dis-credit civil rights activists, members of the Black Panther Party. For an example, the FBI falsified a letter in an attempt to blackmail the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King into silence. So the Congressional Black Caucus is concerned by the assertion that coins a new term, ‘‘Black identity extremists,’’ and claims, with high confidence, that they are likely to target law enforce-ment based on perceptions of police brutality against African Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.050 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8071 October 23, 2017 
In August, the FBI Counterterrorism Division issued a chilling and out-landish warning to its agents, all hid-den behind the veil of an internal re-port never meant to be seen by the American people. It worries me be-cause, in 2017, such a misguided and hateful and dangerous report exists at all. Released just 9 days before the hate-ful violence in Charlottesville, this re-port targets so-called Black identity extremists by falsely linking peaceful and necessary calls for justice from Americans, from the African-American community, to entirely unrelated acts of violence against law enforcement. Mr. Speaker, I served as a mayor of a diverse city for 14 years and had the re-sponsibility of an entire police force for a city. I have such respect and honor for those who serve us. I understand how, when there is trou-ble, the police run to that trouble to protect us, but I also know that the power that is held on the shield of a po-lice force can be used for other than protection of their people. And that in this great country that we live in, time and time again in history, some people will use the comment: Don’t be so sen-sitive about everything that happened. But history has shown us, every change that we have made in this country of freedoms and rights have come from people who had the courage, the polit-ical courage, to stand up and fight for that. Is that extremism? Will you say the right to vote were Black extremists? Would you say that the women who protest and march so that women could have the right to vote, were they extremists? Or were they Americans who believed in this country and had the courage to stand up not just for them but for genera-tions to come? Our Social Security, when we looked at—and we looked at hunger in this country, and people repeatedly have shown, of all ethnic groups, that noth-ing in America happens without pro-tests and the courage to stand up. Are they extremists, or they part of this amazing democracy that we have? And the threat of being labeled by our FBI so you have permission to now treat these individuals, who have the courage to stand up, as unlawful vil-lains and terrorists, and you have the permission now by the FBI to attack and to imprison them. We must, as a Congress and a coun-try, learn to understand the power of our words, and I am going to close with this. Your words mean something. If this administration has taught us anything, the words of those who are elected to leadership do matter, whether it is the truth or whether it is a lie. It matters. It fuels anger and hatred in people. It tells people that it is okay to dis-respect others. Words mean something. And for me to be a Black woman in America and be labeled, if I stand up and fight for my rights, if I stand with others, if Black Lives Matter has not just been Black people standing up—it has been all members of the United States, citizens saying that all lives matter and that we will not tolerate criminal injustice against Black people and the murder rate that we see of those who are of color. b2015 This has been a movement in our country, and now we see this internal labeling by our law enforcement in our country. Does that cause me to feel afraid in my own country? Does that give me the fear that history is going to repeat itself because words have given permission for this to happen when you legitimize people whose only purpose to stand and be in a position in your community is to say that you have no value less than me and we hate you? But do you know what? There are some very fine people there. Being a Black person in America, I can tell you, we have had some fine days. I would not be standing here, this little Black girl from Detroit, if this country did not give me the opportunities. But it came from the protests; it came in the death and the riots of the people in my generation before me who would not sit down and be quiet. So now are we being told that we are not to use our constitutional rights of free speech and protests and to gather to say that now you are being an ex-tremist? I am not going to allow that to happen in this country, and if you want to label me, label me. But I would not be here today if it were not for those who had the political courage to stand up for what is right, not just for Black people, but for Americans in this country. And that is something that this report strikes a chord with me. I stand in opposition. I understand when someone takes their freedom to stand up and oppose something that is happening in America, and I want to protect that First Amendment right. But if we can avoid the consequences of halfway speech fueled by fear and false perceptions, we will be stronger as a country. Mr. Speaker, I call on Congress to join me and my colleagues in con-demning this report and standing with us for a more peaceful, a more accept-ing, and a more equal country where we can really mean, when we stand up and we say the Pledge of Allegiance and we say, ‘‘one nation under God, in-divisible, with liberty and justice for all,’’ and for all of us we have a name. We have a name that we were given at birth, and we expect our leadership, our President, our Congress, our Chief of Staff, our military to address us by our names. It is not acceptable, it is embarrassing for us as a country, to re-duce ourselves to that level. And I stand here tonight, on the R
ECORD , that I am an American. I am a Member of Congress. I am a woman. I am an Af-rican American. I deserve respect, and I expect all of our colleagues to con-duct themselves the same way, includ-ing the President of the United States. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. LAWRENCE for her comments, which are very timely in light of every-thing that is happening right now. Mr. Speaker, before I close out, the one thing that I would like to make note of is that I think, with this COINTELPRO 2.0 that is going on right now, we should take this very seri-ously. And I just want to remind every-body that may be out here listening right now, we talk a lot about extrem-ist groups. We talk a lot about alt- right and KKK and White supremacist groups, but one thing that we have to keep in mind is that, in the 1960s, when Dr. Martin Luther King came to town, he was not treated like he is now. I hear so many people—conserv-atives, liberals, Democrats, and Repub-licans—talk about how much they ad-mire and respect Dr. King, and right-fully so, because he earned the respect and the admiration that he has now, posthumously, in this country. I don’t think that anyone would argue that. But if we could travel back in time to the 1960s, we will find that he was not that welcomed. And let’s just put aside the White su-premacists. Let’s put aside the alt- right. Let’s put aside these hateful forces that, again, all of us agree on are bad people. But remember, when Dr. King came to some of these South-ern towns in the 1960s, he was not wel-comed. He was not welcomed by people at the Lions Club, people at the Elks Club, people at the First Baptist Church, people at the Methodist Church. People thought that Dr. King was bad, that he was stirring up trou-ble, that he was not ‘‘keeping his place,’’ and that he had come into these communities to stir up a lot of trouble. And because regular, everyday peo-ple—again, not the Klan, not the White supremacists, just regular, everyday, tax-paying shopkeepers in these little Southern towns—these conservative in-dividuals who represented all segments of our society thought that Dr. King was out of place for doing what he was doing, because of that, the Nation re-acted. And one of those people who re-acted against Dr. King, against Mal-colm X, and against other organiza-tions like the Southern Christian Lead-ership Conference, SNCC, which was the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, and many, many others, they ran the domestic counterintel-ligence program that you have heard about tonight, this COINTELPRO, and it became a weapon that was used to spy on individuals. We heard mentioned earlier that our colleague, B
ARBARA LEE, was one of these people who was monitored. But this was happening to everyday African Americans who were just out there try-ing to make sure that we can vote and that our water fountains and our schools weren’t segregated. And these regular town folk—again, the ones that weren’t in the Klan, that were just good old folks that went to Sunday 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.052 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8072 October 23, 2017 
school and went to church every Sun-day—were trying to prevent this from happening, and J. Edgar Hoover stepped in and decided that he was going to discredit, disrupt, and neu-tralize these organizations, again, that were just trying to make sure that Af-rican Americans were no longer sec-ond-class citizens. I think these groups and these orga-nizations and these individuals that I mentioned earlier within the Black community that were willing to be part of that circle, I know that I would not be here serving had it not been for that surveillance that they endured, and I know that I would not be here today were it not for them putting their lives on the line, quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, because of that. So what I would just like to say is it is important that we monitor every-thing that is coming out of the Justice Department in relation to any an-nouncements that they are going to make about investigating these organi-zations that they disagree with politi-cally because it is dangerous, and we don’t want to go back to those times. We don’t want to end up in a situation where the organization is doing any sort of domestic spying on people who are practicing their First Amendment rights of free speech. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inquire how much time is remaining on the clock. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 7 minutes re-maining. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, let me also, again, talk about, very briefly, some of the things that people are con-cerned about in regards to civil lib-erties during the Cold War. That is when the FBI started running a lot of these counterintelligence programs, and Dr. King was always very high on the list. That is what people are con-cerned about. Their concerns are con-cerns that are very warranted because of what happened. I know that people always say: Well, those things happened a long, long time ago. But, in reality, there are peo-ple who serve with us in this body who, sadly, remember those days. So it didn’t happen that long ago because they are still here, and they are still active, very healthy members of soci-ety. They weren’t Members of Congress back then, but they are now, and they saw this up front. They saw this in a very personal way, and that is impor-tant. Also, one of the things that was men-tioned earlier by Representative P
AYNE  from Newark, New Jersey, was the fact about social media. Social media has been very convenient. It has helped spawn new wealth in this country. It has brought us together like never be-fore, but it can also tear us apart if we let it. We have to be very serious when we have a foreign entity, a foreign country that doesn’t like America, that doesn’t like our values, and they have been very open and blatant in saying that you can’t have a multicultural society that exists. We need to take that threat very seriously. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. LEE) so she can tell her story, and I thank her for joining us this evening. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Con-gressman V
EASEY for yielding, but also for his remarkable leadership here in Congress and for hosting this very im-portant Special Order this evening. Mr. Speaker, I rise, along with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus, with a message for the Amer-ican people: Wake up. COINTELPRO 2.0 is on the rise. Mr. Speaker, now, in a report that was never supposed to see the light of day, the FBI’s Counterterrorism Divi-sion branded African Americans in the fight for equality and justice as Black identity extremists that pose a domes-tic threat to police officers. Now, I have witnessed many covert tactics designed to suppress African- American activism in my life, but the revelation of this report is one of the most troubling details I have ever learned about our government. I remember very clearly the days of COINTELPRO under J. Edgar Hoover. As a community worker who worked closely with the Black Panther Party in their Ten-Point Platform, which made programs like Free Breakfast for Children possible and paved the way for our government’s free breakfast pro-gram for low-income children, I wit-nessed firsthand how the lives of good people doing good work were destroyed by COINTELPRO. Seeing the emergence of what is ef-fectively COINTELPRO 2.0 is not only alarming, it is frightening. Just listen to how the FBI describes young women who take a stand for justice. According to the FBI: ‘‘Black iden-tity extremist, BIE, perceptions of po-lice brutality against African Ameri-cans’’ has been responsible for ‘‘an in-crease in premeditated, retaliatory le-thal violence against law enforcement and will very likely serve as justifica-tion for such violence in the future.’’ My God. b2030 Mr. Speaker, we know that all police officers aren’t bad actors. Actually, thousands of officers, the majority of officers, go to work every morning to protect our communities and to pro-vide public safety for everyone, but I want to be very clear about two things, Mr. Speaker. Police brutality is not, as they said in this FBI report, a perception. Police brutality is a reality African Ameri-cans grapple with every day. African Americans are three times more likely to be killed by police than White people. That is a reality. That is not a perception. The facts speak for themselves. Despite being only 13 percent of our population, nearly 25 percent of those killed by police in the United States each year are African Americans. That is a reality. That is not a perception. Nearly 99 percent of police-involved shootings have not resulted in any offi-cers involved being convicted of a crime. Now, that is a reality, not a per-ception. I also want to be very clear that Black identity extremism does not exist. It is simply not real. No aca-demics or journalists have uncovered such a movement. No one has identi-fied as a leader of such a movement. No act of hate or violence has been com-mitted in the name of Black identity extremism. So what is it, then? It is a twisted at-tempt by arbiters of the alt-right, in-cluding Attorney General Jeff Sessions and this administration, to deflect at-tention from the realities of police misconduct and the alt-right and White supremacy. First let me thank Congressman V
EASEY for his remarkable leadership in Congress and for hosting this vitally important Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker I rise today along with my col-leagues in the Congressional Black Caucus with a message for the American people. Wake up! COINTELPRO 2.0 is on the rise. Mr. Speaker, in a report that was never sup-posed to see the light of day, the FBI’s Counterterrorism Division branded African Americans that fight for equality and justice as ‘‘Black Identity Extremists’’ that pose a domes-tic threat to police officers. I have witnessed many covert tactics de-signed to suppress African American activism in my life, but the revelation of this report is one of the most troubling details I have ever learned about our government. I remember clearly the days of COINTELPRO under J. Edgar Hoover. As a community worker who worked closely with the Black Panther Party on their 10 point platform, which made programs like free breakfast for children possible, I witnessed firsthand how the lives of good people doing good work were destroyed by COINTELPRO. So seeing the emergence of what is effec-tively COINTELPRO 2.0 is not only alarming it is frightening. Just listen to how the FBI describes young men and women who take a stand for justice. According to the FBI: ‘‘Black Identity Extremist (BIE) perceptions of police brutality against African Americans’’ has been responsible for ‘‘an increase in pre-meditated, retaliatory lethal violence against law enforcement and will very likely serve as justification for such violence’’ in the future. Mr. Speaker, we know that all police officers aren’t bad actors. Thousands of officers go to work every morning to protect our commu-nities. But I want to be very clear about two things Mr. Speaker: Police brutality is not a percep-tion. Police brutality is a reality African Ameri-cans grapple with every day. African Americans are three times more likely to be killed by police than white people. That is a reality, not a perception. Despite being only 13% of our population, nearly 25% of those killed by police in the U.S. each year are African Americans That is a reality, not a perception. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23OC7.053 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8073 October 23, 2017 
And nearly 99% of case of police involved shootings have not resulted in any officers in-volved being convicted of a crime. That is a reality, not a perception. I also want to be very clear that Black Iden-tity Extremism does not exist. It is simply is not real. No academics or journalists have uncovered such a movement. No one has identified as a leader of such a movement And no act of hate or violence has been committed in the name of Black Identity Extre-mism. So what is it then? Black Identity Extremism is a twisted at-tempt by arbiters of the alt-right, including President Trump and Jeff Sessions to deflect attention from the realities of Police brutality and white supremacy. That is why members of the Congressional Black Caucus are here this evening. To sound the alarm. This is not just another revelation or press report that should be dismissed. This kind of hateful stigmatization presents a serious threat to the African American com-munity. This is not mere speculation, Mr. Speaker. If we’re honest about the history of our na-tion, we must admit that the FBI has a dis-turbing history of surveillance and intimidation of African Americans for political expediency. I remember all too clearly the lives that were cut short during the civil rights movement through the highly coordinated counterintel-ligence program known as COINTELPRO. For 15 years under the direction of FBI Di-rector J. Edgar Hoover, the federal govern-ment spied on civil rights leaders and sowed division among African Americans with one express goal. To ‘‘expose, disrupt, misdirect, discredit, or otherwise neutralize’’ any individual or group deemed to be subversive or a threat to the es-tablished power structure. Members of the Black Panther Party were the greatest victims of this vitriolic pursuit. Under the guise of COINTELPRO FBI agents harassed, intimidated and committed acts of violence against Black Panthers and their supporters. Men and women were killed as a result of this program. We simply cannot allow govern-ment sanctioned violence to develop against innocent African Americans fighting for the perfection of our union. As the conscience of Congress, members of the Congressional Black Caucus are deter-mined to stop COINTELPRO 2.0 dead in its tracks. That is why we are demanding that the FBI give a full account to Congress on the devel-opment of this report and the sources used to inform it. It has been said that those who do not know their history are doomed to repeat. Well Mr. Speaker, we are here to give the American people and the Trump Administra-tion a history lesson. Clearly the FBI has not learned from its mis-takes. But I want to be clear about one thing, under no circumstances will we allow another generation of African Americans to be sub-jected to unwarranted surveillance and harass-ment. It will not happen, not on our watch. Istand with our Chairman Congressman R
ICHMOND , Congressman C ONYERS , Con-gressman THOMPSON and Congressman C UM-
MINGS in demanding that the FBI come clean about this report. Enough is enough. Mr. VEASEY. I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, in my role as a member of the House Com-mittee on the Judiciary, I have always taken a serious view of my oversight of the Federal Bureau of Investigations. It is vitally important that we keep a close watch on the activities of law en-forcement, especially regarding their operations in domestic intelligence gathering. In the wake of September 11th attacks, a time of crisis when civil liberties can be viewed as a luxury, it was important to ensure that all Amer-icans could rely on the Constitution to both protect our rights and protect public safety. As we all know, the FBI has a long, troubling history of using its broad in-vestigatory powers to vulnerable or dissenting groups in our society. As a long-serving member, I was here in Congress when the reports of the FBI’s surveillance activities against African- American groups involved in the strug-gle for civil rights first surfaced in the press. Centralized operations under COINTELPRO officially began in Au-gust 1956 with a program designed to ‘‘increase factionalism, cause disrup-tion and win defections’’ inside Amer-ican Communist Party. Tactics in-cluded anonymous phone calls, IRS au-dits, and the creation of documents that would divide the American com-munist organization internally. An Oc-tober 1956 memo from Hoover reclassi-fied the FBI’s ongoing surveillance of black leaders, including it within COINTELPRO, with the justification that the movement was infiltrated by communists. In 1956, Hoover sent an open letter denouncing Dr. T.R.M. Howard, a civil rights leader, surgeon, and wealthy en-trepreneur in Mississippi who had criti-cized FBI inaction in solving recent murders of George W. Lee, Emmett Till, and other black people in the South. When the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), was founded in 1957, the FBI began to mon-itor and target the group almost imme-diately, focusing particularly on Bay-ard Rustin, Stanley Levison, and, even-tually, Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. During the 1960’s Director J. Edgar Hoover also used COINTELPRO to spy on and attempt to discredit civil rights activists and members of the Black Panther Party. After the 1963 March on Washington, Hoover singled out King as a major tar-get for COINTELPRO. Soon after, the FBI was systematically bugging King’s home and his hotel rooms, as they were now aware that King was growing in stature daily as the leader among lead-ers of the Civil Rights Movement. Amidst the urban unrest of July–Au-gust 1967, the FBI began ‘‘COINTELPRO—BLACK HATE’’, which focused on King and the SCLC as well as the Student Nonviolent Coordi-nating Committee (SNCC), the Revolu-tionary Action Movement (RAM), the Deacons for Defense and Justice, Con-gress of Racial Equality (CORE), and the Nation of Islam. BLACK HATE es-tablished the so-called Ghetto Inform-ant Program and instructed 23 FBI of-fices to ‘‘disrupt, misdirect, discredit, or otherwise neutralize the activities of black-nationalist hate type organi-zations.’’ The program was successfully kept secret until 1971, when the Citizens’ Commission to Investigate the FBI burgled an FBI field office in Media, Pennsylvania, took several dossiers, and exposed the program by passing this material to news agencies. In 1976, the ‘‘Church Committee’’ (Sen. Frank Church–Idaho) launched a major inves-tigation of the FBI and COINTELPRO. Journalists and historians speculate that the government has not fully re-leased the many dossiers and docu-ments related to the program. Against this backdrop, the Congres-sional Black Caucus is justified in its concern about the FBI’s investigation of African-American political organiza-tions. The coining of the phrase ‘‘Black Identity Extremists’’ and claims with ‘‘high confidence’’ that these groups are likely to target law enforcement based on ‘‘perceptions of police bru-tality against African Americans’’ takes us back to claims about groups like the Black Panthers in the 1960’s. While it is important that the FBI monitor all threats domestic, its ac-tivities around the American Muslim community and efforts to ‘‘combat vio-lent extremism’’ have raised questions about tactics and constitutional norms. The CBC has called for an FBI briefing on the origins on this research and the Bureau’s intended next steps. I have supported this request in my role as Ranking Member on the Judiciary Committee and intend to keep a close eye on the Bureau’s activities. This is not the time for a COINTELPRO 2.0 in America. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion (FBI) published a report on August 3rd with findings that ‘‘black identity extremists’’ and their views on police brutality have very likely contributed to an uptick in premeditated violence against police officers. While many questions about the origins and intentions be-hind this report still remain unanswered, I can-not help but feel that this troubling assessment is reminiscent of the 1960’s era Counter Intel-ligence Program (COINTELPRO) that targeted black activists during the Civil Rights Move-ment. There are no doubts that the 2012 shooting of Treyvon Martin or the 2014 death of Mi-chael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri have paved the way for increased tension within our communities. The subsequent protests and rise of the Black Lives Matter movement born out of the 2013 acquittal of Treyvon Martin’s murderer fueled further tension between law enforcement and racial minorities. However, these protests—while interspersed with bouts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.035 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8074 October 23, 2017 
of violence—have been largely peaceful at their core. Interestingly, we have yet to also see a comparable FBI report investigating the white supremacists that have emerged during rallies in Charlottesville, VA and other parts of the country. This apparent double standard sets a dangerous precedent for race relations in the United States. The FBI’s recent report is also extremely troubling given the rise and promi-nence of far-right movements throughout the country during this tense moment in our his-tory. Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Black Cau-cus has called for an FBI briefing on the ori-gins of this report and the Bureau’s intentions on next steps. I will join my colleagues in ea-gerly awaiting a response from the FBI, so that we can make sure that there is no impro-priety or racial bias fueling this investigation. I am disappointed in the FBI’s report and urge my colleagues to tread carefully as we look to avoid a repeat of history by using government institutions and resources to unfairly target ra-cial minorities. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, October 24, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2872. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Pecans Grown in the States of Ala-bama, Arkansas, Arizona, California, Flor-ida, Georgia, Kansas, Louisiana, Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina, New Mexico, Oklahoma, South Carolina, and Texas; Es-tablishment of Assessment Rates [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-17-0027; SC17-986-1 FR] received Oc-tober 6, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 2873. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting an Execu-tive Order amending Executive Order 13223, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1601 (H. Doc. No. 115— 73); to the Committee on Armed Services and ordered to be printed. 2874. A letter from the Counsel, Legal Divi-sion, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Equal Credit Opportunity Act (Regulation B) Eth-nicity and Race Information Collection [Docket No.: CFPB-2017-0009] (RIN: 3170- AA65) received October 2, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 2875. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Delaware River; Dredging [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0947] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received October 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2876. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway, Camp Lejeune, NC [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0792] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received October 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2877. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Remedial Action Schemes Reliability Stand-ard [Docket No.: RM16-20-000; Order No.: 837] received October 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2878. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulator Commission, transmitting the Commission’s regulatory guidance — Physical Inventories and Material Balances at Fuel Cycle Facili-ties (Regulatory Guide 5.88) received October 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2879. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s NUREG revision — Consolidated Guidance About Materials Licenses: Program-Specific Guidance About Service Provider Licenses (NUREG-1556, Volume 18, Revision 1) re-ceived October 4, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2880. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s regulatory guidance — Emergency Planning for Research and Test Reactors and Other Non-Power Production and Utilization Fa-cilities (Regulatory Guide 2.6, Revision 2) re-ceived October 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2881. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s regulatory guides withdrawal — ‘‘Conduct of Nuclear Material Physical Inventories’’, and ‘‘Statistical Evaluation of Material Unac-counted For’’ [NRC-2017-0196] received Octo-ber 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2882. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulator Programs, NMFS, Office of Protected Resources, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants: Final Rule To List the Maui Dol-phin as Endangered and the South Island Hector’s Dolphin as Threatened Under the Endangered Species Act [Docket No.: 160614520-7805-02] (RIN: 0648-XE686) received October 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 2883. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Tennessee River, Chattanooga, TN [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0727] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received October 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2884. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Cumberland River, Nashville, TN [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0812] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received October 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2885. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulations and Safety Zones; Recurring Marine Events Held in the Coast Guard Sector Northern New England Captain of the Port Zone [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0998] (RIN: 1625-AA08; AA00) received October 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2886. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Pacific Ocean, Kilauea Lava Flow Ocean Entry on Southeast Side of Island of Hawaii, HI [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0172] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received October 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2887. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Roanoke River, Plymouth, NC [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0886] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived October 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2888. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Patapsco River, Northwest and Inner Harbors; Baltimore, MD [Docket No.: USCG- 2017-0808] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received October 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2889. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Blue Angels Air Show; St. Johns River, Jackson-ville, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0577] (RIN: 1625-AA11) received October 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2890. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary interim rule — Safety Zone; Sec-tor Key West COTP Zone Post Storm Recov-ery, Atlantic Ocean, FL [Docket No.: USCG- 2017-0939] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received October 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2891. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary interim rule — Safety Zone; At-lantic Intracoastal Waterway, Socastee, SC [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0801] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received October 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2892. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\OCTOBER\H23OC7.REC H23OC7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8075 October 23, 2017 
Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary interim rule — Safety Zone; Belt Parkway Bridge Construction, Gerritsen Inlet; Brooklyn, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2017- 0937] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received October 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2893. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Office of General Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Small Business Size Standards; Adoption of 2017 North American Industry Classification System for Size Standards (RIN: 3245-AG84) received Oc-tober 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Busi-ness. 2894. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Procedures for Obtaining Approval to Use Plan-Specific Substitute Mortality Ta-bles (Rev. Proc. 2017-55) received October 6, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2895. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Updated Static Mortality Tables for Defined Benefit Pension Plans for 2018 [No-tice 2017-60] received October 6, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2896. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Physical Presence of Certain Individ-uals in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or the United States Virgin Islands Under Sec-tion 937(a) Following Hurricane Irma or Hur-ricane Maria [Notice 2017-56] received Octo-ber 6, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2897. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s Major final regulations — Mortality Tables for De-termining Present Value under Defined Ben-efit Pension Plans [TD 9826] (RIN: 1545-BM71) received October 6, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 4010. A bill to amend the Revised Statutes of the United States and title 28, United States Code, to enhance compliance with requests for information pursuant to legislative power under Article I of the Con-stitution, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–360). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 3898. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to place condi-tions on certain accounts at United States financial institutions with respect to North Korea, and for other purposes; with amend-ments (Rept. 115–361). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 3972. A bill to clarify that family offices and family clients are accred-ited investors, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–362). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 577. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 469) to impose certain limitations on consent de-crees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 732) to limit donations made pursuant to settlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–363). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. House Resolution 555. Reso-lution of inquiry requesting the President and directing the Secretary of the Interior to transmit, respectively, certain documents and other information to the House of Rep-resentatives relating to the executive order on the review of designations under the An-tiquities Act; with an amendment (Rept. 115– 364); adversely. Referred to the House Cal-endar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3279. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to provide that ex-traction of helium from gas produced under a Federal mineral lease shall maintain the lease as if the helium were oil and gas (Rept. 115–365). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 3921 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia (for himself and Ms. C
LARK of Massachu-setts): H.R. 4090. A bill to amend the Controlled Substance Act to establish a task force to address fentanyl and heroin trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 4091. A bill to remove from the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System the areas included in Indian Peninsula Unit FL-92 and Cape San Blas Unit P-30 in Flor-ida; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. G AL-
LAGHER , and Mr. B ARR): H.R. 4092. A bill to create a nonimmigrant H-2C work visa program for agricultural workers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Work-force, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for him-self, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E VANS , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida): H.R. 4093. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to strengthen prevention and response measures for hate crimes on college campuses by establishing robust ac-countability measures, providing needs- based grants, and amending the Clery Act; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. HIGGINS of New York (for him-self, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. O’R
OURKE , and Mr. P OLIS): H.R. 4094. A bill to establish a public health plan; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 4095. A bill to repeal Public Law 114- 145; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. R
ASKIN , and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 4096. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Energy to establish a prize competition for the research, development, or commer-cialization of technology that would reduce the amount of carbon in the atmosphere, in-cluding by capturing or sequestering carbon dioxide or reducing the emission of carbon dioxide; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 4097. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of methadone under Medicare part B; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. T
AKANO ): H.R. 4098. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to prohibit schools and li-braries that receive universal service sup-port from blocking Internet access to les-bian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer resources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BRAT (for himself, Mr. S
AN-
FORD , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. M
OONEY of West Vir-ginia, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, and Mr. K ATKO ): H.J. Res. 119. A joint resolution proposing a balanced budget amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas): H. Res. 576. A resolution reaffirming the strategic partnership between the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Nov 15, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\OCTOBER\H23OC7.REC H23OC7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8076 October 23, 2017 
States of America and the country of Geor-gia; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 578. A resolution honoring the lives, work, and sacrifice of Joseph Curseen, Jr., and Thomas Morris, Jr., the 2 United States Postal Service employees who died as a result of their contact with anthrax while working at the United States Postal Facility located at 900 Brentwood Road, NE, Wash-ington, DC, during the anthrax attack in the fall of 2001; United States Postal Service em-ployees, who have continued to work dili-gently in service to the people of the United States notwithstanding anthrax attack; as well as the other 3 Americans who died and the 17 who became ill in the attacks; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule Xll of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia: H.R. 4090. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 4091. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 4092. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 4093. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 18) By Mr. HIGGINS of New York: H.R. 4094. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 4095. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 section 8 Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 4096. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 4097. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 4098. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. BRAT: H.J. Res. 119. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V of the Constitution states that ‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution . . .’’ This joint resolution is submitted for Congress to consider whether it is necessary to amend the Constitution to include it. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 103: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 173: Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. B
ARR, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. B ERA, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. S ES-
SIONS . H.R. 176: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 184: Mr. A
MASH . H.R. 233: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 296: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 299: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 377: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. M
CKINLEY , and Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 389: Mr. H
IMES and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 392: Ms. T
ITUS and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 444: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 445: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 535: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 539: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN and Mr. K ING of New York. H.R. 564: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. M
ESSER , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 613: Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 619: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 635: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 669: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C
RIST, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 681: Mr. M
CHENRY . H.R. 685: Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Ms. L
EE. H.R. 747: Mrs. B
USTOS and Ms. H ANABUSA . H.R. 771: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 772: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 781: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. J EN-
KINS of West Virginia. H.R. 785: Mr. F
LORES . H.R. 807: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 820: Mr. T
ROTT , Ms. E STY of Con- necticut, Mr. P
AULSEN , Mrs. M CMORRIS ROD-
GERS , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 828: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 846: Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 849: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 866: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 930: Ms. M
CSALLY and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 1014: Ms. J
ACKSON LEEand Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 1017: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 1046: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. B
UCSHON , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 1057: Mr. S
IRES and Mr. S ABLAN . H.R. 1090: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1098: Mr. S
ABLAN . H.R. 1133: Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 1148: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1155: Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. H
IMES, and Mr. S CHNEIDER . H.R. 1156: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 1187: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 1204: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 1270: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. C ROWLEY , and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 1291: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 1305: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 1322: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 1341: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1342: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 1360: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 1363: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 1406: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 1456: Mr. T
ONKO and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 1475: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 1528: Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 1568: Mr. F
LORES . H.R. 1592: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. H AR-
RIS, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. B RAT, Mr. G AETZ , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , and Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-ginia. H.R. 1639: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1661: Mr. C
OMER , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , and Mr. J OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 1673: Mr. K
ILDEE and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ . H.R. 1686: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 1698: Mr. G
ALLAGHER and Ms. F UDGE . H.R. 1699: Mr. C
OMER . H.R. 1749: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 1825: Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1832: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1836: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 1861: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 1865: Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 1898: Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. U PTON , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1899: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1911: Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 1949: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1953: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia and Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1955: Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 2092: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. H ECK, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2230: Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. M EADOWS , Ms. T ENNEY , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. B ACON , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 2234: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2242: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 2285: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 2295: Ms. K
APTUR and Mr. E SPAILLAT . H.R. 2340: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 2358: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 2366: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2401: Mr. W
ELCH and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ . H.R. 2418: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2431: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 2434: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 2465: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 2499: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 2501: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2526: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2550: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 2601: Mrs. L
OVE and Mr. T HOMAS J. R
OONEY of Florida. H.R. 2623: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 2663: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 2670: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 2723: Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 2740: Mr. W
ILLIAMS and Mr. R OYCE of California. H.R. 2765: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 2790: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. P
ANETTA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23OC7.100 H23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8077 October 23, 2017 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali- fornia, and Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 2801: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2820: Ms. T
ENNEY and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 2856: Mr. N
UNES . H.R. 2862: Mr. I
SSAand Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2865: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2920: Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 2936: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 2946: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 2968: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 2999: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 3073: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 3117: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 3124: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Ms. P IN-
GREE , and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 3127: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 3128: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 3179: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 3197: Mrs. L
OWEY and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 3199: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Ms. M OORE , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 3211: Ms. J
ACKSON LEEand Mr. G RI-
JALVA . H.R. 3265: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3274: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEY of New York, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. V ELA, Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. H ECK, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Mr. C OMER , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. B UDD, and Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 3282: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 3297: Mr. B
ARRand Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 3320: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 3329: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. B
ARR, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor- gia, Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OO-
NEYof Florida, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R OSS, Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. C
HENEY , and Ms. E STYof Connecticut. H.R. 3342: Mr. B
ACON , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 3380: Mr. Q
UIGLEY and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 3400: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 3402: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK and Mr. B ISHOP  of Michigan. H.R. 3409: Mr. T
ROTT , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor- gia, and Mr. B
ARTON . H.R. 3441: Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. C OLE, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. B URGESS , Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , and Mr. H ULTGREN . H.R. 3445: Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 3477: Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 3495: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 3541: Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 3550: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 3552: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 3577: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 3596: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. L
AHOOD, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 3605: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 3635: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 3648: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 3671: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 3711: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 3712: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 3738: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. E VANS , and Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 3758: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3759: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. M EEHAN , and Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 3768: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 3784: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida and Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 3792: Ms. L
EE, Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 3798: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee, Mr. R
OTHFUS , and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 3820: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 3832: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 3845: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3862: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3866: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3875: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 3898: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 3913: Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 3940: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida and Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 3956: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 3966: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 3969: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 3971: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 3984: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 3990: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 4010: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 4013: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. B
ORDALLO , and Ms. L EE. H.R. 4020: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 4022: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. M ESSER , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4024: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4025: Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. J AYAPAL , and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 4030: Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 4038: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 4040: Mr. Q
UIGLEY and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4047: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 4049: Mr. K
HANNA and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 4057: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. R OSEN , and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 4073: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. NORTON , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 4079: Mr. P
ETERSON , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. W
ALZ, and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 4082: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. B ERA, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. L EE, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. E VANS , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. C RIST, Mr. H
ECK, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R ASKIN , and Ms. M
ATSUI . H. Con. Res. 10: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. K
IHUEN . H. Con. Res. 43: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. C ON-
YERS . H. Con. Res. 47: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Con. Res. 57: Ms. K
APTUR . H. Con. Res. 59: Ms. K
APTUR . H. Con. Res. 81: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H. Res. 31: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. K
NIGHT . H. Res. 58: Mr. Z
ELDIN and Ms. K APTUR . H. Res. 220: Mr. H
UNTER and Mr. B EYER . H. Res. 236: Mr. B
ARR. H. Res. 274: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H. Res. 276: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H. Res. 307: Mr. H
UDSON . H. Res. 401: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H. Res. 464: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. Y
ODER . H. Res. 466: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H. Res. 495: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H. Res. 529: Mr. C
APUANO and Ms. L OFGREN . H. Res. 532: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. B ARR, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. A
DERHOLT . H. Res. 554: Ms. M
OORE . H. Res. 560: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Chairman G
OODLATTE , or a designee, to H.R. 469, the Sunshine for Regulations and Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2017, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Chairman G
OODLATTE , or a designee, to H.R. 732, the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2017, does not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 or rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC7.018 H23OCPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6703 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 2017 No. 170 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. God of our fathers and mothers, Your glory, majesty, and power sustain us. Lord, we ponder the graciousness of Your providence that lifts our hearts and gives us hope. Keep our lawmakers true to You, obeying You faithfully and trusting Your wisdom. Lord, provide them with wisdom to cultivate such reverence for You that they will stand for right though the heavens fall. When dark-ness overtakes them, be for them a shining light. May they face their foes triumphantly, knowing that with You nothing is impossible. May they labor with such integrity that generations to come will celebrate their faithfulness. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
LUNT ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. BANKRUPTCY JUDGESHIP ACT OF 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany H.R. 2266, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: House message to accompany H.R. 2266, a bill to amend title 28 of the United States Code to authorize the appointment of addi-tional bankruptcy judges; and for other pur-poses. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill. McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell amend-ment No. 1568, to change the enactment date. McConnell amendment No. 1569 (to amend-ment No. 1568), of a perfecting nature. McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McCon-nell amendment No. 1570, to change the en-actment date. McConnell amendment No. 1571 (to (the in-structions) amendment No. 1570), of a per-fecting nature. McConnell amendment No. 1572 (to amend-ment No. 1571), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 5:30 p.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, let me just speak for a few minutes on the emergency supplemental appropria-tions for disasters. No one in this Chamber is immune from disaster. Six years ago, I remem-ber, in Vermont, Marcelle and I watched as communities around Vermont felt the devastating impact of Tropical Storm Irene. That storm washed away entire communities in our State, tearing down homes, local landmarks, and bridges alike. I watched the devastation from a heli-copter with the Governor and the head of our National Guard the day after the storm hit. I saw bridges washed away. The only way we could get into the towns was by helicopter because all of the roads were gone that led into them. I saw homes that had been on the north side of a river that were now upside down and destroyed on the south side of the river. Do you know the one thing that oc-curred to me as I traveled around the State of Vermont? It is that I had heard from my fellow Senators, both Republicans and Democrats, saying that they would help us rebuild. I had heard the same thing from the Presi-dent of the United States. They stood by Vermont’s side to help us rebuild— again, Republicans and Democrats alike—because that is who we are as Americans. We lift each other up in times of disaster. We are one country. Today, in California and across the West, families are returning to the charred ruins of their homes—those who were able to get out alive. In Flor-ida and Texas, communities are trying to put their lives back together after Hurricanes Harvey and Irma—again, those who were able to get out alive. In Puerto Rico, hundreds of thousands are still without potable water, electricity, cell service, or adequate medical sup-plies following Hurricane Maria. The Virgin Islands are also facing devasta-tion that I can never remember. Mil-lions of Americans all over the coun-try, as well as the Americans in Puerto Rico and the Americans in the Virgin Islands, need us to work together to help lift them up, just as we have seen in past disasters. This is not a Repub-lican or a Democratic issue; this is an American issue. This is who we are as a country. We hold together. I have been privileged to serve here since the time of President Ford. In times of disaster, I have seen every sin-gle President, Republican and Demo-crat, work to help Americans and do it out of concern for Americans, not for themselves. That is why it is so dis-appointing that President Trump 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC6.000 S23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6704 October 23, 2017 
seems more concerned with claiming credit for a job well done than the ac-tual situation on the ground deserves, particularly in Puerto Rico. President Trump has given himself a 10 out of 10 as though this were a game show for the administration’s response to the devastating hurricane, but let’s look at some numbers that really matter for the people who have lost everything. It has been 48 days since Hurricane Irma made landfall in Puerto Rico and 34 days since Hurricane Maria tore through the island. These storms wreaked havoc on those who live there. They destroyed houses and killed at least 49 people. Yet, 48 days later, near-ly 80 percent of the island is still with-out power, and 30 percent of the popu-lation is without clean drinking water—some having to resort to drink-ing contaminated water. Roads are im-passable. Bridges are down. The few hospitals that are operating are oper-ating on generators. Frankly, the administration was slow to respond to the disaster. So to claim that it gets a 10 out of 10 for its response is to ignore the facts, espe-cially the facts that the people who have been hit know so well. As I said before, this is not a reality TV show. It is not where the participant with the highest score advances to the next round. This is not fiction. These are people’s lives—real people. They are people’s homes. This is the hard part of governing. This is where we roll up our sleeves and dig in for the long haul. We stop patting ourselves on the back. In-stead, we use that hand to give a hand to the people who are hurting. Today we are going to advance a dis-aster package that contains $36.5 bil-lion in additional emergency relief. It includes $18.7 billion for the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, Disaster Relief Fund, $16 billion for the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram debt forgiveness, $1.2 billion for nutrition assistance, and $576.5 million to address these devastating wildfires in the western part of the United States. As vice chairman of the Appropria-tions Committee, I support this bill, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do the same. If we do not act, the Disaster Relief Fund and the Flood Insurance Program will run out of resources in a matter of days. This money, if we pass it, will help FEMA, the Department of Defense, the Army Corps of Engineers, and other agencies to continue their work in all of the devastated communities and to start catching up with the work that needs to be done and to help families begin to rebuild their homes and their lives— those who did not die in the disaster. This is just the next step. This is a multistep process. This is the next step on the road to recovery. Last week, I met with Governor Ri-cardo Rossello, of Puerto Rico, and his staff. I have been to Puerto Rico many times, in happier times, but here he de-tailed the unique challenges that face Puerto Rico. He was telling us what is happening to our fellow Americans. The electric grid was almost com-pletely destroyed. Its infrastructure, itself, was demolished. Houses were flattened. At the same time, Puerto Rico faces a fiscal situation that will make it nearly impossible for it to pro-vide the Federal match that is required for most disaster assistance programs. It faces a Medicaid funding crisis that may leave nearly 1 million people with-out healthcare in just a matter of months, assuming that we restore their healthcare. This tells us that our response can-not be business as usual. We need to tailor disaster assistance to meet Puer-to Rico’s unique challenges. We may need to consider legislation to address its unique needs. Most importantly, we need to think long term. To simply re-place and repair what was destroyed would be shortsighted. We have to help our fellow Americans who are in Puer-to Rico to recover, to rebuild, and to be more resilient and better prepared. We should invest in the 3.4 million U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico and invest in their infrastructure so that the next disaster is not a humanitarian issue and crisis. Some like to say that the situation is unique in Puerto Rico. It is not. We have to acknowledge that historic- sized storms are now annual occur-rences, and we have to respond accord-ingly. Even with the help from our own citizens and from the U.S. Government, we are just now fully rebuilding in Vermont, and we were not hit as badly as these other places were. Across the country—from wildfires in California to the flood damage in Florida, Texas, the U.S. Virgin Islands, as well as what I said about Puerto Rico—we can in-vest in technology, and we can invest in conservation and infrastructure. That would mitigate further damage. Do you know what? It would also make these communities more resil-ient because we cannot speak about ‘‘once in 100 years’’ storms. Sometimes, as we have seen this year, they have been ‘‘once in 2 months’’ or ‘‘once in 3 weeks’’ storms. This requires a com-mitment from the U.S. Government. It is not measured by days or weeks or months but in years—a commitment that does not waver, a commitment that does not depend on whether you live in Texas or Florida or Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands. Today, I urge all Senators to support this emergency supplemental bill that will provide much needed assistance for disaster relief across the country, but it is still just the next step on the path to recovery. The Trump adminis-tration is committed to putting for-ward a third, more comprehensive dis-aster package in the coming weeks. As vice chairman of the Senate Appropria-tions Committee, I intend to hold the administration to that commitment. In conclusion, even in the years since Irene, this Vermonter still takes com-fort in the number of Republican and Democratic Senators who called me during that storm and pledged support and, along with the pledge, came through with the support. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
THE BUDGET AND TAX REFORM  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, last week, the Senate took an important step for the fiscal and economic future of our country with passage of the budget for fiscal year 2018. The comprehensive, responsible budget we passed marks out a clear vi-sion for the future. It will put the Fed-eral Government on a path to balance, and it sets out a new course after the long years of the Obama economy, when paychecks stagnated, steady work became harder to find, and retire-ment for many slipped further away. The budget we passed isn’t just about getting our fiscal house in order— though it is certainly about that—it is also about getting our economy going again and growing again. Perhaps the most important way it does so is by authorizing legislative tools to advance tax reform, and pass-ing tax reform is the most important thing we can do today to get our econ-omy reaching for its true potential. Tax reform is all about helping the middle class succeed. It is about mak-ing it easier to create jobs in America and keep them right here. To summa-rize the effort in one phrase, it is this: Tax reform is about taking more money out of Washington’s pocket and putting more in yours—more for work-ers, more for small businesses, and more for the middle class. After all, as the President wrote over the weekend, ‘‘we are not talking about the govern-ment’s money—we are talking about your money, your hard work.’’ If you look back a few months, many doubted our ability to get a budget done or to advance tax reform. They didn’t see the path forward. Those skeptics underestimated our resolve. The Senate has delivered on the budg-et, and we will soon have the tools to deliver on tax reform. We now look forward to our House colleagues’ continued consideration and passage of the budget. Once they do so, we can move forward with tax reform for American families. For Americans who have suffered through years of uncertainty—every-thing from a recession to outsourcing to unemployment—we are ready to de-liver for you. For those who watched opportunity recede while the personal wealth of coastal elites grew beyond comprehension, help is on the way. We want to put more money in your pock-et, we want to make retirement a re-ality for you, we want to get this econ-omy moving the way it should, and tax reform is the key to helping us get there. I would like once again to thank Chairman E
NZIand the members of the Budget Committee for their important work to get this budget resolution passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23OC6.002 S23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6705 October 23, 2017 
I also would like to thank the cloak-room staff, the Parliamentarians, the clerks, the pages, and the officers of the U.S. Capitol Police who worked into the evening to make sure, as they always do, that the Senate runs smoothly. Thanks also to Chairman H
ATCH and the members of the Finance Com-mittee. We now look forward to their continued good work on development of the kind of tax relief that will get our economy truly moving again. Mr. President, on another matter, the Senate remains committed to doing its part to support the ongoing hurricane relief efforts, and, to that end, today we will take a vote to ad-vance the administration’s most recent supplemental funding request. These resources will ensure that FEMA and the rest of the administration have the ability to continue their crucial sup-port to help those impacted by dev-astating storms. Like many colleagues, I have been engaged on this issue from the very start. Through several meetings with leaders from Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, I have had the oppor-tunity to hear firsthand how the gov-ernment can support their relief ef-forts. I met with Puerto Rico’s Gov-ernor last week to get another update on the funding request and to hear about the continuing recovery. In addition, I have continued work-ing with the administration as it re-sponds to these storms. For instance, after the devastation of Hurricane Har-vey, I met with the Department of Homeland Security’s Acting Secretary to learn more about what would be needed. I also met with President Trump’s eminently qualified nominee to lead that Department. The House of Representatives over-whelmingly passed a supplemental funding request with strong bipartisan support, and now it is our turn to act. As we all know, the administration will continue to actively review hurri-cane relief and recovery needs. As it does, we can expect the transmittal of additional supplemental requests for our consideration in the near future. The victims of these hurricanes con-tinue to count on our support, and I look forward to the Senate continuing to do its part to help. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. 
NOMINATIONS  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I just want to address very briefly one other issue that surfaced last week. Press reports indicate there are mul-tiple nominees of President Trump awaiting Senate confirmation, but even though they haven’t been con-firmed—there has not been a vote maybe even in committee, I under-stand; certainly they have not been confirmed by the Senate. Yet they are engaged in the very duties of the posi-tions for which they have been nomi-nated. That includes nominees showing up to work, even though they are not yet confirmed. It means they attend White House meetings, even though they are not yet confirmed. They show up for photo ops, even though they are not confirmed. This includes officials with at least three different agencies. If accurate, this is nothing but an end run around our constitutional sys-tem. It directly flouts the Senate’s constitutional role to check and bal-ance the enormous power wielded by the executive branch. It is our obliga-tion to advise and ultimately consent, vote up or down, the appointment of high-level agency officials. Their deci-sions impact millions of Americans. I hope that all of us—both Democrats and Republicans—will speak up and de-fend the prerogatives of the Senate if the Trump administration continues to insist it is above the law. I have been here a half dozen times when Democrats were in the majority and a half dozen times when Repub-licans were in the majority. We have always insisted that these kinds of nominees await a vote first. Back in my time during the Ford administra-tion, the Carter administration, the Reagan administration, the Bush ad-ministration—the first Bush adminis-tration—the Clinton administration, the next Bush administration, the Obama administration, we actually fol-lowed the law and the Constitution. It was something that both Republican leaders and Democrat leaders insisted on, and I agreed with it. Although I may have hated to wait sometimes, we insisted on it. So I raise that point. It raises a real question. I am told that it may be a violation of the law. It certainly raises a question if they make decisions based on their respon-sibilities in a position that requires confirmation and they haven’t been confirmed. We may be facing law-suits—taxpayers paying to defend law-suits—when all they have to do is wait a few days. Republicans are in charge of the Sen-ate. They can bring up these nominees. Bring them up and vote on them, but don’t just pretend the Senate is not here. Let’s not pretend the advice and consent part of the Constitution doesn’t exist. Let’s actually obey the law and the Constitution. It can be refreshing to do things the way the law and the Con-stitution requires. In the long run, the country will be better off. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you, Mr. President. HEALTHCARE  
Mr. President, first, on the issue of healthcare, since I last addressed this Chamber, the bipartisan agreement reached by Senators A
LEXANDER and M
URRAY has amassed enough cospon-sors to guarantee its passage. It now has 12 Republican cosponsors and 12 Democratic cosponsors. That is as bi-partisan as it gets. I believe all 48 Members of my caucus will support the agreement, which means it has the nec-essary 60 votes. Even Leader M
CCON-
NELL has made it clear that he will put the Alexander-Murray bill on the floor as soon as President Trump supports it. Let me make a direct appeal to the President. Mr. President, come out and support the Alexander-Murray bill. You called it ‘‘a very good solution’’ already. An-nounce that you will support it, and it will pass through the Senate soon after. The President’s only stated concern was that the Alexander-Murray bill ‘‘bails out insurance companies.’’ I can assure the President that Senators A
LEXANDER and M URRAY took great pains to make sure the insurance com-panies would not get one extra penny from this deal. I have read the lan-guage. I have worked with them. It is good. It is strong. They have included provisions in the bill to prevent insur-ance companies from double dipping on the cost-sharing program and ensure that the money goes precisely where it is intended: to keep premiums and other out-of-pocket costs down for low- income Americans. If the President wants even greater assurances, we can work to move back the start of enrollment 1 month. He may be able to do that administra-tively, but if not, that is something both Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator M
URRAY wanted to do, which would en-sure that there would be new applica-tions, and the rates would be looked at as if cost sharing were happening, but the White House blocked it. If the White House and the President want to make it even stronger—I think it is strong enough already—then we can do that. From what I understand, the President might be able to do that ad-ministratively. This idea that the President isn’t supporting this because he doesn’t want the insurance companies to make money on this—well, it is wrong. There is some other reason he doesn’t want it done. Maybe he doesn’t want a bipar-tisan bill. Maybe it is because he wasn’t involved. Maybe it is because on issue after issue the hard-right Free-dom Caucus people say don’t do it, and he is afraid, because he is not showing much leadership when they stand up to him. The only reason the President shouldn’t support this bill is that he wants to continue intentionally hurt-ing Americans. He has talked about that. He almost seems gleeful: ObamaCare will fail—even though he is trying to make it fail. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23OC6.003 S23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6706 October 23, 2017 
The President should know that pre-miums have shot up 30 percent in Pennsylvania because of the Presi-dent’s decision to end cost sharing. Premiums for silver plans will rise 20 to 25 percent if cost sharing is not re-stored. It is time for the President to stop the sabotage. He created the prob-lem by for the first time not renewing cost-sharing payments. Now we have a solution that will renew them, but Democrats will have to give. Copper plans have never been our favorite. He should go along with the good com-promise. The President has told me repeatedly that he wants to work in a bipartisan way. He told me that he wants to work in a bipartisan way on healthcare. Well, on this one, I am from Missouri. Shows us. Show me. It is time, Mr. President, to turn the page on healthcare and pass the Alex-ander-Murray bill. We have other pressing healthcare issues to grapple with. For the first time in history, again due to lack of leadership from that White House, the authorization for the Children’s Health Insurance Program has expired. That must be re-authorized, too, and soon. Kids across America are depending on it. President Trump, please stop the games. Stop the zigging and zagging. You are for it one day and against it the next. Stop coming up with fake ex-cuses. Declare your support for this bill so we can move forward in a bipartisan way to improve our Nation’s healthcare. 
THE BUDGET AND TAX REFORM  
Now, Mr. President, on taxes, last week the Republican majority jammed through one of the worst budgets in history. That is not hyperbole; this is one of the worst budgets in history. They should hang their heads in shame. It increases the deficit by $1.5 trillion, slashes Medicare and Medicaid by $1.5 trillion, and sets up the same partisan process the Republicans used for healthcare. Now it goes to the House for their ap-proval, where many conservative House Republicans will have to rationalize voting for a bill that dramatically in-creases deficits. For many in the con-servative wing of the House Republican caucus, the debt and deficit have been their No. 1 focus in Congress, their rai-son d’etre. Many campaigned on the singular promise—made with almost religious fervor—to lower our Nation’s debt and deficit. They rhapsodize fiscal responsibility. They hold themselves up as the guardian of preventing the debt from being passed on to our grand-children. They evangelize constitu-tional amendments requiring a bal-anced budget. They were willing to risk default on our Nation’s credit for a spurious talking point. The budget resolution will be a true test of the principles the Freedom Cau-cus and the hard right in the House have espoused about the evils of defi-cits for the better part of the last dec-ade, because those same Members of the Freedom Caucus must now vote to approve a budget that increases the deficit by $1.5 trillion. The House bill didn’t do that. The Senate bill clearly does. Yet, so far, we haven’t heard a peep from the Freedom Caucus. The most scolding deficit hawks have morphed into deficit doves, eschewing principle for political expediency. With respect to the deficit, any econ-omist will tell you that a dollar less in revenue due to a tax cut is the same as a dollar less in spending. Yet the Free-dom Caucus and deficit hawks only harp on the deficit when it is about spending cuts: Get rid of Medicare. Get rid of Medicaid. Slash them—programs every bit as popular and as important as any. As Representative WALKER , a con-servative of the House, lamented, ‘‘[The deficit] is a great talking point when you have an administration that’s Democratic-led. It’s a little dif-ferent now that Republicans have both houses and the administration.’’ Real-ly? So you are a deficit hawk only when it is politically expedient, Rep-resentative W
ALKER ? Well, the Freedom Caucus still has a chance to change the course of their budget when we vote this week. When the Freedom Caucus came out against the Republican healthcare bill, the Re-publican majority was forced to make concessions to them. If they were real deficit hawks, honest deficit hawks, consistent deficit hawks, nonpolitical deficit hawks, they would do the same thing here. Let’s see how Representative W
ALKER  and his fellow Members of the House Freedom Caucus vote on a GOP budget to increase the deficit by $1.5 trillion. Another point on the GOP tax plan. The Republicans are so wedded to their desire to give a massive tax break to big corporations and the superrich— which will blow up the deficit even in their fake math models—that they are searching for new ways to sock it to the middle class to make up the dif-ference. First, Republicans debated elimi-nating the mortgage deduction, then they included the provision to elimi-nate State and local deductibility, and recently there have been reports that some Republicans want to cap Ameri-cans’ pretax contributions to their 401(k)s. That is one of the few provi-sions we have to encourage middle- class families to start saving for an early retirement. President Trump tweeted this morning that we are not going down that road. The fact that Republicans were even considering raiding American’s retirement savings to pay for giant tax cuts for corpora-tions shows just how backward their plan is. The Tax Policy Center estimated that while the wealthiest 1 percent of America would reap 80 percent of the benefits under the GOP plan, it would also raise taxes on nearly a third of middle-class workers. That statistic re-veals the rotten core at the center of this tax plan: The Republicans are so eager to give tax cuts to the rich, they are willing to explore many different ways of raising taxes on the middle class to pay for them. Each time, they bring up different methods—mortgage interest deductions, State and local de-ductibility, capping pretax 401(k)s—and then back off when they see the polit-ical and popular cost to each proposal. That shows you the dilemma they are in. The fact is, there is no way the Re-publicans can avoid raising taxes on a good number of middle-class families if they are going to cling to such massive tax cuts for the rich and powerful and still make the numbers work, even with fake math. Instead of capping middle-class de-ductions or pilfering retirement sav-ings, how about Republicans drop their proposal to repeal the estate tax? Re-pealing the estate tax would cost the government hundreds of billions. Why are Republicans looking at middle- class deductions instead of merely scrapping the estate tax repeal, which goes only to estates of over $5 million— only to estates over $5 million. The number who benefit is tiny. It is in the thousands. Their estates get huge, huge benefits. Get rid of that instead of hurting the middle class. The logic is confounding, and our Republican col-leagues will not even talk about it. This plan is so rotten at its core that it has our Republican colleagues turn-ing themselves into pretzels and jump-ing through hoops, and they can’t real-ly say what they believe—trickle down works. The only rationale for this en-tire plan is that if you give tax breaks to the wealthy and the big corpora-tions, there will be a lot of job growth. It didn’t happen when George Bush’s tax cuts occurred. It didn’t happen when Kansas dramatically cut its taxes. The Koch brothers’ center, Kan-sas—they did just what the Koch broth-ers wanted. It was a disaster. Growth was much less than the national aver-age even though the taxes were slashed. Although they don’t state it, it is contrary to what our Republican colleagues believe. I respect the Republican Member who comes up and says: Trickle down works; that is why we are doing it. Tax cuts for the very wealthy is what would fuel the economy. No one else believes it anymore. His-tory disproves it. It is fake. It is a fig leaf so that they don’t have to admit what they want to do—give huge tax cuts to the wealthiest of their contrib-utors, the people who have sort of set up the sinew of this Republican Party with their think tanks and op-eds and so many other things, the Koch broth-ers network. The American people should know that the money to pay for that giant tax cut for the rich is coming from somewhere, and it is likely to be com-ing from their pocketbooks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23OC6.004 S23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6707 October 23, 2017 
STEEL AND ALUMINUM IMPORTS  
INVESTIGATIONS  
Finally, one final topic: steel and aluminum. Recently and shockingly, Commerce Secretary Ross has said he is waiting for the Republican tax plan before completing critical investiga-tions into how steel and aluminum im-ports are impacting the capacity of steel and aluminum U.S. producers to supply our defense needs. I am not sure why the Republican tax plan has any-thing to do with this national security investigation, which could finally lead to some relief from the predatory trade practices from China and other coun-tries. The two are entirely unrelated. Secretary Ross’s comments smell like an excuse for further delays—and a bad one at that. I would like to see him explain his decision to the thousands of steelworkers whose jobs are on the line because their companies aren’t com-peting on a level playing field because China repeatedly subsidizes, doesn’t play by the rules, and cheats. It is another classic example of the Trump administration promising one thing and doing another. President Trump has promised many times to crack down on China, and still, 10 months into his administration, his Commerce Secretary is once again needlessly delaying a preliminary step in that effort. I have known him for 30 years. He is a New Yorker like I am. Every time I see Secretary Ross, I say to him: When are we going to do something on China? Oh, we are going to do something tough. Each time, there is a different ex-cuse. This should have happened in the first 2 months of the administration. It hasn’t. Because of the Republican inaction, because of the President’s unfulfilled and rapidly becoming broken promise on being tough with China, Senate Democrats will be sending a letter to President Trump and Commerce Sec-retary Wilbur Ross demanding that the administration keep its promise to crack down on China’s unfair and pred-atory trade practices. We are asking that they continue these investigations and expeditiously complete them. These trade investigations have noth-ing to do with tax reform, and there is no need to delay them. One more thing on China. Today I read that Tesla—our great car manu-facturing company—will be relocating to China. When you want to sell cars and many other advanced products in China, you have to do one of two things: set up a joint ownership company which lets them steal our intellectual property or face huge tariffs. That is based on the fact that the WTO was poorly nego-tiated and China was regarded as a de-veloping country. That was the fault of President Bush and President Obama; neither did enough to stop China. Based on his campaign rhetoric, one would think President Trump would be tougher as China steals our family jew-els. It is no longer clothing and fur-niture; it is our best industries. They steal our intellectual property by these joint ventures. Sometimes they do it by cyber theft—a lot of times they do it by cyber theft—and it is hurting the good-paying jobs that might be avail-able to our children and grandchildren. Based on campaign rhetoric, one would think President Trump would be tougher on China, but so far it has been a lot of talk and not very much action, and the delay in these investigations is another example. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 117, Scott Palk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Scott L. Palk, of Oklahoma, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Scott L. Palk, of Oklahoma, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma. Mitch McConnell, Orrin G. Hatch, John Cornyn, Chuck Grassley, Thom Tillis, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso, Johnny Isakson, Roger F. Wicker, John Thune, Marco Rubio, James Lankford, Richard Burr, Steve Daines, Mike Crapo, John Boozman, James M. Inhofe. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative ses-sion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 179, Trevor McFadden. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Trevor N. McFadden, of Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Trevor N. McFadden, of Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. Lamar Alexander, Susan M. Collins, John Boozman, Chuck Grassley, Orrin G. Hatch, Steve Daines, Dean Heller, Bill Cassidy, Cory Gardner, Michael B. Enzi, Thom Tillis, John Thune, John Kennedy, John Cornyn, David Perdue, Joni Ernst, Mitch McConnell. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls for the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BANKRUPTCY JUDGESHIP ACT OF 2017—Continued Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion on the House message to accompany H.R. 2266 be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, to accommodate the majority leader, I ask unanimous consent—I understand that he will object, and I will explain it afterward, but it involves what you see here in the aftermath of the hurricane, all of this citrus fruit on the ground— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23OC6.006 S23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6708 October 23, 2017 
that it be in order to call up my amendment No. 1575—approximately $3 billion for all of the agriculture for Florida and Texas, which Senator C
OR-
NYN, Senator R UBIO, and I have all been working on—to the motion to concur with an amendment to the House mes-sage on H.R. 2266 and that the amend-ment be agreed to with no intervening action or debate. In order to accommodate the major-ity leader, I will explain it after he has returned to his meeting. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, reserving the right to object, I would say to my good friend from Florida that I hope he knows that the Senate remains committed to doing its part to support the ongoing hurricane relief ef-forts. We all see this as a multistaged process in providing needed relief. There will be additional rounds, and we are all fully committed to meeting the needs that have arisen as a result of these devastating hurricanes. For the moment, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, in my explanation, I will go into it in de-tail. It is my hope that the White House promise that this will be taken up in November, which is the next tranche of the hurricane money, the disaster as-sistance. It has been well past a month since Hurricane Irma hit Puerto Rico and 2 months since it hit Florida, and Floridians all across our State are working as hard as ever to recover. One group of individuals who were hit especially hard by this storm is Florida’s citrus growers. I will refer again to this photograph. You can see the citrus grove. You can see the branches on the citrus trees. Some of the trees have blown over, but in the meantime, you can see all of the fruit that is on the ground. Toward southwest Florida, at least 75 percent of the crops are on the ground. In more central Florida, it is upward of 50 and 60 percent. Of all the times, this was going to be a bumper crop. Lord knows, with the greening disease—its nickname is ‘‘greening,’’ but it is a bacteria—it will kill the tree in 5 years, and it has been declining the cit-rus production over the course of the last 10 years. We had suffered enough through all of that, and then here had come this hurricane. When it looked as if there was going to be a good crop to turn around the lessened production that had occurred over each of the last 10 years, this is what happened. If that were not enough—all of the fruit on the ground—take a look at this. This is what has happened to cit-rus groves. Whole trees have been blown over. Whether you are talking about a grove that is totally demol-ished or a grove that has lost almost all of its crop, that is why the Florida citrus growers are in such a very dif-ficult economic situation. Some of Florida’s farmers lost nearly every-thing when Irma tore through the State. In fact, the statewide agricul-tural industry has lost more than $2.5 billion. Included in that is $760 million that Florida’s citrus industry alone, just by itself, has lost, as you see in these photographs. Earlier this month, the U.S. Depart-ment of Agriculture released its first crop estimates for the 2017–2018 citrus season. They estimated that Florida’s citrus growers would harvest 54 million boxes of oranges this year, but that number doesn’t yet fully account for all the damage caused by Hurricane Irma. According to the folks on the ground, they believe the actual estimate is going to be only 31 million boxes this season. Now compare 31 million boxes to a decade ago when Florida harvested over 203 million boxes. Ten years before that, Florida growers harvested 244 million boxes. Now they are esti-mating, after the storm, a yield of only 31 million boxes. So the Florida citrus growers are really taking a hit. They have to have disaster assistance. The citrus industry is a vital part of Florida’s economy, and that is why Senator R
UBIO is here with us. We have been pushing so hard to get our citrus growers some help. Just a couple of days after the storm, Senator R
UBIO and I met with a group of growers in a citrus grove in Polk County in Central Florida, where the loss is about 50 or 60 percent, unlike South Florida, where the loss is 75 to 90 percent. Unfortunately, the White House has been saying: No, we can’t do it in this disaster assistance bill. As we have been working on a bipartisan amend-ment that would provide the growers with the help they need, the same amendment that the majority leader had to object to, President Trump has reportedly been making calls urging others in the Chamber to move forward with the overall package as is and to nix the money we need to help Flor-ida’s farmers. Florida’s citrus industry may have been one of the industry’s hardest hit by the storm, but it certainly wasn’t the only industry that was affected in Florida. Florida’s fruit and vegetable farms lost more than $180 million when their fields were flooded and their bushes were ripped straight out of the ground. Row crops, such as peanuts, cotton, sweet corn, potatoes, and sug-arcane together experienced nearly $450 million in losses from the hurricane- force winds and heavy rains. Senator R
UBIO went to Hastings to see the potato farms. He saw how they had been ripped to shreds. Florida’s nurseries lost nearly $625 million when their greenhouses were damaged by the winds. Florida’s timber industry lost $261 million. Florida’s cattlemen, whose ranches, barns, fences, and equipment were severely damaged, lost a total of $237 million in losses. Dairy farmers had to dump more than $2 mil-lion worth of milk because they couldn’t store it properly after they lost power. Farmers are the lifeblood of this country and an important part of Flor-ida’s economy. Right now, they des-perately need our help. In urging the Senate to move forward with this dis-aster package as it is, not amended, President Trump has told some of our colleagues that he would support add-ing this additional agriculture money in a later supplemental next month. To my colleagues who have farmers and ranchers in their own States, you know as well as we do that these families and businesses can’t wait any longer. They need our help, and they need it now. I ask you to consider how you would react if those farmers and ranchers suf-fered $2.5 billion in losses from a single natural disaster, as our agriculture in-dustry in Florida has. So, to accommodate the majority leader, I already made the unanimous consent request, which the majority leader objected to. I want to further state that to fulfill the White House promise of including the disaster aid farmers desperately need, I have placed a hold on the President’s nominee for Deputy Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. Getting the addi-tional money next month could be the difference between whether Florida’s farmers can replant their crops next year or not. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Thank you, Madam President. I thank the senior Senator from Flor-ida on this issue. I want to elaborate on it a little further. Any time we ask the taxpayers of this country to step in and help a private industry, it is im-portant and incumbent on us to justify why. The amendment he just made that we have been working to get in-cluded in what is before the Senate ob-viously deals with agriculture at large, and he described some of the different industries in Florida that have been hurt in agriculture and some of the crops in Florida that were impacted by the storm. The reason I want to focus my atten-tion on citrus is not because we don’t care about the other industries that were damaged, but citrus is in a unique and precarious place. I want to describe it to people who may not be as familiar with this as those who live in Florida and see it all the time. First, I would say that one of the sig-nature issues in the campaign and in politics today is the desire to make more and produce more in the United States; the idea that somehow, because of these changes in the global econ-omy, we have lost significant indus-tries to other countries, and we talk about that primarily in manufacturing, but we also talk about it in technology and things of this nature. I don’t think 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23OC6.015 S23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6709 October 23, 2017 
we should leave agriculture out of that conversation. If we want there to be agriculture in the United States, then we have to deal with each of those crops and the unique challenges they face. We most certainly want to have agriculture in the United States. A lot of people don’t identify Florida as an agricultural State. It is better known for its tourism and being one of the largest places where people move to be in warm weather and not have State income tax, but Florida is a large agricultural State. I encourage people to look at the numbers. If you have spent any significant time in Florida, it is not just something we put on our license plates and not something we call ourselves in our heritage, it is real now. Tens of thousands and hundreds of thousands of jobs across the supply chain and entire communities are sus-tained by the presence of agriculture. In the case of citrus, the overwhelming majority of growers are actually fami-lies who have had these operations for sometimes two or three generations and are trying to stay afloat. You look at this and ask: What is this industry doing wrong to be under these circumstances? Yes, they had a storm, but why can’t they rebuild like everybody else? Two things. First, cit-rus in Florida was already facing an ex-traordinary challenge. It wasn’t a bet-ter orange or better grapefruit that some other countries are doing than we are. It is a disease called citrus green-ing that didn’t just blemish the fruit the way the canker did, but it killed the trees. You have a significant num-ber of growers who are on the border-line of being out of business because unlike—and I am not diminishing other people’s losses here, on the contrary— but unlike a manufacturing plant that gets wiped out by a storm, where you put the new machine in and in 6 months you are up and running, that is not the way it works with citrus. The time between when you plant the new tree and produce fruit is 4 to 5 years, and you have to stay afloat in between. They are already facing that. So that already has them on the brink of catastrophe, and they have been working very hard to get around and design scientific solutions. They have made some advances, thanks to the work at the University of Florida, but they are not there yet. In the process, they have been hurting already. You heard about the production fig-ures and how low they have gotten, and here comes the storm. The first thing it does is knock all the fruit off the trees. When we flew over these groves, all we saw on the ground was fruit all over the place. As those familiar with agriculture know, once that fruit gets in the floodwater, it can’t be sold, and you can’t do much with it. The fruit continued to fall over the days to come. On top of everything else they were facing, they lost this year’s crops. A lot of these fields were flooded, so they were sitting in feet of water. That kills the trees, and they will continue to lose trees in the weeks to come. Put yourself in the position of the grower who has to say: I have already lost everything for this year. I lost a bunch of trees that I will not have next year or the year after that. I was fac-ing citrus greening. Do I really want to replant or has the time come to sell my land for some other use, development, or has the time come for me to go into another crop or has the time come to declare bankruptcy? This is the life challenge of American agriculture fam-ilies in the State of Florida. Look, I hope very much that in No-vember we are going to be here next month and we are going to pass a new bill and it will have this money in there and it will be fantastic, but we know how this place works, and I don’t know why we wouldn’t do it now. Do we truly want to keep American busi-nesses in America? This is a great ex-ample of an opportunity to do it. It is not an industry that benefits from anything extraordinary from the government. They are literally on the verge of going away unless we help them sooner rather than later. We have the entire Florida delegation in the House in favor of it, and they couldn’t get it in the House bill. You have both Senators here for it. It can’t be a part of this because if we change it, it goes back, and we lose time. No one can tell you why it is not in there, no one can tell you why they are against it being in there, but it is not in there. Sometimes you start to won-der, and you guess why people look at this process and shake their heads. Unfortunately, it looks like this has been foreclosed. Obviously, Senator N
ELSON moved forward and made that motion and it was objected to so it will not be a part of this package, but I hope we think about these men and women and families who own the groves. How do you explain it to them and what happens if it goes away? What happens if we lose this industry? It will not just hurt Florida, I think it hurts the country. I think it sets a precedent for other crops that might be threatened by floods in the future. I hope this can be reversed, and I am hopeful we will deal with it in Novem-ber, but if we don’t, I just want every-one to understand what this means. This is not hyperbole. This industry is in a lot of trouble. I am not telling you that the amount of money we are ask-ing for alone will save them, but with-out it, sooner rather than later, I feel we will lose not just Florida citrus, but I feel we will lose something as a key part of the State’s heritage and a key crop for the country, and we will de-pend more than ever on foreign imports to feed our people with this problem. With that, I yield the floor. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2266. Mitch McConnell, Pat Roberts, Roy Blunt, Shelley Moore Capito, Mike Rounds, John Thune, Orrin G. Hatch, Deb Fischer, Cory Gardner, John Bar-rasso, Johnny Isakson, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, Richard Burr, James M. Inhofe, Roger F. Wicker, Lindsey Gra-ham. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2266, an act to amend title 28 of the United States Code to authorize the appointment of additional bankruptcy judges; and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 79, nays 16, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 246 Leg.] YEAS—79 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Isakson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—16 
Barrasso Cotton Crapo Enzi Flake Inhofe Johnson Lankford Lee Paul Perdue Risch Sasse Shelby Strange Toomey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23OC6.016 S23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6710 October 23, 2017 
NOT VOTING—5 
Graham Menendez Moran Stabenow Sullivan 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 79, the nays 16. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. Cloture having been invoked, the mo-tion to refer falls. The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Madam President, as we speak, our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico, Texas, and Florida are recovering from a series of devastating hurricanes. Over 100 people have lost their lives be-cause of these terrible storms, and many more are struggling to get by day to day. The crisis is perhaps most acute in Puerto Rico, where 35 percent of the population still does not have access to safe drinking water and four out of five Puerto Ricans do not have power. The people of Florida, Puerto Rico, and Texas have responded with great tenacity and admirable creativity to this disaster. I wish the same could be said of the politicians here in Wash-ington, DC. Once again, this body is poised to fail the American people. Instead of help-ing the victims of these disasters through responsible aid paired with lasting reform, Congress has rushed to its favorite so-called solution—billions of dollars in new spending with little accountability or meaningful over-sight. If this $36.5 billion aid package passes, it will mean even more money and more power for government pro-grams that in some cases left us vul-nerable to these disasters in the first place. If it passes, the politicians and lobbyists will pat themselves on the back for doing a good deed and then move on to the next multibillion dollar spending opportunity. Meanwhile, the people of Florida, Puerto Rico, and Texas will be left to pick up the pieces and to deal with the disastrous con-sequences of this approach. Puerto Rico, in particular, has to contend with the effects of a dev-astating storm and decades of malfea-sance that has left Puerto Rico with $74 billion of debt. This crisis calls for emergency aid, yes. More than that, it calls for true lasting reform, the type of reform that is noticeably absent from this measure. That is why I am voting no on this shortsighted bill, because it is easy to caricature a vote against emergency aid as calloused or cruel, but it is hard to do the real work that is necessarily required by real, lasting, meaningful reform. It is harder still to defend these packages when their contents are ex-posed fully to the light of day. If you were evaluating an emergency aid package, you might reasonably expect it to direct all of its spending to pro-grams that actually help the people of Florida, of Puerto Rico, of Texas, but this proposal does not even come close to directing all of its money to broad- based recovery efforts. Just under half of the $36.5 billion in new spending would bail out the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program, or NFIP. In the Houston area, just 17 per-cent of homeowners were enrolled in the NFIP. In Puerto Rico, the numbers are even more sparse. Just 5,600 Puerto Ricans are enrolled in NFIP, less than 1 percent of homeowners. That means 99 percent of Puerto Ricans will not get anything at all from the $16 billion to NFIP. But then again, it is not clear that NFIP recipients get much from NFIP to begin with. The National Flood Insurance Pro-gram represents the triumph of good intentions over sound public policy. Its generous subsidies were supposed to re-duce the need for Federal aid after massive storms. Instead, NFIP encour-ages thousands of Americans to live in some of the most dangerous real estate in the country. NFIP sells flood insurance at rates well below that of any reasonable pri-vate insurer. As a result, its policies do not accurately reflect the risk of living in manifestly flood-threatened, flood- endangered areas. These government policies encourage Americans to live in precisely those areas where their liveli-hoods—and, in fact, even their lives— can be swept away in an instant. Economists refer to this perverse in-centive as moral hazard, and, in more senses than one, that is just what the National Flood Insurance Program is— a hazard to Americans. It is distinctly immoral for the government to sub-sidize housing in the Nation’s flood plains—deep within the flood plains—or on the edges of its coast. Instead of building your house on a rock, the gov-ernment wants you to build it on the sand. NFIP pays out claims for properties that have been swept away not once, not twice, but many, many times be-fore. Homes that have been flooded multiple times make up just 1 percent of NFIP policyholders, but they ac-count for more than one-third of its claims. This has cost taxpayers more than $12.1 billion in payouts according to the Congressional Research Service. When Hurricane Harvey swept through Houston last month, it sub-merged a house that had been flooded 22 times since 1979. The house is valued at about $600,000. The government has spent $1.8 million to rehabilitate it. No private insurance company would ever offer insurance on the terms that NFIP offers. Such a company would en-danger its policyholders, and it would run out of money. That is precisely what has happened under NFIP. The program is $25 billion in debt and routinely blows through its statutory debt limits. The emergency aid package Congress is considering today would cancel $16 billion of NFIP’s debt—no questions asked. Congress isn’t making NFIP bring its actuarial practices in line with reality or into conformity with free-market forces. No, it isn’t even ap-propriating new funds for another failed program. That, at least, would be business as usual in Washington. In-stead, Congress is effectively giving a debt amnesty to the National Flood In-surance Program. It is absolving NFIP of its sins and making American tax-payers do the penance. So that is an example of what is in the bill. Let’s consider a little bit of what is not in the bill. If we want to be responsible leaders in a moment of crisis like this one, we need to provide long-term reforms in addition to any short-term assistance. We need to provide a full meal to those affected by these storms and not just a temporary, passing sugar rush. But this bill does not include any re-forms that would help Puerto Rico at-tain long-term stability or climb out from underneath its $74 billion debt. It doesn’t even attempt to reform the dysfunctional electrical utility pro-gram which, through a combination of neglect and profiteering, has left mil-lions of Puerto Ricans in darkness. Without electricity, Puerto Rico can’t power hospitals, clinics, food banks, or even sewage systems. And it doesn’t re-peal the Jones Act, the protectionist regulation that kept foreign-flagged re-lief ships out of Puerto Rican harbors for precious days after Hurricane Maria and for a long time has forced Puerto Rican consumers to pay significantly higher prices on just about everything they buy. Simple reform measures such as re-forming PREPA, the electric utility company I mentioned a moment ago, or repealing the Jones Act would pro-vide very meaningful, lasting benefits to Puerto Ricans long after the public’s attention has drifted and the relief money has dried up. But Congress, true to form, would rather double down on broken laws and broken programs rath-er than fix them, and Congress would rather take on more debt than spend according to what we have and prioritize in order to get there. None of this $36.5 billion in emer-gency spending is offset by spending re-ductions on other programs—none of it—not a single dollar. That is the sad irony of this bill. If the trend of deficit- fueled spending continues, one day soon we will wake up to the cries of our fellow Americans and we will have nothing to give them in support. Again, this bill doesn’t take care of those programs, and it is not as if there aren’t solutions out there. One of my colleagues, Senator P
AUL, has effec-tively been blocked from introducing an amendment that would call for off-sets to this spending. Another one of my colleagues, Senator F
LAKE , has tried to introduce an amendment, of which I am a cosponsor, that would bring about some of these other re-forms I have described—reforms to the State-owned utility company, to the Jones Act, and reforms to the way that we spend money through the Federal Government in Puerto Rico. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC6.015 S23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6711 October 23, 2017 
I hope my colleagues will work with me on a more responsible, sustainable, meaningful way to help our brothers and sisters in areas affected by the re-cent hurricanes. Congress has the au-thority to lead, especially over Puerto Rico, where we have plenary power that exceeds the authority we have in other parts of the country within States. In this hour of crisis, especially with regard to Puerto Rico, we are the only ones who indisputably have this power, and we are the ones who must act if we are going to achieve meaning-ful reform. If we can only offer money and a pat on the head, it will be our fault when the American people continue to suffer as a result of failed programs that haven’t worked and call out to us through their failures for reform. Thank you. I yield the floor. Mr. COCHRAN. Madam President, I urge the Senate to approve the disaster relief supplemental appropriations bill. This bill will provide additional fund-ing for response and recovery oper-ations in areas devastated by recent hurricanes. The storms this year have been se-vere in both strength and number. Communities in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands are struggling to recover. Both the Disaster Relief Fund and the National Flood Insurance Program are depleted. They will soon run out of money for disaster response and to pay flood insurance claims. The supplemental funding in this bill will ensure that first responders and Federal agencies have the necessary re-sources to continue their important work. This bill also includes funding in re-sponse to the deadly wildfires that have ravaged western States. While these emergency funds are needed now, I will continue working with my col-leagues to find a better way to fund wildfire suppression in the future. This will not be the end of our efforts to respond to this year’s disasters. The Appropriations Committee will con-tinue to work with the administration and with the affected delegations to de-termine and provide for additional re-covery needs. I am committed to doing what is necessary to get the job done. Mr. LEE. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
BANGLADESH Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, in correspondence with officials of the Government of Bangladesh over a pe-riod of several years and in conversa-tions with officials of our own State Department, I, like many others, have raised concerns about enforced dis-appearances, arbitrary arrests, unfair trials, extrajudicial executions, and other flagrant violations of the rule of law by the government of Prime Min-ister Sheikh Hasina Wajed and particu-larly by the Rapid Action Battalion, RAB. Like the inquiries and appeals of oth-ers, my concerns have been responded to by Bangladeshi officials with blan-ket denials, obfuscation, and even falsehoods. Despite such attempts to deflect re-sponsibility, it is beyond a doubt that the rule of law is often violated by Bangladeshi law enforcement agencies. This conduct has become so ingrained that it is not an overstatement to de-scribe Prime Minister Wajed’s govern-ment as one that condones state-spon-sored criminality. Of course, the government would vo-ciferously reject such a characteriza-tion, insisting that individuals who have disappeared were kidnapped by militants or joined extremist groups or simply claiming that their where-abouts are unknown to the govern-ment. The problem is that there is often credible eyewitness testimony to the contrary or those responsible for the abductions have identified them-selves as members of one of the secu-rity forces, the RAB being the most no-torious. The State Department’s latest Coun-try Reports on Human Rights describes the situation in Bangladesh as follows: ‘‘Human rights groups and media re-ported that multiple disappearances and kidnappings continued, some com-mitted by security services. The gov-ernment made limited efforts to pre-vent or investigate such acts. The United Nations Working Group on En-forced or Involuntary Disappearances contacted the government on March 9 concerning the ‘‘reportedly alarming rise of the number of cases of enforced disappearances in the country’’ and had 34 outstanding cases under review as of May 18, but the working group did not receive a response. Following al-leged disappearances, security forces released some individuals without charge, arrested some, some were found dead, and others were never found.’’ The State Department also cited the practice of torture of detainees in Ban-gladesh: ‘‘Although the constitution and law prohibit torture and other cruel, inhumane, or degrading treat-ment or punishment, local and inter-national human rights organizations and the media reported security forces, including RAB, intelligence services, and police, employed torture and phys-ical and psychological abuse during ar-rests and interrogations. Security forces reportedly used torture to gath-er information from alleged militants although members of political opposi-tion parties claimed that security forces also targeted activists within their parties. Security forces report-edly used threats, beatings, kneecappings, and electric shock, and law enforcement officers sometimes committed rapes and other sexual abuses. Two prominent human rights organizations stated that security forces tortured eight persons to death in the first nine months of the year.’’ The situation has not improved since the State Department published that report earlier this year. Just last week, seven senior representatives of an op-position political party were arrested in Dhaka. Their whereabouts, condi-tions of confinement, and the evidence against them remain a mystery. This egregious situation has been cited by the European Parliament, the United Nations, Human Rights Watch, and other reputable human rights mon-itors; yet the government of Prime Minister Wajed rejects such admonish-ments out of hand as fabrications or an infringement of sovereignty. Not only do these practices violate the rule of law, they threaten democracy itself. Bangladesh does face a serious problem of violent extremism, which must be effectively addressed, but if peaceful expression and association that chal-lenges government policies or that con-demns corruption and police mis-conduct are equated with terrorism and responded to with threats, arbi-trary arrests, and disappearances, ex-tremism will increase, and democracy will suffer. Other international organizations and governmental bodies have urged the Government of Bangladesh to re-spond to calls regarding dozens of cases of disappearances and to permanently dismantle the RAB and suspend other law enforcement agencies that have en-gaged in such crimes until credible in-vestigations of such cases are con-ducted and those responsible are appro-priately punished. I echo those calls and do not support further U.S. assist-ance for such agencies until the nec-essary steps are taken. 
f 
UGANDA Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I want to speak briefly about the situa-tion in Uganda, which should concern all Senators. Uganda, located on the Equator in East Africa, has been a friend and part-ner of the United States for many years, particularly in the fight against HIV/AIDS. Twenty years ago, Uganda was the epicenter of AIDS in Africa. Thousands were dying, testing was nonexistent, condoms were outlawed, and the future was bleak. Since then, dramatic progress has been made in controlling the disease, although more remains to be done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23OC6.022 S23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6712 October 23, 2017 
The United States has also joined in the fight against the Lord’s Resistance Army, which ravaged northern Uganda for many years. I remember a time, not so long ago, when thousands of young children, called ‘‘night commuters’’ would walk each evening from their re-mote villages into towns where they were protected from being kidnapped by the LRA and forced into servitude as child soldiers. Throughout that period and to this day, President Museveni has remained in power, for five consecutive terms, solidifying his control increasingly through repression, including the ar-rest, imprisonment, and even alleged assassination attempts of political op-ponents and social activists. In 2016, at his most recent inauguration after an election marred by fraud and intimida-tion, Sudan’s President Bashir, in-dicted by the International Criminal Court, was an invited guest. In 2012, President Museveni an-nounced that he would ‘‘certainly not’’ seek to remain in office after age 75, consistent with article 102(b) of Ugan-da’s Constitution; yet today, with the next Presidential election scheduled for 2021, an effort is underway in Ugan-da’s Parliament, presumably with President Museveni’s blessing, to amend the constitution to eliminate the age limit. If successful, Museveni could remain President for life, in the tradition of other African strongmen like Robert Mugabe. There is no law against amending the constitution. Our own Constitution poses no such age limit on Presidents or Members of Congress, but doing so for the obvious purpose of perpetuating the increasingly autocratic rule of a serving President, who has used the se-curity forces to silence his opposition and who has systematically under-mined the possibility of a free election, is wrong. Such an outcome would be a tragedy for democracy and the rule of law in Uganda, at a time when corruption, economic stagnation, and internal strife are propelling Uganda back-wards. The United States and the international community have pro-vided Uganda with billions of dollars in aid since 1986 when President Museveni first came to power. I supported that investment in Uganda’s social, eco-nomic, and political stability, and President Museveni deserves credit for many positive developments in Uganda since the horrific years of his brutal predecessors, Idi Amin and Milton Obote; yet today much of that invest-ment is at risk of being squandered. Ultimately this is a decision for the representatives of the Ugandan people, but I hope the Ugandan Parliament recognizes what is at stake, not only for the people of Uganda and for the fu-ture of democracy and stability in that country, but for future support from the United States and the inter-national community. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, unfortunately, I was unable to attend the rollcall vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2266, emergency supplemental appropriations. Had I been able to attend, I would have voted in favor of cloture.∑ (At the request of Mr. SCHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 246, on the motion to invoke cloture on the House message to accompany H.R. 2266, the emergency supplemental. Had I been present, I would have voted yea.∑ 
f 
HONORING NEVADA’S WORLD WAR II FILIPINO VETERANS Mr. HELLER. Madam President, today I wish to honor several Nevada heroes who are being recognized with a Congressional Gold Medal for their service in the Philippines during World War II: Sergeant Regalado Baldonado, Private Aurelio Dela Cruz, Corporal Benito Anton, Private First Class Leonardo Palao, and the many other Filipino and Filipino American vet-erans across our Nation. My apprecia-tion for their service and sacrifice is immeasurable. During World War II, more than 260,000 Filipino soldiers from the U.S. commonwealth of the Philippines an-swered President Roosevelt’s call to fight under the American flag. These individuals fought bravely, some mak-ing the ultimate sacrifice in defense of democracy and freedom. More than half a century later, our Nation made a commitment to honoring them for their service. As a member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I believe it is our solemn responsibility to recognize those who put their lives on the line. That is why I was proud to work with my colleague Senator H
IRONO to pass into law the Filipino Veterans of World War II Congressional Gold Medal Act, Public Law 114–265, to recognize the dedication and heroism of these indi-viduals. Now the time has come to award this Congressional Gold Medal to Filipino World War II veterans on October 25, 2017, and I could not be more proud and humbled that Nevada is home to Fili-pino veterans who served and are most deserving of this medal. Today I would like to again recognize and honor Fili-pino veterans who are living in Nevada: Sergeant Regalado Baldonado, Private Aurelio Dela Cruz, Corporal Benito Anton, and Private First Class Leonardo Palao. To these heroes, your place in history will not be forgotten. There are also many other Filipino vet-erans from Nevada who have passed on, but our gratitude extends to their fam-ily members who will ensure their leg-acy lives on. While the awarding of this Congres-sional Gold Medal is a proud moment for the Filipino community and Amer-ica, many Filipino veterans have yet to receive recognition for their service. There is no doubt to me that Filipino soldiers served honorably in the Com-monwealth Army of the Philippines, Recognized Guerilla Forces, and New Philippine Scouts alongside U.S. troops during World War II. However, some have still not been verified by the U.S. for their service because they don’t have the documentation the U.S. re-quires. This is an injustice that I will continue fighting so that every Fili-pino veteran is afforded respect for and acknowledgement of their contribu-tions to our country. I am honored to acknowledge all Fili-pino and Filipino American veterans for their dedication to our country and am proud this Congressional Gold Medal will serve as a constant re-minder of the importance of the Fili-pino and Filipino American commu-nity in our Nation’s history. f 
HONORING OUR ARMED FORCES 
SERGEANT PHILIP J . IYOTTE  
Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today I wish to honor and pay tribute to the late Army SGT Philip J. Iyotte, a hero from South Dakota who, after 66 years, has returned home. At a young age, Philip Iyotte, a member of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe, was given his Lakota name of Soldier Who Stands Alone. In 1950, Philip en-listed in the U.S. Army and was as-signed to the Army’s 21st Infantry Regiment of the 24th Infantry Division. Shortly after, he was deployed to the Korean conflict. On September 2, 1950, Sergeant Iyotte was seriously injured from fragments from an enemy missile. Nineteen days later, he bravely re-turned to the battlefield. On February 9, 1951, 21-year-old Ser-geant Iyotte was declared Missing in Action after being captured by Chinese forces during Operation Thunderbolt. When the war ended, several returning prisoners of war reported that Sergeant Iyotte passed away around September 10, 1951, and was buried at the main prisoner of war camp in Korea. Sixty- six years after being captured and killed, his remains have finally been returned to his family in White River, SD. For his bravery and service, Sergeant Iyotte was awarded the Purple Heart, the Combat Infantryman’s Badge, the Prisoner of War Medal, the Korean Service Medal, the United Nations Service Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, and the Korean War Service Medal. I consider it an honor to pay tribute to SGT Philip J. Iyotte. May his family and his Oyate find comfort in knowing that his remains have now been laid to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC6.018 S23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6713 October 23, 2017 
rest and the legacy of his service and sacrifice to our Nation lives on. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO COMMANDER CHRISTIAN LEE ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Madam President, today I wish to recognize CDR Chris-tian A. Lee for his induction into the Coast Guard Academy Athletic Hall of Fame on October 19, 2017. The Hall of Fame Award recognizes outstanding Coast Guard Academy ath-letes who distinguish themselves in military or civilian life and seeks to honor those who have substantially contributed to the excellence of Acad-emy athletic programs. As a three-sport athlete at the Coast Guard Academy, Christian excelled in football, baseball, and track. On the football field, he was a starting wide receiver for 4 years and set a single- season record with 938 receiving yards. He ended his 4-year career with 149 re-ceptions, 23 touchdowns, and continues to hold the Coast Guard Academy record for alltime receiving yards. As captain, he led the team to its first ever NCAA playoff appearance in 1996 and was selected as a first team All- Conference wide receiver and kick re-turner. He was also named an Eastern Collegiate Athletic Conference and New England Football Writers first- team wide receiver. In addition to his successful football career, Christian substantially contrib-uted to the academy’s baseball and track programs and was named the most outstanding senior athlete in 1997. That same year, he led the base-ball team with 15 stolen bases, 24 runs scored, and had a batting average of .321, earning him second-team All-Con-ference honors. As a sprinter on the track team, he was part of a 4x100 record-setting relay team and went on to compete at the New England Cham-pionship and the Penn Relays. Christian was a gifted athlete, and his induction into the Coast Guard Academy Athletic Hall of Fame is well- deserved. I congratulate him on this honor, and I am grateful for his dedica-tion and service to our Nation. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBER MOTHER LULA MAE LOLLAR BELTON ∑Mr. SCOTT. Madam President, today I would like to take a moment to rec-ognize and honor the life of a great South Carolinian, Mother Lula Mae Lollar Belton, ‘‘Mom-mo,’’ who de-parted this life on September 20, 2017. Mother Belton was a spiritual, hum-ble, and loving woman who loved the Lord and her community. She worked for the Colleton County Food Service for 31 years, as well as many positions within Buckhead UMC Church, where she was a faithful member. She most notably served as Mother of the Church. Mother Belton always had an open heart to her many children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, great-great-grandchildren, as well as many others in the community and church. She will be greatly missed by the family and community she leaves behind, and I would like to add her name to our October 23, 2017, CONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD .∑ 
f 
REMEMBERIG DR. OSCAR PERRY BUTLER, JR. ∑Mr. SCOTT. Madam President, today I would like to take a moment to rec-ognize and honor the life of a great South Carolinian, Dr. Oscar P. Butler, Jr., who departed this life on October 2, 2017. Dr. Butler was a graduate of South Carolina State University and later went on to earn a doctor of phi-losophy in administration and higher education from Michigan State Univer-sity. He then spent over 27 years in stu-dent personnel development, including as a dean at SCSU. He also served as executive director of 1890 Research and Extension for over 10 years. He has been recognized for Outstanding Serv-ice by the N.A.A.C.P., Meritorious Service and Commendations by the U.S. Navy, and given the Distinguished Alumnus Award by SCSU. Dr. Butler was a faithful member of Williams Chapel A.M.E. Church for over 57 years, where he was the recipient of the Un-sung Hero Award 2015. Dr. Butler will surely be missed and remembered as a great South Carolinian, and I would like to add his name to our October 23, 2017, C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD .∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING BISHOP LEWIS NATHANIEL TAYLOR ∑Mr. SCOTT. Madam President, today I would like to take a moment to rec-ognize and honor the life of Bishop Lewis Nathaniel Taylor, a great South Carolinian, who departed this life on October 2, 2017. Bishop Lewis Taylor deeply loved his family, church, and community. He pastored in San Diego, California, Washington, DC, and New York. He eventually returned to his na-tive Walterboro, SC, where he contin-ued the legacy of his father and became pastor of Greater Saint James Church. He encouraged, inspired, and mentored many people in the community and abroad. Bishop Taylor served not only as a pastor, but as a carpenter and gen-eral contractor as well. In short, Bishop Taylor was a builder-visionary who helped design and construct churches across South Carolina. In 2008 and 2017, the mayor of Walterboro pre-sented Bishop Taylor with the Key to the City. He was known to many as ‘‘the little man, with a big vision’’ and served his community tirelessly and earned the respect and admiration of all people he came in contact with. He will be greatly missed by the Walter-boro community and the people of South Carolina.∑ TRIBUTE TO DR. AKIL E. ROSS, SR. ∑Mr. SCOTT. Madam President, I would like to recognize and congratu-late Dr. Akil Ross, of Chapin High School, who has been chosen as the Na-tional Principal of the Year by the Na-tional Association of Secondary School Principals. His nomination is an honor for South Carolina. After graduating from School Without Walls Senior High School in Washington, DC, Akil E. Ross, Sr., studied political science and played football for Duke Univer-sity. He graduated in 2002 with his B.A. in political science and minoring in history and education. In 2005, he ob-tained his M.Ed. in secondary edu-cational administration from the Uni-versity of South Carolina and joined Chapin High School as an assistant principal in July of 2005. After 5 years as an assistant principal, he was named principal in July of 2010. In July of 2012, he completed his doctorate degree in curriculum studies from the Univer-sity of South Carolina. Chapin High School has received many awards and recognitions under Dr. Ross, such as Palmetto’s Finest, national rankings in academics, 12 State championships in athletics, and 3 State championships in marching band. In September, Dr. Ross was named the 2017 South Carolina Secondary Prin-cipal of the Year before being selected as the National Principal of the Year. Dr. Ross is an extraordinary leader who has truly succeeded in providing high- quality learning opportunities for his South Carolina students, whom are lucky to be under his care. Congratula-tions, Dr. Ross.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGES 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY ORIGINALLY DECLARED IN EX-ECUTIVE ORDER 13413 OF OCTO-BER 27, 2006, WITH RESPECT TO THE SITUATION IN, OR IN RELA-TION TO, THE DEMOCRATIC RE-PUBLIC OF THE CONGO—PM 17 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23OC6.008 S23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6714 October 23, 2017 
from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days of the anniversary date of its dec-laration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the situation in, or in relation to, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, de-clared in Executive Order 13413 of Octo-ber 27, 2006, is to continue in effect be-yond October 27, 2017. The situation in, or in relation to, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which has been marked by widespread violence and atrocities that continue to threaten regional stability, con-tinues to pose an unusual and extraor-dinary threat to the foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency de-clared in Executive Order 13413 with re-spect to the situation in, or in relation to, the Democratic Republic of the Congo. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , October 23, 2017. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker removes the gentleman from Oregon, Mr. W
ALDEN , as a conferee and appoints the gen-tleman from Illinois, Mr. S
HIMKUS , to fill the vacancy thereon to the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and that the appoint-ment of conferees from the Committee on Natural Resources is modified by striking the first reference to section 2863. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3189. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, seven (7) reports relative to vacancies in the De-partment of Agriculture, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 16, 2017; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3190. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to realistic sur-vivability testing of the Fleet Replenish-ment Oiler (T–AO 205); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3191. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary of the Army (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the mobilizations of se-lected reserve units, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3192. A communication from the Assist-ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, fifty-three (53) reports rel-ative to vacancies in the Department of De-fense, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–3193. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12170 on November 14, 1979; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3194. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to So-malia that was declared in Executive Order 13536 on April 12, 2010; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3195. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel for Operations, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Presi-dent, Government National Mortgage Asso-ciation, Department of Housing and Urban Development, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3196. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel for Operations, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, five (5) re-ports relative to vacancies in the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3197. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel for Operations, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Secretary of Housing and Federal Hous-ing Commissioner, Department of Housing and Urban Development, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 16, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3198. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Nevada; Recission of Visibility Protection Federal Implementation Plan for the Mohave Gener-ating Station’’ (FRL No. 9969–85–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3199. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Redesig-nation of the Chicago and Granite City Areas to Attainment of the 2008 Lead Standard’’ (FRL No. 9969–69–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 18, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–3200. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; NC; Open Burning and Miscellaneous Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9969– 77–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–3201. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; North Carolina; Open Burning and Miscellaneous Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9969–78–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 18, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–3202. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; Re-gional Haze Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9969– 87–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–3203. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Adjusted Applica-ble Dollar Amount for Fee Imposed by Sec-tions 4375 and 4376’’ (Notice 2017–61) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–3204. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Treatment of Amounts Paid to Section 170(c) Organiza-tions under Employer Leave-Based Donation Programs to Aid Victims of Hurricane and Tropical Storm Maria’’ (Notice 2017–62) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3205. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘September 2017 Supplement to Rev. Proc. 2014–64, Implemen-tation of Nonresident Alien Deposit Interest Regulations’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–46) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–3206. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 18, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3207. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2017–0171–2017–0175); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–3208. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the status of the Government of Cuba’s compliance with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC6.004 S23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6715 October 23, 2017 
United States-Cuba September 1994 ‘‘Joint Communique,’’ and on the treatment of per-sons returned to Cuba in accordance with the United States-Cuba May 1995 ‘‘Joint State-ment,’’ and the United States-Cuba January 2017 ‘‘Joint Statement’’; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–3209. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), transmit-ting, pursuant to law, four (4) reports rel-ative to vacancies in the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–3210. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–141, ‘‘Unity Health Care, Inc. Certificate of Need Maximum Fee Establish-ment Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3211. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–142, ‘‘Fort Dupont Ice Arena Programming Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–3212. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–143, ‘‘Voter Rolls Protection Temporary Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–3213. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Procedures for Re-questing Approval for a Change in Funding Method’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–57) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 16, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3214. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Automatic ap-proval for certain funding method changes for single-employer defined benefit pension plans subject to the minimum funding re-quirements of section 430’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017– 56) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–3215. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, National Mining Hall of Fame and Museum, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Museum’s 2016 annual report and finan-cial audit; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. EC–3216. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Hearings and Appeals, Small Business Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Record Disclosure and Pri-vacy’’ (RIN3245–AG52) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–3217. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9143)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3218. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0561)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3219. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0623)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3220. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0809)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3221. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9301)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3222. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9185)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3223. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0511)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3224. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0334)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3225. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; British Aerospace Regional Aircraft Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0639)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3226. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0494)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3227. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Defense and Space S.A. (Formerly Known as Construcciones Aeronauticas, S.A.) Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0555)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3228. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; General Electric Company Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Dock-et No. FAA–2017–0452)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3229. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce Deutschland Ltd and Co KG Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0140)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3230. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0767)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3231. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Siemens S.A.S. Smoke De-tectors’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0099)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3232. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Technify Motors GmbH Re-ciprocating Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Dock-et No. FAA–2017–0241)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Report to accompany S. 1536, A bill to des-ignate a human trafficking prevention coor-dinator and to expand the scope of activities authorized under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s outreach and edu-cation program to include human trafficking prevention activities, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–177). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC6.007 S23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6716 October 23, 2017 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 283 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 283, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treatment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as ra-diation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of service-connec-tion of certain disabilities by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 322 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 322, a bill to protect victims of do-mestic violence, sexual assault, stalk-ing, and dating violence from emo-tional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that merchandise arriving through the mail shall be sub-ject to review by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and to require the provision of advance electronic infor-mation on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other purposes. 
S. 591 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 591, a bill to expand eligibility for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, to expand benefits available to participants under such program, to enhance special com-pensation for members of the uni-formed services who require assistance in everyday life, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 654 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 654, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 916 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 916, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services. 
S. 1016 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1016, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ex-pand access to telehealth services, and for other purposes. S. 1073 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , his name was withdrawn as a cosponsor of S. 1073, a bill to authorize Escambia County, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restrictions on use and reconveyance. 
S. 1370 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1370, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to revise and extend projects relating to children and violence to provide access to school-based comprehensive mental health programs. 
S. 1421 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1421, a bill to support edu-cational entities in fully implementing title IX and reducing and preventing sex discrimination in all areas of edu-cation. 
S. 1589 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1589, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1693 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1693, a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforcement against pro-viders and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking. 
S. 1787 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1787, a bill to reauthorize the National Geologic Mapping Act of 1992. 
S. 1827 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1827, a bill to extend fund-ing for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1839 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1839, a bill to amend the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 to extend and expand the market access program and the for-eign market development cooperator program. 
S. 1893 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. NELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1893, a bill to amend the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act to specify when bank holding companies may be sub-ject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes. 
S. 1942 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1942, a bill to direct the Attorney General to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice protocols appropriate to address miss-ing and murdered Indians, and for other purposes. 
S. 1970 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1970, a bill to establish a public health plan. 
S.J. RES. 47 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S.J. Res. 47, a joint resolu-tion providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection relating to ‘‘Arbitra-tion Agreements’’. 
S. RES. 139 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Sen-ator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 139, a resolution condemning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the Inter-national Covenants on Human Rights. 
S. RES. 250 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 250, a resolution condemning hor-rific acts of violence against Burma’s Rohingya population and calling on Aung San Suu Kyi to play an active role in ending this humanitarian trag-edy. 
S. RES. 295 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 295, a resolution des-ignating October 2017 as ‘‘National Em-ployee Ownership Month’’. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1573. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2266, to amend title 28 of the United States Code to authorize the appointment of additional bankruptcy judges; and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC6.010 S23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6717 October 23, 2017 
SA 1574. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2266, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1575. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2266, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1576. Mr. SHELBY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2266, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1573. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2266, to amend title 28 of the United States Code to author-ize the appointment of additional bankruptcy judges; and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. (a) O FFSET .—Of the unobli-gated balances made available to each cov-ered executive department for fiscal year 2018, $36,517,000,000 are rescinded, on a pro rata basis, in accordance with subsection (b). (b) D
ISCRETION OF EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT  H
EAD.—The head of each covered executive department shall determine from which ac-counts of the covered executive department and in what amounts the funds required to be rescinded under subsection (a) will be re-scinded. (c) C
OVERED EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered executive de-partment’’ means— (1) an Executive agency, as defined in sec-tion 105 of title 5, United States Code; and (2) does not include the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. 
SA 1574. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2266, to amend title 28 of the United States Code to authorize the ap-pointment of additional bankruptcy judges; and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 5, lines 5 through 10, strike ‘‘ Pro- vided further,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Secretary of the Treasury:’’. At the end, add the following: DIVISION C—PUERTO RICO ENERGY DELIVERY RELIABILITY AND REFORM 
SEC. 2001. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE PRIVAT-IZATION OF THE PUERTO RICO ELECTRIC POWER AUTHORITY. 
It is the sense of Congress that privatizing the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority would lead to lower energy costs for elec-tricity customers in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
SEC. 2002. EXCEPTIONS TO APPLICATION OF COASTWISE LAWS FOR PUERTO RICO. 
Section 55101(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(1) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico;’’. 
SEC. 2003. TERMS AND AVAILABILITY OF CER-TAIN LOANS OR OTHER ASSISTANCE. 
Nothing in this Act authorizes any loan or other assistance made available under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)— (1) to include any terms that would impair any lien or collateral securing the claim of any creditor of— (A) a territory or possession of the United States or a local government agency of a ter-ritory or possession of the United States; or (B) an instrumentality of a territory or possession of the United States or a local government agency of a territory or posses-sion of the United States; or (2) to be made available for proceedings under title III of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Security Act (48 U.S.C. 2161 et seq.). SA 1575. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2266, to amend title 28 of the United States Code to author-ize the appointment of additional bankruptcy judges; and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In title II of division A, under the heading ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE’’, add at the end the following: O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  For an additional amount for the Office of the Secretary, $3,000,000,000, for necessary ex-penses related to crop losses and other con-sequences of Hurricanes Irma, Harvey, and Maria: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, payment and income limitations shall not apply with respect to payments made to producers pursuant to this paragraph: Provided further, That with respect to payments made to producers of citrus, fruits and vegetables, or nursery crops, the Secretary of Agriculture shall carry out this paragraph in a similar manner as under the Florida Hurricane Agriculture Disaster Assistance (Special Disaster Relief for Hurricanes Charley and Frances) pro-gram of the Farm Service Agency (as revised on September 30, 2004): Provided further, That such amount is designated by Congress as being for emergency requirements pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(i)). 
SA 1576. Mr. SHELBY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2266, to amend title 28 of the United States Code to author-ize the appointment of additional bankruptcy judges; and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 308 and insert the following: S
EC. 308. Section 1309(a) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘$30,425,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$46,425,000,000’’. f 
SAFER ACT OF 2017 Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 231, S. 1766. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1766) to reauthorize the SAFER Act of 2013, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Sexual Assault Forensic Evidence Reporting Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘SAFER Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PEDIATRIC SEXUAL ASSAULT NURSE EX-AMINERS. 
Section 304(c)(2) of the DNA Sexual Assault Justice Act of 2004 (34 U.S.C. 40723(c)(2)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, both adult and pediatric,’’ after ‘‘role of forensic nurses’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and elder abuse’’ and insert-ing ‘‘elder abuse, and, in particular, the need for pediatric sexual assault nurse examiners, in-cluding such nurse examiners working in the multidisciplinary setting, in responding to abuse of both children and adolescents’’. 
SEC. 3. REDUCING THE RAPE KIT BACKLOG. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 2(c)(4) of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (34 U.S.C. 40701(c)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. (b) S
UNSET .—Section 1006 of the SAFER Act of 2013 (34 U.S.C. 40701 note) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 1766), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 2017 Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Tuesday, October 24; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the House message to accompany H.R. 2266; further, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings; finally, that all time during morning business, recess, adjournment, and leader remarks count postcloture. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. DAINES. Madam President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:47 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, October 24, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC6.012 S23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6718 October 23, 2017 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DELTA REGIONAL AUTHORITY  
CHRISTOPHER CALDWELL, OF ARKANSAS, TO BE FED-ERAL COCHAIRPERSON, DELTA REGIONAL AUTHORITY, VICE CHRISTOPHER A. MASINGILL. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
KENNETH J. BRAITHWAITE, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNTIED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF NORWAY. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO SERVE AS THE DIRECTOR OF THE COAST GUARD RE-SERVE IN THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 53(B): To be rear admiral (lower half) 
REAR ADM. ANDREW S. MCKINLEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203(A): 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JAMES M. KELLY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE IN-DICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 271(E): 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. THOMAS ALLAN CAPT. LAURA M. DICKEY CAPT. DOUGLAS M. FEARS CAPT. JOHN W. MAUGER CAPT. NATHAN A. MOORE CAPT. BRIAN K. PENOYER CAPT. MATTHEW W. SIBLEY f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on October 23, 2017 withdrawing from further Sen-ate consideration the following nomi-nation: 
TOM MARINO, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL POLICY, VICE MICHAEL A. BOTTICELLI, RESIGNED, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SEN-ATE ON SEPTEMBER 5, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A23OC6.001 S23OCPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1399 October 23, 2017 
A TRIBUTE TO THE BAHA’I COM-MUNITY COMMEMORATING THE BICENTENNIAL OF THE BIRTH OF BAHA´’U’LLA´H 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Baha’i community as they celebrate the 200th anniversary of the birth of their founder, Baha´’u’lla´h. Born as a nobleman in Persia in 1817, Baha´’u’lla´h spread a message of peace and tolerance, emphasizing the fun-damental unity of all people. His teachings of peace among nations, equality between men and women, tolerance among religions, and justice for people of all races and nationalities are as important today as they were in the 19th century. Today, there are over 5 million Baha’is around the world, including a community in my Congressional District. In California and around the world, Baha’is strive to promote the ideals that Baha´’u’lla´h championed to pro-mote peace and unity throughout the world. They are active members of their communities and advocate for human rights, especially those of Baha’is in Iran who are unable to practice their religion openly. I encourage my colleagues to take up and pass H.Res. 274 to condemn Iran for its state- sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority, and its continuing violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-resentatives to join me in sending good wish-es to the Baha’i community of California’s 18th Congressional District and across the United States on the celebration of the 200th anniver-sary of the birth of Baha´’u’lla´h. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE FOOD PRODUCTION FACILITY IN STILWELL, OKLA-HOMA 
HON. MARKWAYNE MULLIN 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 75th anniversary of the Stilwell Oklahoma food production facility. The food production facility in Stilwell, originally called the Stilwell Canning Company, first opened on March 16, 1942 when World War II drove up the demand for canned items. An expansion project completed in 1999 made the Stilwell plant the largest frozen dessert production plant in the country. Schwan’s Company acquired the plant in 2003 when it purchased the Mrs. Smith’s pie brand from Flowers Foods. A recent $40 mil-lion investment by the Schwan’s Company gave the Stilwell dessert manufacturing facility a state-of-the-art pie line and put the facility on the leading edge of pie production in the in-dustry. Schwan’s Company is one of the larg-est employers in Adair County, with over 300 employees. The Mrs. Smith’s, Edwards, and Schwan’s pies and okra produced each day at this facil-ity are enjoyed by families across our great country. I am honored to recognize this facility today before the United States House of Rep-resentatives and I wish them a very happy 75th anniversary. f 
HONORING THE COMPLETION OF THE FOLSOM DAM JOINT FED-ERAL PROJECT 
HON. AMI BERA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to com-memorate the completion of the Folsom Dam Joint Federal Project. This project has been nine years in the making and will provide critical increased flood capacity with Folsom Dam. Last week, the Army Corps of Engineers transferred control of the new auxiliary spillway to the Bureau of Reclamation. In connection with the existing gates, the new auxiliary spillway will help release water more quickly from Folsom Reservoir to help create space for precipitation during our wet winters. I want to thank all of the engineers, con-struction workers and staff from both the Army Corps of Engineers and the Bureau of Rec-lamation who worked on this important project. These agencies worked together with the Cen-tral Valley Flood Protection Board and the Sacramento Area Flood Control Agency to get the project completed. The city of Sacramento faces the second highest flood risk in the country. So this new spillway is just one part of several infrastruc-ture upgrades to increase flood protection in the region. I look forward to working with my colleagues to support the remaining upgrades including completing levee repairs, updating the water control manual, and raising the dam walls. Finally, I want to also extend many thanks to Mr. David Thomas, who was the ACE Sac-ramento District Mega Project Center Director and the lead point person for the JFP. Soon, Mr. Thomas will retire after more than 30 years of service in the Army Corps of Engi-neers. He has served in a wide variety of sta-tions from New York and Houston to Italy, Af-ghanistan and Iraq. Mr. Thomas received his Bachelor’s degree of Engineering in 1985 from Texas A&M University. In 1993, he attended the Army Management Staff College and also holds a Master’s degree in Public Administra-tion in 1995 from Harvard University. I want to thank him for his work over the past 5 years here in Sacramento as the Mega Project Director and his instrumental role in to helping get this project across the finish line. Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mr. Thomas and wish him the best in retirement and his next adven-ture. The Joint Federal Project has been a great example of how cooperation should work between government agencies and what hap-pens when we make government work on be-half of the American people. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ROBERT NEWLEN 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Robert Newlen, for his decades of service to the Library of Congress. Beginning his career in 1975 at the Congressional Research Serv-ice and working his way up to Deputy Librar-ian of Congress, Mr. Newlen is truly an inspi-ration. During his time at the Library of Congress, he has served in various capacities, including assistant director and then director of the Knowledge Services Group in CRS, law librar-ian for collections, outreach and services in the Law Library, the Library of Congress’ Chief of Staff, and as of last year the Deputy Librar-ian of Congress. Mr. Newlen’s personal com-mitment and devotion to the institution is un-paralleled. He has committed his entire profes-sional career, 43 years to be exact, to making the Library of Congress a vital part of the de-liberations of the legislative branch. Mr. Newlen’s behind-the-scenes efforts in the Law Library were critical in bringing the Magna Carta, one of history’s most celebrated documents and a major influence on our Founding Fathers, to the Library of Congress for exhibit in 2014. Mr. Newlen is known as a quiet leader and a mentor among his colleagues and friends at the Library, who has inspired many and has forever left his mark on this great institution. I have had the good fortune of interacting with Mr. Newlen many times. As many say, he is a gentleman and a scholar. After leaving the Library of Congress, Mr. Newlen will be moving to my home state of California to work as the head of the Dwight D. Opperman Foundation. Mr. Speaker, Rob-ert Newlen has been an extraordinary public servant, and I know the House of Representa-tives joins me in wishing him well in the future. 
f 
HONORING CHICAGO’S POLISH HIGHLANDERS MARUSZYNA KOLO NO. 35 ON ITS 40TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Chicago’s Maruszyna Kolo No. 35, a lodge of the Polish Highlanders Alliance of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23OC8.001 E23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1400 October 23, 2017 
North America, which celebrates its 40th anni-versary on October 21, 2017. As a member of the Polish Highlanders Alli-ance, the lodge aims to organize Polish High-landers in the Chicago area into a cohesive family. In addition to providing a meeting place for Highlanders across the Chicago area, the lodge cultivates Polish Highlander arts, cus-toms, and traditions. The members also pro-vide material assistance to the church and two schools in the village of Maruszyna in Poland. The lodge, located at 4808 S. Archer Ave-nue, is an important pillar of the community on the Southwest Side of Chicago. Polish High-landers come from all across the region for celebrations at Maruszyna Kolo. On the first weekend of August every year, the lodge hosts a picnic on the same day that the village of Maruszyna hosts a fair celebrating its an-nual parish holiday. The picnic is attended by over 400 guests annually. The lodge also hosts a celebration during the second week of January where members share Christmas wa-fers and mark the end of Christmas celebra-tions by wishing one another well for the New Year. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing all that Maruszyna Kolo No. 35 does to bring together Polish Highlanders in the Chicago area and to support Poland. The lodge’s dedication to community is admirable and I wish them the best as they continue their traditions and service for generations to come. One hundred years (Sto lat). 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF WSRE 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the fiftieth anniversary of WSRE. WSRE–TV is viewer supported Public Broad-casting Station for the Gulf Coast. On Sep-tember II, 1967, WSRE began its over-the-air broadcast television station on UHF Channel l23 and today broadcasts four digital channels. WSRE was an early pioneer producing na-tional, quality programing beginning with Earl Peyroux’s Gourmet Cooking to its most recent documentary They Were Our Fathers. WSRE is licensed to the District Board of Trustees of Pensacola State College. Its 43,000 square foot facility includes three stu-dios that are used to produce local program-ming. The facility houses a full-time staff, as well as volunteers who contribute thousands of hours of service on a regular basis. The mission of WSRE is to open doors to a larger world with quality programming and educational outreach services for every person on the Gulf Coast who desires to be more educated, informed and entertained. WSRE helps people make informed decisions with a better understanding of the community and world in which they live. As a community-sup-ported, outreach service of Pensacola State College, WSRE brings forth culture and ideas that enhance the quality of life and promote the joy of discovery and learning. The vision of WSRE is to positively influ-ence the daily lives of all on the Gulf Coast through broadcast programming and edu-cational outreach services that encourage us to engage more deeply in the world around us. WSRE has always and continues to dem-onstrate an exceptional dedication to edu-cation and learning. From the very start, WSRE has partnered with local school districts to provide edu-cational resources that enhance learning in the classroom. Through community partner-ships WSRE enriches the efforts of Pensacola in becoming ‘‘America’s First Early Learning City’’ and launched the 24/7 WSRE PBS KIDS channel and mobile app. By utilizing the latest digital technology, the Imagination Station at Wahoo Stadium, provides exposure for thou-sands of children and guardians each year to the resources and value of early learning. Television reaches a large number of per-sons from all walks of life and WSRE keeps the community connected through its various local and national programs. WSRE’s commit-ment to the surrounding communities has proven to be deeply valuable and has endured throughout the decades. By operating as a public television station, WSRE also encourages an informed elec-torate by producing RALLY candidate forums and Legislative Review to connect the commu-nity with lawmakers since the 1970s while also broadcasting The Florida Channel. I would like to extend my gratitude to all who have served in any capacity with WSRE throughout its 50 years. WSRE has been and will continue to be a steadfast and invaluable contributor to the enhancement and growth of our community and to all who have benefited from its services. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to congratulate WSRE on 50 years of providing quality pro-gramming and educational outreach services to Northwest Florida. 
f 
HONORING MAYOR BARBARA SHARIEF 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, it’s my privilege to recognize my good friend, The Honorable Barbara Sharief of Miramar, Florida, on her successful tenure as mayor of Broward County. Mayor Sharief is the first African American woman, as well as the first Muslim, to serve as Broward County mayor. She was first elect-ed to the nine-member County Commission in 2010, was elected mayor by her fellow com-missioners in November 2013, and was re- elected in 2015. As mayor, she oversees Broward County’s $4.3 billion operating budg-et, which operates the Fort Lauderdale-Holly-wood International Airport, Port Everglades, and a variety of regional services, such as parks, libraries, public works, and transit. Mayor Sharief has focused her mayoralty on the theme of ‘‘Broward Means Business.’’ Mayor Sharief understands that small busi-ness is the backbone of our economy and has steadfastly highlighted and promoted county programs to ensure they succeed and thrive. To that end, she has begun every commission meeting by recognizing the civic leadership of one business in Broward County. As she concludes her second term, Mayor Sharief continues the county’s tradition of hosting the Mayor’s Gala to raise funds for the United Way’s Mission United program, helping veterans transition from active duty to civilian life. In addition to making Broward County a bet-ter place for all business, Mayor Sharief man-ages her own business, South Florida Pedi-atric Home Care Inc., which she built from the ground up. She holds both a Master of Science in Nursing and an Advanced Reg-istered Nurse Practitioner degree from Florida International University, and is pursuing a Doctorate of Nursing Practice. In addition to her role as mayor, businessowner, and stu-dent, she is also the mother of five children- Amanda, Zach, Alyssa, Meia, and Hailey. Mayor Sharief is an extraordinary public servant whom I am proud to have worked alongside for the betterment of the residents of Broward County. I thank her for her dedi-cated service, and I wish her much success in all her future endeavors. f 
HONORING NICK LARIGAKIS FOR HIS 30 YEARS OF SERVICE STRENGTHENING U.S.-GREECE RELATIONS THROUGH HIS WORK AT THE AMERICAN HELLENIC IN-STITUTE (AHI) 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize the extensive and unique contribu-tions that my friend, Nick Larigakis, has made in strengthening the strategic alliance between the United States and Greece throughout his impressive 30-year tenure at the American Hellenic Institute. The American Hellenic Insti-tute (AHI) is a non-profit Greek American pub-lic policy center which Mr. Larigakis has led with his renowned passion for justice and the rule of law. He manages the day-to-day oper-ations of AHI and its affiliated organizations. He is directly responsible for strategic plan-ning, policy analysis, public affairs, govern-ment relations, financial development and communications—essentially a one man show. During his many years of distinguished serv-ice, Mr. Larigakis has hosted 70 successful legislative conferences and two trade con-ferences. He has also hosted multiple Con-gressional fact-finding trips to Greece and Cy-prus, and led nine summits on the Future of Hellenism in America. Through his tireless ad-vocacy and unwavering commitment to Hel-lenic causes he has molded AHI into a pre-mier organization that regularly makes mean-ingful contributions in the public policy arena. As Co-Chair of the Congressional Caucus on Hellenic Affairs, as well as Co-Founder and Co-Chair of the Congressional Hellenic Israel Alliance, I, along with my colleagues have es-pecially benefitted from Nick’s counsel and from the support of AHI in fostering mutually beneficial relations between the United States, Cyprus and Greece. His effective and re-spected political advocacy work has educated and informed the U.S. Congress about the protection and promotion of Hellenic-American interests. Furthermore, his efforts have helped 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23OC8.005 E23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1401 October 23, 2017 
form a strong bond within the Hellenic commu-nity and served as an invaluable resource for Philhellenes throughout our great nation. I congratulate Mr. Larigakis on reaching this important milestone in his career and thank him for his outstanding service, which has benefited our country, Greece, Cyprus and Hellenes worldwide while helping to preserve our rich cultural heritage. I look forward to working with him for many years to come. In the astute words of Pericles, ‘‘What you leave behind is not what is engraved in stone monu-ments, but what is woven into the lives of oth-ers.’’ Throughout his remarkable career, Mr. Larigakis has left behind a passion for perpet-uating the cornerstones of Hellenism: justice and democracy. Axios. 
f 
IN HONOR OF LIEUTENANT COLO-NEL (RET) SAMUEL MILTON SELBY ROLLINSON 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a respected public serv-ant, outstanding citizen, and hero to his com-munity, Lieutenant Colonel (Ret) Samuel Mil-ton Selby Rollinson. Sadly, Lt. Col. Rollinson passed away on Friday, September 22, 2017. A memorial service will be held on Saturday, October 28, 2017 at the Fort Benning Infantry Chapel at 2:00 pm. A native of Jacksonville, Florida, Samuel was born to Sam and Ruth Rollinson, as the fourth of five sons. After graduating from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, in 1982, he was commissioned as a ranger and later promoted to an infantry lieutenant, where he received his Airborne badge. Following his retirement from the Army as a Lieutenant Colonel, Samuel served as a gov-ernment civilian by becoming Fort Benning’s first Protocol Officer. He then served as the Civilian Deputy Chief of Staff, and ultimately, the Deputy TRADOC Capability Manager for the Stryker Brigade Combat Team. His co- workers and fellow servicemen cherished his seasoned wisdom and passion for reveling in the beauties of life. George Washington Carver once said, ‘‘No individual has any right to come into the world and go out of it without leaving behind him distinct and legitimate reasons for having passed through it.’’ Although his passing was tragic and before his time, Lt. Col. Rollinson proved to us all what it truly meant to be a hero. He left this world doing what he loved most—serving the people of Fort Benning and Columbus, Georgia. His impression on this earth extends beyond himself to the very wellbeing of his community, and for that he will be remembered for time to come. For his outstanding selflessness to the Co-lumbus community, he was awarded the Ro-tary Club Mary Reed Award. Beyond this achievement and the respect held for him by servicemen and civilians, he was an honorable human being who loved deeply and, in return, was deeply loved. Lt. Col. Rollinson is survived by his mother, Ruth; wife of 32 years, Sarah; children, Sam, Michelle, and Zack; daughter-in-law, Kath-erine; brothers, Jon Martin, Matt and Jim; and a host of friends and those whose lives he has impacted. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife, Vivian, the nearly 730,000 people in Georgia’s 2nd Congressional Dis-trict, and all Americans, in extending our sin-cerest appreciation to Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Milton Selby Rollinson, for his dedi-cated service to our nation and to his commu-nity. I ask my colleagues in the House of Rep-resentatives to join us in extending our deep-est sympathies to Lieutenant Colonel Rollinson’s family, friends and loved ones dur-ing this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. f 
CELEBRATING ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF STAFF SERGEANT JAMES HARRELL, U.S. MARINE CORPS, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the accomplishments of Staff Sergeant James Harrell, U.S. Marine Corps, Retired, who served his country and continues to selflessly serve his fellow vet-erans and his community following his retire-ment. He is a fitting recipient of a Congres-sional Veteran Commendation. SSG Harrell served six years in the United States Marine Corps, including two tours in Vietnam. During his service, SSG Harrell was a recipient of numerous awards and recogni-tions, including the Marine Combat Action Rib-bon. After being Honorably Discharged, SSG Harrell returned to Texas where he rose to be-come the Assistant Chief Deputy for Williamson County’s Sheriff’s Department. SSG Harrell’s love for his country is matched only by his commitment to his fellow service members. After recognizing the needs of our county’s less fortunate veterans, SSG Harrell joined his good friend Major Barry Richard, United States Air Force, Retired to help over twelve Williamson County veterans by rebuilding homes, bringing them up to code, doing repairs, and more for over five years. Together, they’ve made real and lasting impacts on the lives of their fellow veterans. SSG Harrell serves his fellow men with the same dedication, honor, and humility with which he defended his country. He exemplifies what it means to be an American, consistently placing his country and fellow men before him-self. I thank and commend SSG Harrell, a passionate leader with a servant’s heart, for his dedication and service. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I am not re-corded because I was absent due to a family commitment. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 564, YEA on Roll Call No. 565, YEA on Roll Call No. 566, NAY on Roll Call No. 567, and YEA on Roll Call No. 568. f 
RECOGNIZING MARGE MEDELLIN IN CELEBRATION OF HER 80TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Ms. Marge Medellin’s 80th birthday celebration. Marge is the former mayor of Madera, California and a dear friend of mine. She has been an inspiration to many and trail-blazer throughout her career in public service. It is both fitting and appropriate that we honor Marge as she celebrates this special mile-stone. Margaret Medellin was born on October 8, 1937 to Mary and James Martinez. She is a lifelong resident of Madera. Marge overcame adversity at a young age and went on to have a successful career at the Madera County Of-fice of Education. She worked there from July 1956 to December 2002. Marge was married in 1957. She was blessed with four children, eight grandchildren and four great grandchildren. A call to service and the desire to help the community led Marge to run for the Madera City Council. She was first elected in March 1978, serving two terms from March 1978 to December 1986 and another term from De-cember 1988 to December 1992. Marge served the city of Madera as mayor, beginning in 1982, for two consecutive terms and an ad-ditional four-year term. She was recognized by the state as California’s first Latina Mayor. Aside from her career in office, Marge has served on countless boards and commissions throughout the years. She is a founding mem-ber of the Pan American Club which provides college scholarships for young Hispanic stu-dents. She is also a founding member of Latinas Unidas, an organization that empow-ers young Hispanic women. One of her proudest moments came in De-cember 2016, when Marge swore in her son Andy Medellin as the mayor of Madera. Marge and Andy are believed to be the first mother and son elected mayor to the same city in California. Marge is a true pioneer. She is known as an advocate for equal rights and always leads by example. Marge has served as a mentor and inspiration to many. She has made an indel-ible mark on Madera and our Valley. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I ask my colleagues to join me today in recog-nizing Marge Medellin as she celebrates her 80th birthday. I ask that you join me in wishing her and her family continued health and happi-ness. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LIFE OF FREDERICK SPENCER CRITTENDEN 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of Frederick Spencer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23OC8.003 E23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1402 October 23, 2017 
Crittenden, a resident of Virginia’s First Dis-trict, who passed away on September 27, 2017. Fred was a graduate of Syringa High School and Randolph-Macon College, where he is a distinguished alumnus. He played minor league baseball for the Orlando Sen-ators before being drafted into the United States Air Force to serve this great nation. After his service, Fred was a player, coach, and manager of the Deltaville ‘‘Deltas’’ base-ball team. He started the Middlesex Baseball League for boys serving as the organizations first president. Fred and his father ran T.H. Crittenden & Son, Riverdale Farm where they raised hogs, cattle, vegetables, and grain. He went on to start a purebred Duroc Swine herd and found the Virginia Purebred Livestock International promoting the swine industry in Virginia and globally. Fred was inducted into the Virginia Livestock Hall of Fame. Fred made an impact on the community serving as a member of the Board of Directors of the Deltaville Civic Association, Middlesex County School Board, Middlesex County Board of Supervisors, Middlesex County So-cial Security Services board, and the Airport Committee. Fred is survived by his wife, Jane; daughter, Susan; sons, Thomas and Gerald; eight grandchildren, and two great grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in honoring Fred’s life and his service to Virginia. 
f 
HONORING STAFF SERGEANT RUFUS HONEYCUTT, USMC, RE-TIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Staff Sergeant Rufus Honeycutt, USMC, Retired for his dedication and commitment to our country. SSG Honeycutt’s extraordinary devotion to commu-nity and service reflects the best values of Central Texas. He is a fitting and worthy re-cipient of a Congressional Veterans Com-mendation. SSG Honeycutt enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1960, and spent six years proudly defending his country. His military ca-reer included wartime deployment with the first combat unit to see action in Vietnam and earned him numerous awards and medals in-cluding the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal for Vietnam Service. Following his military career, Rufus has served those around him with boundless altru-ism and exemplary leadership. A profoundly respected pillar of the Round Rock commu-nity, SSG Honeycutt has dedicated his time to numerous community organizations, including six years of service on the Round Rock City Council. He continues to support fellow vet-erans by providing transportation to the VA, working as the Blood Drive Coordinator at Ft. Hood, and much more. He has volunteered countless hours in his community, and has consistently placed his neighbors’ needs be-fore his own. For these reasons and many more, his community came together in 2002 to honor Rufus Honeycutt as Round Rock Citizen of the Year. SSG Honeycutt is a hero who has devoted his life to defending our freedoms abroad and serving his community at home. Dedicated public servants like him make Central Texas a great place to live. I join his family and friends in saluting his honored work and commitment to our country. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ROBERT DA-VID’S INDUCTION INTO THE MICHIGAN ASSOCIATION OF BROADCASTERS HALL 
HON. DAVID A. TROTT 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cel-ebrate the career of Novi resident Robert David. For over 38 years, Mr. David has built a distinguished broadcasting career hallmarked by his passion for broadcasting ex-cellence, dedication to community service, and political activism. After an extensive radio broadcasting sales and management career, Mr. David founded Handyman Productions, where as President and General Manager, he produces the award-winning, nationally-syndicated ‘‘Handy-man Show with Glenn Haege’’ to help home-owners maintain and improve their homes and neighborhoods. Both in the control room and outside the studio, Mr. David is a pillar of our community. Raising over $1 million in scholarships for broadcasting students, Mr. David has helped cultivate the next generation of broadcasters. Furthermore, he is someone dedicated to pro-tecting and preserving our neighborhoods, graduating from the FBI Citizen’s Academy, Lakes Area Citizen’s Police Academy, and Novi Ambassador Academy. This year, Mr. David’s career is bestowed a distinction fitting of his lifetime of accomplish-ments—induction into the Michigan Associa-tion of Broadcasters (MAB) Hall of Fame. Joining the broadcasting icons of our great State of Michigan, he is sure to fit right in with the best of the best. My heartfelt congratulations to Mr. David on this well-deserved recognition. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. LARRY SERVIES 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute a remarkable Hoosier, Mr. Larry Servies, who is being honored by the community in Montgomery County for his 67 years of service as a volunteer fireman. I wish to express my heartfelt gratitude and ap-preciation for his leadership and service to the Waveland community. Mr. Servies is a lifelong Hoosier and Waveland resident. He was a charter member of the Waveland Community Volunteer Fire Department and served 30 years as its chief. In those years of leadership, he has been credited with overseeing the purchase of a new fire truck, building a new fire station, steadfastly meeting regulation requirements, and providing quality training to future genera-tions of volunteer firefighters. Though he has already devoted 67 years of service to the Waveland Fire Department, it is my under-standing he is not going anywhere and plans to remain a member of the department as long as his good health stays with him. Mr. Servies embodies the generous spirit and dedication to community like so many of our volunteer firefighters in Indiana and across this country. He is an army veteran, a member of the Waveland Covenant United Methodist Church, and has been active in various com-munity service organizations and trade asso-ciations. As a long-time businessman, Mr. Servies owned and operated a furniture store, hardware and lumber business, and funeral home which provided needed products and services to the Waveland community. I am honored to congratulate Mr. Larry Servies for his dedication to helping make Waveland a safer and better place to live. His commitment to the community serves as an example for all of us on how to be good citi-zens. May God continue to bless Mr. Servies and the Waveland Community Volunteer Fire Department. f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL RAUL VILLARONGA, U.S. ARMY, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the service and achieve-ments of an esteemed and valued citizen of Killeen, Texas. Colonel Raul Villaronga, U.S. Army Retired, has dedicated himself to serving his community and is an embodiment of the Army values of honor, loyalty, and selfless service. He is a deserving recipient of a Con-gressional Veteran Commendation. His commission as an Infantry 2nd Lieuten-ant in 1959 began his 24 years of service in which he completed assignments in Fort Bragg, the Panama Canal Zone, Vietnam, Germany, and Fort Hood. While assigned to the 8th Special Forces Group, he participated in numerous classified Mobile Training Teams in Central and South America. COL Villaronga deservingly received awards including the Sil-ver Star, the Bronze Star Medal, the Legion of Merit, and the Meritorious Service Medal as a testament to his exemplary service. COL Villaronga is a respected citizen serv-ing in a number of roles showcasing his com-mitment to community and nation. Returning from the Air Force, COL Villaronga served three terms as Mayor of Killeen. As Mayor, he founded the Killeen Youth Advisory Commis-sion and worked on the Joint Use Agreement for the Robert Gray Army Airfield. As Chair-man of the Killeen League of United Latin American Citizens Council 4535 Foundation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23OC8.008 E23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1403 October 23, 2017 
COL Villaronga has been responsible for the donation of over $175,000 in scholarships for local graduating seniors. He continues to serve veterans in his community alongside his wife. His tireless efforts have made Central Texas a place that we’re proud to call home. COL Villaronga’s patriotism and commitment to service reflect the very best values of Cen-tral Texas. He is a hero who has devoted his life to defending our freedoms abroad and serving his community at home. I join his wife, Julia, along with his family and friends in wish-ing him the best in the years ahead. 
f 
BAHA’I BICENTENARY 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, on the 200th anniversary of the birth of Baha’u’llah, the founder of the Baha’i Faith, it is with great pleasure that I send warm greetings to the Baha’i community of South Florida and be-yond. Baha’is have thrived in the United States for over 120 years, making the world a better place by being good citizens, serving their communities, and working with those around them to promote the common good. With over five million followers around the world, the Baha’i Faith continues to promote Baha’u’llah’s message of justice, unity, and peace, as it calls for equality, education, inter-faith harmony, and international cooperation, and an end to racial prejudice. Despite the Baha’i message of peace, Ba-ha’is in Iran continue to endure severe perse-cution because of their faith. In the last two Congresses, I have been honored to introduce a resolution which condemns ‘‘the Govern-ment of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights.’’ Last year the House unanimously passed this resolution, sending a strong mes-sage that Iran must be held accountable for its actions, and we continue to garner strong bi-partisan support for a similar measure, H. Res. 274, this year. As we celebrate the bicentenary of the birth of Baha’u’llah, let us remember his words: ‘‘so powerful is the light of unity that it can illu-minate the whole earth.’’ In our quest for jus-tice and peace, we must all work together to combat religious persecution whenever and wherever it is found My best wishes to the entire Baha’i commu-nity on this very special occasion. 
f 
HONORING THELMA COLLINS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor and celebrate the re-tirement of Ms. Thelma Collins, who has tire-lessly devoted herself to the betterment of Itta Bena, Mississippi, through her works as a Servant Mayor for 12 years. As a native to this Delta community, Mrs. Collins has always be-lieved in her dreams to see Itta Bena develop into a vibrant, healthy place for growing up and growing old. In the pursuit of her vision, Mrs. Collins at-tended and graduated from Mississippi Valley State University, and then continued her edu-cation by receiving a Master’s Degree at Mis-sissippi State University. Post-graduation, Mrs. Collins began her career with over 30 years in education—serving as a teacher, an adjunct professor at Mississippi Valley State Univer-sity, and as a recognized member of many civil and spiritual boards. In August 1996, Mrs. Collins was elected to serve her first Mayoral term in the city of Itta Bena, Mississippi. After sitting four years out of office, Mrs. Collins’ continued vision in-spired her to return to office and serve a sec-ond term in 2005. Still hopeful to see a pro-gressive Itta Bena, Ms. Collins returned to serve a spiritual led third term in 2009. How-ever, due to the poor economic state of Itta Bena, Ms. Collins refused a salary, and served this final term pro bono. Amongst Mrs. Collins many noteworthy ac-complishments, is her dedication and the suc-cess she achieved in not only getting the IRS to remove the city’s lien, but also to abate it’s more than $200,000 tax debt. Mrs. Collins has been married to Reverend Johnny Collins for forty-nine years. They have one son, John Paul Collins, a daughter-in-law, and five grandchildren. At this juncture during her retirement, her ultimate aspiration is to continue her works in the improvement and livelihood of her citizens of Itta Bena, while re-maining close and led by her relationship with Christ. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating Mrs. Thelma Collins, for her dedication and service to the great city of Itta Bena, Mississippi. f 
DALLAS LOVE FIELD CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the centen-nial of Dallas Love Field Airport, which cele-brated one hundred years of operation this month. Since the airport’s opening in 1917, Dallas Love Field has experienced tremen-dous growth and positive change that has strengthened the Dallas area in a multitude of ways. Today, Dallas Love Field stands as an invaluable gateway for North Texas. Dallas Love Field is rich in history and cul-ture. The airport was initially opened as an Army Air Service field, named for Lieutenant Moss Lee Love, the eighth aviation officer to be killed and the 10th fatality in Army aviation. However, as flying became more accessible airlines. started conducting commercial flights out of Love Field and eventually the airport was made the headquarters for Southwest Air-lines when the company was founded in 1971. Throughout American history, it has stood as an important landmark, not only for the City of Dallas, but for the entire United States as well. The airport has hosted aviation pioneer Charles Lindbergh, after recently finishing the first flight from New York to Paris. In 1959, Lady Bird Johnson celebrated the launching of the first jet service, an American Airlines 707, out of Love Field. Later, in November of 1963, the airport hosted an historic moment during one of the most shocking days that our coun-try has ever lived through, the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. It was at Love Field where First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy stood by Lyndon Johnson’s side as he was sworn in as President. Today, countless Americans rely heavily on Love Field’s convenient access to air travel and the first class amenities that it provides for travelers. Love Field stands as a model for other municipalities in how to manage and grow a self-support airport of this caliber. I am proud to recognize Dallas Love Field during this important milestone, and I look forward to experiencing even more positive growth and change at Love Field in the coming years. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ALFRED WILLIAM D
ESANTIS, SR. 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Alfred William De Santis, Sr. for his 55 years of service to the Port-Au-Peck Chemical Hose Company No. 1 in Oceanport, New Jer-sey. Mr. De Santis’ outstanding record will be celebrated at the company’s 40th annual ‘‘Old Timer’s Night,’’ which Mr. De Santis himself originated. Mr. De Santis’ leadership and commitment to the department is evident. A Life Member and Ex-Chief, Mr. De Santis began his service with the company in March of 1962. In addi-tion to his election as Chief of the Oceanport Fire Department in 1971, Mr. De Santis also served as Captain, Secretary and Treasurer of the company. He was elected Company Presi-dent for six terms. He remains an active mem-ber of the company and is dedicated to his fel-low fire fighters, organizing the annual ‘‘Old Timer’s Night’’ celebrating and honoring mem-bers for the past 40 years. In addition to his service with the Oceanport Fire Department, Mr. De Santis was a mem-ber of the Fire Police Division for 30 years and served as Secretary of the Oceanport Relief Association and Secretary of the Exempt As-sociation of Oceanport for 35 years. He also held leadership positions with the Ex Chief’s Association of Eatontown, Oceanport and West Long Branch. Mr. Speaker, once again, I join with the Port-Au-Peck Chemical Hose Company No. 1 in honoring Alfred William De Santis, Sr. on his outstanding record of accomplishment. Mr. De Santis has dutifully served Oceanport for 55 years and his selfless commitment is truly deserving of this body’s recognition. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ‘‘MOTHER’’ ROSA M
CKIE 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of ‘‘Mother’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23OC8.012 E23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1404 October 23, 2017 
Rosa McKie, who for the past 50 years has shown tremendous dedication to the commu-nity of the Mason Temple Church of God in Christ on Williams Avenue in Brooklyn. Known as a source of pure kindness, inspi-ration and fortitude, Ms. McKie’s longstanding service to the Church earned her the title of ‘‘Church Mother’’. Ms. McKie migrated to New York in 1943 and has since called Brooklyn her home. A World War II Navy Bride, she married the late Charles McKie as he was on active duty. This summer, on July 17th, she turned 100 years old, proving that age has not slowed her from counseling, nurturing and in-vesting in her community. Present at nearly every worship service that takes place at the Church, Ms. McKie has ful-filled roles as diverse as usher, Choir Director, and outreach missionary. It is this spirit of will-ingness to meet every need that has earned her such a warm legacy among congregants. It is my great honor to wish Mother McKie a joyful birthday and lifetime celebration as she leaves her daily role with the Church to relocate and live with her daughter. For some-one who has been a living inspiration for so many, it is my deep hope that this service is a chance for her community to return the love. 
f 
HONORING FIRST SERGEANT WILL WILLIAMS, U.S. ARMY, RETIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor First Sergeant Will Williams, U.S. Army, Retired, of Round Rock, Texas, for his selfless dedication and service to our na-tion and his continued, unparalleled contribu-tions to his community. I’m honored to award him a Congressional Veterans Commendation. Following his enlistment in 1976, SGT Wil-liams contributed 24 years of service that in-cluded deployments from Panama and Soma-lia, to Desert Shield and Desert Storm as an Army Ranger, Small Weapons Specialist with the 2nd Division. His commitment to keeping our nation safe is in his blood. Three genera-tions of his family served in combat roles in the United States Army, and among the three they share 4 Bronze Star Medals. SGT Williams’ service and sense of duty did not culminate with his military service. Upon returning to Round Rock, SGT Williams dedi-cated his civilian life to the uplifting and better-ment of his community. In 2013, he helped raise $50,000 for Dell’s Children’s Hospital and over $10,000 for the Ronald McDonald House. In Round Rock, SGT Williams orga-nized a food drive, sent out a care package to deployed soldiers, and provided clothing and supplies to 300 foster kids through Project Care. His service has been recognized and appre-ciated throughout the community. SGT Wil-liams was recognized with the Service to Man-kind Award by the Round Rock Sertoma Club, received the Leadership Award from the ‘‘Heart of Texas Award’’ organization, and was honored with the Governor’s Lone Star Achievement Award from Texas Governor Greg Abbott. I commend First Sergeant Will Williams’ selfless service to his community and nation. His commitment to excellence and citizenship reflect the best values we hold as Americans. I join his family, friends, and colleagues in sa-luting his great work and dedication to our country. f 
CHARLESTON HIGH SCHOOL GOLF 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise before you today to congratulate Charleston High School for winning the 2017 IHSA Class 2A Boys State Golf Tournament. In their State Championship effort, the Tro-jans set a new school record by six strokes with a team score of 599 over the two day tournament. The members of the Charleston High School Golf team dedicated their State Championship, like they had their entire 2017 season, to their classmate and friend Jordan Holly, who passed away this past May. I com-mend these young people for selflessly hon-oring others during one of their greatest achievements. Mr. Speaker, I want to extend my congratu-lations to the Head Coach Randy Hapster and to team members Keegan Gowin, Ben Lanman, Robert Rardin, Preston Smith, Blake Wolfe, and Zach Will. They should all be very proud of their accomplishments this season and I wish them nothing but the best for the future. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JOHNNY C. TAYLOR, JR. 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding leader and defender of Historically Black Colleges and Universities and their students. Johnny C. Taylor, Jr. has served as the President and CEO of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund since 2010, and today, we honor his service to the nearly 300,000 students the organization represents. Named for the first African American justice of the United States Supreme Court, the Thurgood Marshall College Fund honors Jus-tice Marshall’s legacy by assisting in the de-velopment of tomorrow’s leader. Through Johnny C. Taylor, Jr.’s leadership, this organization has advanced the education of students through scholarships, programs and research initiatives. Thurgood Marshall College Fund member schools confer more degrees than any other Historically Black Col-leges and Universities organization and pro-vides access to an extraordinary pipeline of talented individuals as they enter the work-force. Johnny C. Taylor, Jr. has been an instru-mental part of Thurgood Marshall College Fund’s mission: ‘‘Changing the World . . . One Leader at a Time.’’ His impact can never be fully measured, but we appreciate his dedi-cation and service to many of our nation’s stu-dents. CELEBRATING THE SERVICE AND ACHIEVEMENTS OF CAPTAIN DENNIS DEWINE, U.S. ARMY, RE-TIRED 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the service and achieve-ments of an esteemed and valued citizen, Captain Dennis DeWine, U.S. Army, Retired. He has dedicated himself to his community and nation and is an embodiment of the Army values of honor, loyalty, and selfless service. CPT DeWine is a fitting and worthy recipient of a Congressional Veterans Commendation. CPT DeWine joined the Army in 1967 as a helicopter pilot and spent the next seven years flying over the treacherous skies of Vietnam. As a testament to his valorous service, the President of the United States presented CPT DeWine with the Distinguished Flying Cross award for his actions above and beyond the call of duty. After being Honorably Discharged CPT DeWine was inducted into the Ohio Mili-tary Hall of Fame for Valor. CPT DeWine’s leadership skills have been invaluable throughout his post-military career. After rejoining civilian life, he became the founder, broker, and president of ERA Colo-nial Real Estate and Colonial Residential Properties, Inc. Despite his busy schedule, CPT DeWine remains dedicated to serving his community. He can often be found in jeans and boots working alongside his friends and neighbors. CPT DeWine’s passion to serve is evident through his participation and leader-ship in numerous organizations, such as Cen-tral Texas Voices for Life, where he serves as Chairman. CPT DeWine has also proven his commitment to serving others through his company’s efforts to successfully raise $100,000 for Muscular Dystrophy. Despite his business and charitable commit-ments, CPT DeWine has found time to raise a close-knit family, volunteer in community or-ganizations, and remain active in his church. With admiration and deep respect, I pay trib-ute to Dennis DeWine for his sacrifices and the lasting impact he has had on his commu-nity and country. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF TONY REED 
HON. DAVE BRAT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-member Anthony ‘‘Tony’’ Reed who passed away in June, and was a good friend who had a deep love for America. Born in the United Kingdom in 1938 as it was hurtling towards the start of World War II, Tony eventually immigrated to Virginia with his mother and stepfather in 1947. Before his 20th birthday, Tony enlisted in the U.S. Army Re-serve and joined the C&P Telephone Com-pany. Tony’s reserve career was distin-guished, rising from the rank of Private to Colonel in the Army Special Forces. He also achieved the status of Master Parachutist, log-ging over 900 parachute jumps. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23OC8.017 E23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1405 October 23, 2017 
In 2015, Tony sat down with me and my former Chief of Staff to discuss a white paper he wrote for my attention on China. He was a Senior Fellow at The International Strategic Studies Association and was steeped in world history. Tony was a true gentleman and schol-ar and gave us many great memories. Tony will certainly be missed. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. MERRILL O. NAYLOR BEING NAMED A RE-CIPIENT OF THE 2017 CARNEGIE MEDAL FOR ACTS OF EXTRAOR-DINARY CIVILIAN HEROISM 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great American and my constituent, Mr. Merrill O. Naylor, of Stephens City, Vir-ginia, who is a recipient of the 2017 Carnegie Medal for Acts of Extraordinary Civilian Her-oism. This year, eighteen individuals from through-out the United States and Canada will receive the Carnegie Medal for risking their lives and showing outstanding courage in saving the life of another person. Through fire and smoke, Mr. Naylor an-swered the call for help from his neighbor, Ms. Sheryl C. Lewis, on the evening of November 4, 2015, rescuing her from a burning building that she was trapped in. Mr. Naylor’s heroic actions and valor are an inspiration to us all, and serve as an example of the qualities of service and selflessness that we should all as-pire to have. The determination and resolve he displayed that day speaks volumes about his character and shed light on the definition of true courage. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and our colleagues to join me and the people of Virginia’s 10th Congressional District in honoring Mr. Merrill Naylor for his brave service to the people of Stephens City, Virginia. We Americans are so fortunate to have heroes like Merrill Naylor who are willing to put their lives at risk to pro-tect their neighbors, and we honor him on being the recipient of a 2017 Carnegie Medal for Acts of Extraordinary Civilian Heroism. 
f 
HONORING THE BICENTENNIAL AN-NIVERSARY OF THE BIRTH OF BAHA´’U’LLA´H 
HON. STEVE CHABOT 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the bicentennial anniversary of the birth of Baha´’u’lla´h, the founder of the Baha´’ı´Faith. Yesterday, October 22, marked the birth of Baha´’u’lla´h. During his life, Baha´’u’lla´h touched the lives of all those around him and was known for his charity and his message of the unity of mankind, justice, and peace. His message still lives on today in the religion he founded and in over five million Baha ´’ı´s around the world. Wherever they live, Baha’is strive to be good citizens, serving their com-munities and the common good and working side-by-side with other faiths to advance edu-cation, interfaith harmony, and international cooperation. The Baha’i Faith has spread to every state since arriving in the U.S. more than 120 years ago. I want to specifically highlight the Baha ´’ı´ community in Cincinnati. Throughout my time in Congress, I have had the opportunity to meet with Baha´’ı´representatives many times and to learn how they have enriched and blessed our city. Unfortunately, the Baha´’ı´s are not free to practice their religion in Iran, Baha ´’u’lla´h’s homeland. Since the Revolution of 1979, Iran has executed at least 200 Baha’is. 10,000 Baha´’ı´s have been dismissed from their jobs and 700 have been arrested since 2005. Baha´’ı´s have seen their homes raided, their property confiscated, and their children denied education. During my service on the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, I have vocally supported the Baha´’ı´s rights in Iran. That is why I joined my colleague, Congresswoman ILEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN , to introduce H. Res. 274 earlier this year which once again condemns Iran’s state- sponsored persecution of its Baha´’ı´minority. As the Baha´’ı´celebrate Baha´’u’lla´h’s birth, we must remember that his followers are not yet free to practice in his homeland. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize this momentous occasion, and wish those Baha ´’ı´ in my district, throughout America, and around the world, a joyous celebration. 
f 
HONORING REVEREND BARRY W. LYNN OF AMERICANS UNITED FOR SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE 
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 23, 2017 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great champion of religious freedom and my friend, the Reverend Barry W. Lynn, who will soon retire after 25 years as executive director of Americans United for Separation of Church and State. An ordained minister in the United Church of Christ and an attorney, Rev. Lynn has paired his two callings and been a leader in the fight to protect our civil rights and civil lib-erties, especially the First Amendment. His work has helped protect our right to believe (or not) as we see fit and guarantee that the government does not promote religion. Rev. Lynn has been on the frontlines of the fight to ensure that religion is not used as an excuse to discriminate against others, dictate people’s private lives, tell others whom they can love, or limit people’s access to healthcare. Under Rev. Lynn’s leadership, Americans United has grown into one of the most promi-nent organizations in the country working to protect religious freedom. During his tenure, the organization has led the charge to defend the wall of separation between church and state. Rev. Lynn’s tenure is marked by efforts to ensure that all people feel welcomed in their community regardless of their faith. He led Americans United’s fight to ensure that stu-dents at public schools were taught science rather than creationism in their classrooms and for the removal the 2
1⁄2ton monument to the Ten Commandments erected at the Ala-bama Supreme Court. During his leadership, Americans United successfully stopped a pro-posed constitutional amendment to allow pub-lic school-sponsored prayers and fought for women’s health and equality when it stood up for students when their university cited religion to block their access to birth control. Rev. Lynn is an author and educator who has shared his expertise with audiences across the country, giving speeches, appear-ing on television, hosting his long-running radio show, and testifying in Congress, about why the constitutional principle of church-state separation is the only way to ensure freedom of religion for all Americans. Although he will now have more time to spend with his twin grandchildren, just born this summer, Rev. Lynn’s lifelong passion for social justice remains. I feel confident he will continue to engage in social justice issues and stand up for important causes for years to come. It has been my pleasure to work with Rev. Lynn over the last two decades. I commend him for his transformational service to Ameri-cans United, our Constitution, and our country, and I wish him well in his retirement. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Oc-tober 24, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
OCTOBER 25 Time to be announced Committee on Veterans’ Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Melissa Sue Glynn, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary (Enterprise Integration), Randy Reeves, of Mississippi, to be Under Secretary for Memorial Affairs, and Cheryl L. Mason, of Virginia, to be Chairman of the Board of Veterans’ Ap-peals, all of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. TBA 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To receive a closed briefing on the major threats facing naval forces and the Navy’s current and planned capabili-ties to meet those threats. SVC–217 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23OC8.022 E23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1406 October 23, 2017 
10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the com-mercial satellite industry. SR–253 Committee on Environment and Public Works Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Michael Dourson, of Ohio, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances, and William L. Wehrum, of Delaware, Matthew Z. Leopold, of Flor-ida, and David Ross, of Wisconsin, each to be an Assistant Administrator, all of the Environmental Protection Agency, Paul Trombino III, of Wisconsin, to be Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Trans-portation, and Jeffery Martin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine an original bill entitled, ‘‘the Wildfire Prevention and Mitigation Act of 2017’’. SD–406 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy To receive a closed briefing on Niger se-curity. SVC–217 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the eco-nomic outlook. LHOB–1100 10:30 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Vir-ginia, to be Director, and Michael Rigas, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Per-sonnel Management, and Emily Web-ster Murphy, of Missouri, to be Admin-istrator of General Services. SD–342 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 1223, to repeal the Klamath Tribe Judgment Fund Act; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine S. 1870, to amend the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to secure urgent resources vital to In-dian victims of crime, S. 1953, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforcement Re-form Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian com-munities, and S. 1942, to direct the At-torney General to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice protocols appropriate to address miss-ing and murdered Indians. SD–628 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine working and aging with disabilities from school to retirement. SD–562 OCTOBER 26 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To receive a closed briefing on Niger. SVC–217 Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider S. 1928, to establish a review of United States multilateral aid, S. Res. 279, reaffirm-ing the commitment of the United States to promote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cam-bodia, and the nominations of Michele Jeanne Sison, of Maryland, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Haiti, Peter Hoekstra, of Michigan, to be Am-bassador to the Kingdom of the Nether-lands, Kenneth Ian Juster, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of India, Larry Edward Andre, Jr., of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Djibouti, Daniel J. Kritenbrink, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Socialist Republic of Viet-nam, Kathleen M. Fitzpatrick, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Democratic Republic of Timor- Leste, Richard Duke Buchan III, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the King-dom of Spain, and to serve concur-rently and without additional com-pensation as Ambassador to Andorra, Richard Grenell, of California, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Germany, Jamie McCourt, of Cali-fornia, to be Ambassador to the French Republic, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Principality of Monaco, Edward T. McMullen, Jr., of South Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Swiss Confederation, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Principality of Liechtenstein, Peter Henry Barlerin, of Colorado, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Cameroon, Michael James Dodman, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Islamic Re-public of Mauritania, Nina Maria Fite, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Angola, Daniel L. Foote, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Zambia, David Dale Reimer, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mauritius, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Seychelles, and Eric P. Whitaker, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Niger, all of the De-partment of State. S–116 9:45 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine advanced cyber technologies that could be used to help protect electric grids and other energy infrastructure from cyberattacks. SD–366 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Brian D. Montgomery, of Texas, Robert Hunter Kurtz, of Vir-ginia, and Suzanne Israel Tufts, of New York, each to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. SD–538 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine free speech on college campuses. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine improving oversight of the regulatory process, fo-cusing on lessons from state legisla-tures. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 807, to provide anti-retaliation protections for antitrust whistleblowers, and the nominations of Allison H. Eid, of Colo-rado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Stephanos Bibas, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Liles Clifton Burke, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Walter David Counts III, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Michael Joseph Juneau, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina, Karen Gren Scholer, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, Tilman Eugene Self III, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Georgia, and John F. Bash, to be United States Attorney for the West-ern District of Texas, Erin Angela Nealy Cox, to be United States Attor-ney for the Northern District of Texas, and R. Andrew Murray, to be United States Attorney for the Western Dis-trict of North Carolina, all of the De-partment of Justice. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine strength-ening the entrepreneurial ecosystem for women. SR–428A 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 OCTOBER 30 5 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the Author-izations for the Use of Military Force, focusing on Administration perspec-tives. SD–419 NOVEMBER 1 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Scott Garrett, of New Jersey, to be President, Kimberly A. Reed, of West Virginia, to be First Vice Presi-dent, Mark L. Greenblatt, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, and Spencer Bachus III, of Alabama, Judith Delzoppo Pryor, of Ohio, and Claudia Slacik, of New York, each to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors, all of the Export-Import Bank. SD–538 2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine building tribal economies, focusing on modernizing tax policies that work for Indian country. SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M23OC8.000 E23OCPT1
D1107 Monday, October 23, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6703–S6718 Measures Reported: Report to accompany S. 1536, to designate a human trafficking prevention coordinator and to ex-pand the scope of activities authorized under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s out-reach and education program to include human traf-ficking prevention activities. (S. Rept. No. 115–177) 
                                                                                            Page S6715 
Measures Passed: SAFER Act: Senate passed S. 1766, to reauthorize the SAFER Act of 2013, after agreeing to the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S6717 
House Messages: Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 2266, to amend title 28 of the United States Code to authorize the appointment of additional bank-ruptcy judges, taking action on the following mo-tions and amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S6703–10 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill.
                                                                                   Page S6703 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 1568, to change the enactment date.
                                  Page S6703 
McConnell Amendment No. 1569 (to Amend-ment No. 1568), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S6703 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 79 yeas to 16 nays (Vote No. 246), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to con-cur in the amendment of the House to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill.
      Pages S6703, S6709–10 McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Appropria-tions, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 1570, to change the enactment date, fell when clo-ture was invoked on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill.
                        Pages S6703, S6709–10 
McConnell Amendment No. 1571 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 1570), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 1570 (listed above), fell. 
                                                                      Pages S6703, S6709–10 
McConnell Amendment No. 1572 (to Amend-ment No. 1571), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 1571 (to (the instruc-tions) Amendment No. 1570) (listed above), fell. 
                                                                      Pages S6703, S6709–10 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany the bill at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, October 24, 2017; and that all time during morning business, recess, adjournment, and Leader remarks count post-cloture on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S6717 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency originally de-clared in Executive Order 13413 of October 27, 2006, with respect to the situation in, or in relation to, the Democratic Republic of the Congo; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–17)
              Pages S6713–14 
Palk Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consider-ation of the nomination of Scott L. Palk, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Oklahoma.
                                                    Page S6707 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23OC7.REC D23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1108 October 23, 2017 
Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the House message to accompany H.R. 2266, to amend title 28 of the United States Code to author-ize the appointment of additional bankruptcy judges. 
                                                                                            Page S6707 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S6707 
McFadden Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Trevor N. McFadden, of Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia.
                 Page S6707 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Scott L. Palk, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma.
                                                                     Page S6707 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S6707 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S6707 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Christopher Caldwell, of Arkansas, to be Federal Cochairperson, Delta Regional Authority. Kenneth J. Braithwaite, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador of the United States of America to the Kingdom of Norway. 9 Coast Guard nominations in the rank of admi-ral.                                                                                     Page S6718 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: Tom Marino, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of National Drug Control Policy, which was sent to the Senate on September 5, 2017.
                            Page S6718 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6714 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6714–15 
Additional Cosponsors:                                        Page S6716 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S6713 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6716–17 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—246)
                                                        Pages S6709–10 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:47 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Oc-tober 24, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6717.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 12 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4090–4098; and 3 resolutions, H.J. Res. 119; and H. Res. 579 and 578 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H8075–76 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H8076–77 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4010, to amend the Revised Statutes of the United States and title 28, United States Code, to enhance compliance with requests for information pursuant to legislative power under Article I of the Constitution, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–360); H.R. 3898, to require the Secretary of the Treas-ury to place conditions on certain accounts at United States financial institutions with respect to North Korea, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–361); H.R. 3972, to clarify that family offices and fam-ily clients are accredited investors, and for other pur-poses, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–362); H. Res. 577, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 469) to impose certain limitations on con-sent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other pur-poses, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 732) to limit donations made pursuant to set-tlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–363); H. Res. 555, resolution of inquiry requesting the President and directing the Secretary of the Interior to transmit, respectively, certain documents and other information to the House of Representatives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23OC7.REC D23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1109 October 23, 2017 
relating to the executive order on the review of des-ignations under the Antiquities Act, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–364); adversely; and H.R. 3279, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to provide that extraction of helium from gas produced under a Federal mineral lease shall maintain the lease as if the helium were oil and gas (H. Rept. 115–365).
                                                                      Page H8075 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Kustoff to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H8045 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:13 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H8045 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 236 yeas to 158 nays with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 571.
                                                                                  Page H8063 
Whole Number of the House: The Chair an-nounced to the House that, in light of the resigna-tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Mur-phy, the whole number of the House is 433. 
                                                                                            Page H8047 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:12 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:31 p.m.
                                                   Page H8046 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Department of Homeland Security Account-ability Enhancement Act: H.R. 4038, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reassert article I authorities over the Department of Homeland Secu-rity;
                                                                           Pages H8048–49 
Cuban Airport Security Act of 2017: H.R. 3328, to require a study regarding security measures and equipment at Cuba’s airports, require the standard-ization of Federal Air Marshal Service agreements, and require efforts to raise international aviation se-curity standards;
                                                 Pages H8049–52 
Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism Reauthorization Act of 2017: H.R. 3551, amended, to amend the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 to reauthorize the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism Program, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 402 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 569; 
                                                                      Pages H8052–56, H8062 
Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Cards Reauthorization Act of 2017: S. 504, to permanently authorize the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Program, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 401 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 570; and
                                             Pages H8056–57, H8062–63 
Congressional Subpoena Compliance and En-forcement Act of 2017: H.R. 4010, amended, to amend the Revised Statutes of the United States and title 28, United States Code, to enhance compliance with requests for information pursuant to legislative power under Article I of the Constitution.                                                                                     Pages H8059–61 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:29 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H8061 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. International Narcotics Trafficking Emergency Response by Detecting Incoming Contraband with Technology Act: H.R. 2142, amended, to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are ille-gally imported into the United States. 
                                                                                    Pages H8057–59 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to the situa-tion in or in relation to the Democratic Republic of the Congo is to continue in effect beyond October 27, 2017—referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–72). 
                                                                                            Page H8048 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H8047. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H8062, H8062–63, and H8063. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:32 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
SUNSHINE FOR REGULATIONS AND REGULATORY DECREES AND SETTLEMENTS ACT OF 2017; STOP SETTLEMENT SLUSH FUNDS ACT OF 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 469, the ‘‘Sunshine for Regulations and Regu-latory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 732, the ‘‘Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a structured rule for H.R. 469. The rule pro-vides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23OC7.REC D23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1110 October 23, 2017 
of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 115–34 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in part A of the report. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. In section 2, the rule provides for consid-eration of H.R. 732 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule provides that the amend-ments recommended by the Committee on the Judi-ciary now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted, and provides that the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part B of the Rules Com-mittee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be of-fered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Good-latte, and Representatives Raskin and Jackson Lee. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1090) 
H.R. 1117, to require the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to submit a report regarding certain plans regarding assistance to applicants and grantees during the response to an emergency or disaster. Signed on October 18, 2017. (Public Law 115–69) S. 178, to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases. Signed on Oc-tober 18, 2017. (Public Law 115–70) S. 652, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diag-nosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of-hear-ing newborns, infants, and young children. Signed on October 18, 2017. (Public Law 115–71) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of David J. Ryder, of New Jersey, to be Director of the Mint, De-partment of the Treasury, and Hester Maria Peirce, of Ohio, and Robert J. Jackson, Jr., of New York, both to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine reauthorization of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act, focusing on fisheries science, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider the nominations of Jeffrey Gerrish, of Maryland, to be a Dep-uty United States Trade Representative (Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and Industrial Competitiveness), Depart-ment of State, Gregory Doud, of Kansas, to be Chief Ag-ricultural Negotiator, Office of the United States Trade Representative, and Jason Kearns, of Colorado, to be a Member of the United States International Trade Com-mission, Time to be announced, SD–215. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nom-ination of Kevin K. McAleenan, of Hawaii, to be Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, De-partment of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine United States policy towards Burma, focusing on geo-political, economic, and humanitarian considerations, 10 a.m., SD–419. Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting to markup pending intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, oversight hearing entitled ‘‘The Role of Facili-ties and Administrative Costs in Supporting NIH-Funded Research’’, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23OC7.REC D23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1111 October 23, 2017 Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining HHS’s Public Health Preparedness for and Re-sponse to the 2017 Hurricane Season’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Hous-ing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘The Federal Govern-ment’s Role in the Insurance Industry’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection; and Sub-committee on Higher Education and Workforce Develop-ment of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Public-Private Solu-tions to Educating a Cyber Workforce’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, begin mark-up on legislation on the Agricultural Guestworker Act; and H.R. 3711, the ‘‘Legal Workforce Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Government Operations; and Sub-committee on Healthcare, Benefits, and Administrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Regulatory Reform Task Forces Check-In’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Information Technology, hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of Federal Political Advertisement Laws and Regulations’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on the Senate Amendment to H. Con. Res. 71, a concurrent res-olution establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and set-ting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Research and Technology; and Subcommittee on En-ergy, joint hearing entitled ‘‘American Leadership in Quantum Technology’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing on legislation to establish a permanent Veterans Choice Program; legislation to modify VA’s authority to enter into agreements with State homes to provide nursing home care to veterans, to direct the Secretary to carry out a program to increase the number of graduate medical education residency positions, and for other purposes; leg-islation to direct VA to conduct a study of the Veterans Crisis Line; legislation to direct VA to furnish mental health care to veterans at community or non-profit men-tal health providers participating in the Veterans Choice Program; legislation on the Veteran Coordinated Access and Rewarding Experiences Act; H.R. 1133, the ‘‘Vet-erans Transplant Coverage Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2123, the ‘‘VETS Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2601, the ‘‘VICTOR Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3642, the ‘‘Military SAVE Act’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of October 24 through October 27, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 2266, Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, post-cloture. Following disposition of the House message to ac-company H.R. 2266, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Scott L. Palk, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma. Following disposition of the nomination of Scott L. Palk, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Trevor N. McFadden, of Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: October 25, Subcommittee on SeaPower, to receive a closed briefing on the major threats facing naval forces and the Navy’s current and planned capabilities to meet those threats, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. October 26, Full Committee, to receive a closed brief-ing on Niger, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Octo- ber 24, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of David J. Ryder, of New Jersey, to be Director of the Mint, Department of the Treasury, and Hester Maria Peirce, of Ohio, and Robert J. Jackson, Jr., of New York, both to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, 10 a.m., SD–538. October 26, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of Brian D. Montgomery, of Texas, Robert Hunter Kurtz, of Virginia, and Suzanne Israel Tufts, of New York, each to be an Assistant Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Octo- ber 24, Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine reauthor-ization of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act, focusing on fisheries science, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. October 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the commercial satellite industry, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: October 26, to hold hearings to examine advanced cyber technologies that could be used to help protect electric grids and other energy infrastructure from cyberattacks, 9:45 a.m., SD–366. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23OC7.REC D23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1112 October 23, 2017 Committee on Environment and Public Works: October 25, business meeting to consider the nominations of Michael Dourson, of Ohio, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances, and William L. Wehrum, of Delaware, Matthew Z. Leopold, of Florida, and David Ross, of Wis-consin, each to be an Assistant Administrator, all of the Environmental Protection Agency, Paul Trombino III, of Wisconsin, to be Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, and Jeff-ery Martin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission; to be immediately fol-lowed by a hearing to examine an original bill entitled, ‘‘the Wildfire Prevention and Mitigation Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: October 24, business meeting to consider the nominations of Jeffrey Gerrish, of Maryland, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and Industrial Competitiveness), Department of State, Gregory Doud, of Kansas, to be Chief Agricultural Negotiator, Office of the United States Trade Representative, and Jason Kearns, of Colorado, to be a Member of the United States International Trade Commission, Time to be announced, SD–215. October 24, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nomination of Kevin K. McAleenan, of Ha-waii, to be Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: October 24, to hold hear-ings to examine United States policy towards Burma, fo-cusing on geopolitical, economic, and humanitarian con-siderations, 10 a.m., SD–419. October 25, Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy, to receive a closed briefing on Niger secu-rity, 10 a.m., SVC–217. October 26, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider S. 1928, to establish a review of United States mul-tilateral aid, S. Res. 279, reaffirming the commitment of the United States to promote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cambodia, and the nominations of Michele Jeanne Sison, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Haiti, Peter Hoekstra, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of the Netherlands, Ken-neth Ian Juster, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of India, Larry Edward Andre, Jr., of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Djibouti, Daniel J. Kritenbrink, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Social-ist Republic of Vietnam, Kathleen M. Fitzpatrick, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Demo-cratic Republic of Timor-Leste, Richard Duke Buchan III, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Spain, and to serve concurrently and without additional com-pensation as Ambassador to Andorra, Richard Grenell, of California, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Germany, Jamie McCourt, of California, to be Ambas-sador to the French Republic, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Principality of Monaco, Edward T. McMullen, Jr., of South Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Swiss Confed-eration, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Principality of Liech-tenstein, Peter Henry Barlerin, of Colorado, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Cameroon, Michael James Dodman, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Islamic Republic of Mauritania, Nina Maria Fite, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Angola, Daniel L. Foote, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Zambia, David Dale Reimer, of Ohio, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Mauritius, and to serve concur-rently and without additional compensation as Ambas-sador to the Republic of Seychelles, and Eric P. Whitaker, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Niger, all of the Department of State, 9:30 a.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Oc- tober 26, to hold hearings to examine free speech on col-lege campuses, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: October 25, business meeting to consider the nomina-tions of Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Virginia, to be Director, and Michael Rigas, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Direc-tor, both of the Office of Personnel Management, and Emily Webster Murphy, of Missouri, to be Administrator of General Services, 10:30 a.m., SD–342. October 26, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine im-proving oversight of the regulatory process, focusing on lessons from state legislatures, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: October 25, business meet-ing to consider S. 1223, to repeal the Klamath Tribe Judgment Fund Act; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine S. 1870, to amend the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to secure urgent resources vital to In-dian victims of crime, S. 1953, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian communities, and S. 1942, to direct the Attorney General to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice protocols appropriate to address missing and murdered Indians, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: October 26, business meeting to consider S. 807, to provide anti-retaliation protections for antitrust whistleblowers, and the nominations of Alli-son H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Stephanos Bibas, of Pennsyl-vania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Liles Clifton Burke, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Walter David Counts III, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Michael Joseph Juneau, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina, Karen Gren Scholer, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, Tilman Eugene Self III, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Georgia, and John F. Bash, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Texas, Erin Angela Nealy Cox, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Texas, and R. Andrew Murray, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23OC7.REC D23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1113 October 23, 2017 North Carolina, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: October 26, to hold hearings to examine strengthening the entre-preneurial ecosystem for women, 10:30 a.m., SR–428A. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: October 25, business meeting to consider the nominations of Melissa Sue Glynn, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Enterprise Integration), Randy Reeves, of Mis-sissippi, to be Under Secretary for Memorial Affairs, and Cheryl L. Mason, of Virginia, to be Chairman of the Board of Veterans’ Appeals, all of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, Time to be announced, Room to be an-nounced. Select Committee on Intelligence: October 24, closed busi-ness meeting to markup pending intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. October 26, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: October 25, to hold hearings to examine working and aging with disabilities from school to retirement, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, October 25, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, oversight hearing entitled ‘‘Down Syn-drome: Update on the State of the Science and Potential for Discoveries Across Other Major Diseases’’, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, October 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Efforts to Combat the Opioid Crisis: A Status Update on CARA and Other Initiatives’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. October 25, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Communications Commission’’, 2 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, October 25, Sub-committee on Housing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘Sustainable Housing Finance: Private Sector Perspectives on Housing Finance Reform’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. October 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the Equifax Data Breach’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, October 25, Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Iran Decision: Next Steps’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on House Administration, October 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘State Voter Registration List Maintenance’’, 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, October 25, Full Committee, continue markup on legislation on the Agricultural Guestworker Act; and H.R. 3711, the ‘‘Legal Workforce Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. October 26, Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the United States Refugee Admissions Program’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, October 25, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Empowering State Based Man-agement Solutions for Greater Sage Grouse Recovery’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. October 25, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 215, the ‘‘Amer-ican Indian Empowerment Act of 2017’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, October 25, Subcommittee on Government Operations; and Sub-committee on Health Care, Benefits, and Administrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Management Challenges at IRS’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, October 25, Subcommittee on Oversight, hearing entitled ‘‘Bolstering the Government’s Cybersecurity: Assessing the Risk of Kaspersky Lab Products to the Federal Government’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, October 25, Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce, hearing entitled ‘‘GAO Audit Reveals Half-Measures Taken by Small Business Advocates’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. October 26, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Financing Through Fintech: Online Lending’s Role in Improving Small Busi-ness Capital Access’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, October 25, Sub-committee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining How VBA Can Effectively Prevent and Manage Overpayments’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. October 25, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, markup on H.R. 815, to amend title 38, United States Code, to adjust certain limits on the guaranteed amount of a home loan under the home loan program of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs; H.R. 3018, the ‘‘Veterans’ Entry to Apprenticeship Act’’; H.R. 3634, the ‘‘Securing Electronic Records for Veterans’ Ease Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3949, the ‘‘VALOR Act’’; H.R. 3965, the ‘‘Veterans Armed for Success Act’’; legislation to amend title 38, United States Code, to eliminate the applicability of cer-tain provisions of the Administrative Procedure Act to housing and business loan programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs; legislation to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements to the use of educational assistance provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs for flight training programs, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways And Means, October 25, Sub-committee on Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Miscellaneous Tar-iff Bill: Providing Tariff Relief to U.S. Manufacturers Through the New MTB Process’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Long-worth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: October 25, to hold hearings to examine the economic outlook, 10 a.m., 1100, Long-worth Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23OC7.REC D23OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1114 October 23, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, October 24 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 2266, Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Re-lief Requirements Act, post-cloture. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, October 24 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 732—Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bera, Ami, Calif., E1399 Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E1400 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E1401 Brat, Dave, Va., E1404 Carter, John R., Tex., E1401, E1402, E1402, E1404, E1404 Chabot, Steve, Ohio, E1405 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1405 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1401 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1399 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E1400 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1403 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1399 Mullin, Markwayne, Okla., E1399 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E1401 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1403 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E1402 Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E1403 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E1405 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1404 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1399 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1403 Trott, David A., Mich., E1402 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1403 Walker, Mark, N.C., E1404 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E1400 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1401 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Oct 24, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D23OC7.REC D23OCPT1