Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H823 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 2017 No. 17 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. V
ALADAO ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 1, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
AVID G. V
ALADAO to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S FIASCOS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, for the last 2 weeks, we have lurched from one fiasco to another, played out on a national and international stage. There were press briefings and Presidential statements filled with official lies. We have witnessed tragedies, late night firings, policy changes, and clarifica-tions, also known as backtracking, and then we have come back for another round of fiascos. We are told we will not have a Na-tional Security Council as we always have had, one with the top minds of the intelligence community and the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. No, in-stead, we will have a nationalist secu-rity council, with Breitbart’s Steve Bannon and his personal experience as a former Navy officer right there in the situation room. I am not feeling safer already. The President has acted to crim-inalize immigrants and to make every immigrant an equal priority for depor-tation. Trump actually buried a re-quirement in his executive order to count, every week, the number of crimes committed by immigrants and to have the government officially tally every single week the number of Mexi-can rapists, criminals, and drug deal-ers—the ones Donald Trump has been talking about since he launched his campaign. But interestingly, by law, the Fed-eral Government and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention cannot conduct research into how many people are killed by guns—that is outlawed— and how we can prevent gun violence— that is outlawed. No, the NRA and its wholly owned subsidiary, the Repub-lican Party, has outlawed that. But the new immigrant rape report is ripped from the headlines of Breitbart and other rightwing websites, except that now it is the basis of government pol-icy. We are really getting a lesson in who is and who is not a criminal in this post-‘‘1984’’ world of newspeak. We all know that there are millions of undocumented immigrants from all over the world, but this administration keeps whipping out that Mexican thing. Let’s face it, the people thinking up these policies think all Latinos are Mexicans and all Mexicans are immi-grants. So if you are an immigrant from Mexico, except for a few good ones, you are a criminal, a rapist, or a murderer. Millions and millions of people who the President wants to deport are peo-ple with traffic violations. They drove without a license in many States be-cause the State in which they live and pay taxes does not issue driver’s li-censes to them. They are moms and dads who came back after they were deported because that is what moms and dads tend to want to do: to be with their children, watch them grow up, nurture and love them. And Trump’s targets include young people and teen-agers who are listed on a ‘‘gang reg-istry’’ because a local cop thought they dressed or acted like they might be in a gang. But if you hire maids or nannies and do not pay the proper amount of Social Security and FICA taxes, or if they are undocumented immigrants and you don’t pay the taxes, you are not called a criminal. No, you are called a Cabi-net Secretary. In fact, we will put you in charge of the budget, including So-cial Security, the one you failed to pay. Or you can run the Department of Commerce, yes. If your business en-gages in the shady business of fore-closing on grandmas and widows, you get to be the Secretary of the Treas-ury. If you close down the Department of Energy, that is what you want to do, close down the Department of Energy, guess what you get to do. You get to run it. If you oppose public schools, you get to be Secretary of Education. And if you have opposed every inch of progress for civil and human rights in this country with every fiber of your being—immigrant rights, gay rights, basic civil rights for people of color, basic protections to make sure that ev-eryone’s vote counts equally—well, in that case, guess what you get to do, you get to run the Department of Jus-tice, the agency ultimately charged with making sure everyone gets equal protection under the law. Up is down, down is up, and it is only his second week. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.000 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH824 February 1, 2017 
I feel our new President has some learning to do, and a lot of that learn-ing has to do with the three branches of government, like what the executive branch should do when a Federal judge tells them to stop doing something they shouldn’t be doing in the first place. I think the new President has a lot to learn about the freedom of religion, the separation of church and State, and how our refugee policies work. I think the people of Chicago could teach him a lot about the Fourth Amendment and its ban on unreasonable search and sei-zure and the illegality of holding immi-grants in jail without a warrant. So I am offering to give the President my copy of the Constitution, auto-graphed by Khizr Khan, the father of a U.S. Army captain killed in Iraq in 2004, who asked a question I don’t think any one of us knows the answer to. That question is: Has the President ever read the Constitution? I am proud I will be standing with Mr. Khan and other leaders of different faiths later today at a press conference on the ac-tions taken by our new dear leader. We can all see through the emperor’s new clothes and his Chinese-made tie, and the view isn’t pretty, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
MUSLIM REFUGEE EXECUTIVE ORDER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, just hours after the President’s misguided, counterproductive, and objectively anti-American Muslim ban was signed, we saw the effects. Chaos erupted at airports around the country, including in my own district at Chicago O’Hare. Green card holders were held in legal limbo. Refugees fleeing violence and persecution were sent away before boarding U.S.-bound flights, even after enduring years of thorough screening and vetting. Unfortunately, this is not the first time we have turned away innocent people seeking safety in our country. In 1939, the German ocean liner St. Louis Manifest and its 937 Jewish pas-sengers, almost all Jewish refugees, were turned away from the Port of Miami and sent back to Europe. Of those passengers, 254 were murdered in the Holocaust. We all bear a responsibility to learn from the evils of history so that we will never make the same mistakes again. It is our turn to step up and fight to protect the values of our Na-tion and ensure that we are on the right side of history. Because who can possibly forget the photo of Alan Kurdi, the 3-year-old Syrian boy who was washed up on a Turkish beach. Or Omran Daqneesh, the 5-year-old Syrian boy covered in blood as he waited for emergency care after being rescued from a building in Aleppo hit by an air-strike. These devastating images have become symbols of the refugee crisis. We cannot let them symbolize our in-action, too. The President’s executive order cre-ating this Muslim ban undermines the foundational ideas of this country, a Nation founded by immigrants with the intention of providing freedom, op-portunity, and a better life to all who seek it. Making good on one of his most extreme campaign promises, the President signed this order with little or no input from his own national secu-rity advisers nor from specialists at the State Department, Homeland Secu-rity, or the Justice Department, once again signaling his strong and contin-ued dismissal of facts, evidence, and advice from seasoned experts. Contrary to the President’s mis-guided belief, Islam is not the issue, and his decision to go after Muslims in-stead of terrorists only fuels our en-emies’ propaganda. The President’s Muslim ban undermines our national security goals and is counterproductive in the fight against terrorism. The ban jeopardizes our strategic partnerships with allies in the Middle East who are on the very front lines in the fight against ISIS. Asylum seekers and for-eign nationals have provided invalu-able assistance to our military and dip-lomats in a variety of roles overseas. I agree with Senators MCCAINand G RA-
HAM, who said this ban will become ‘‘a self-inflicted wound in the fight against terrorism.’’ Ultimately, this order is more likely to increase ter-rorist recruitment than to deter it. Outrage over this ban extends far be-yond national security and counterter-rorism experts. For example, we are seeing sharp criticism from business leaders across the country, including CEOs of companies like Google, Apple, Facebook, and Airbnb. They recognize that immigrants play a huge role in fostering our Nation’s entrepreneurial spirit, advancing new technology, cre-ating startups, all which spur innova-tion and economic activity across the country. Universities and academics across the country are also grappling with what the President’s restrictions mean for their students and for scholarship and academia more broadly. Students benefit from the inclusion of all world views, which provide us with a deeper understanding of science, the arts, eco-nomic policy, national security, and all other aspects of our society. Let’s be clear. My own city of Chi-cago has been and will continue to be home to an immigrant and refugee community from all around the world, and we are forever enriched and grate-ful for the contributions that make this country great. I, along with the majority of American people who took to the streets to make their opposition heard loud and clear, demand that the administration rescind this shameful order before even more grave and last-ing damage is done. Let’s call a spade a spade. Despite the White House’s insistence that this is not a Muslim ban, the policy laid out by the President will almost exclu-sively impact Muslims. In fact, the President went so far as to point out that this administration will prioritize the admittance for Christian refugees. If this is not a religious test, then what is? Refugees of all faiths, creeds, race, and national origins have looked to America as a beacon of freedom. So long as this ban is in effect, that light shines less brightly. We will not etch a new inscription at the base of the Stat-ue of Liberty. Instead, her golden lamp will continue to welcome those who are tired, poor, and yearning to be free, just as it always has. f 
TRUMP’S REFUGEE EXECUTIVE ORDER: SEPARATING FACT FROM FICTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN) for 5 minutes. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ex-press my fervent support for President Trump’s executive order: Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry. I, along with many other Members of Congress, have been speaking out for more than a 1
1⁄2years about the dan-gers posed by our U.N.-run refugee re-settlement program. I applaud Presi-dent Trump for following through on his promise by imposing strict vetting for seven countries that President Obama labeled in 2016 as countries of particular concern for terrorism. Liberal activists and politicians are leveling baseless assertions about the Trump policy only to see a lazy and complicit media parrot their claims without exercising due diligence to validate it. To me, this is fake news. And in this incident, it is the main-stream media that is pushing this mis-information. Let’s separate myth from fact and inject a little coolheaded com-monsense into this national dialogue. Friday’s executive order does a few things: It pauses the entry of all refu-gees for the next 120 days; it caps ref-ugee admissions for fiscal year 2017 at 50,000; it stalls, for 90 days, the admis-sion of foreign nationals from seven countries that are well established as terrorist hotspot countries; and it puts priority on highly persecuted religious minorities when the refugee program resumes. The media has echoed the protesters’ assertion that this is somehow a Mus-lim ban. They are flat-out wrong. Re-member, it was President Obama who created this seven-country list, not President Trump. If it were a Muslim ban, then why doesn’t it include restrictions on the other 40 majority Muslim nations? That makes no sense. That is because this is a targeted approach to deal with the threat posed by terrorists who op-erate freely in these failed states and pose a direct threat to the American people. There is absolutely nothing in this executive order that says anything 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.002 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H825 February 1, 2017 
about banning any particular group of people. Another shortsighted fallacy being propagated is that President Trump is the only President to ever implement restrictions on refugee admissions. Conveniently forgotten is the fact that in 2011, President Obama stopped proc-essing refugees from Iraq for 6 months after a terrorist plot was uncovered in-volving two Iraqi refugees who had come into the United States. b1015 Previous Presidents of both parties have responded to global threats with refugee admission limitations, so char-acterizing Trump’s actions is unprece-dented, is simply fiction and a gross demonstration of partisanship. As ISIS has infiltrated the ranks of refugees in Europe, the President is similarly responding to global threats with the appropriate safeguards as he sees fit. This is something that he should be praised for—not condemned. The notion that the executive order is inherently un-American must be ad-dressed as well. After all, America is the land made up of immigrants that has been a safe harbor to millions flee-ing persecution around the world since her inception. But in order for this to continue, we must be vigilant to protect our home-land. America is the greatest Nation in the world, and if we let up on our pursuit of the highest national security stand-ards, we will see this greatness slip away—to the detriment not only of all American citizens, but to the entire world. Finally, I must address the false no-tion that having a Christian ethic de-mands that we accept all refugees with open arms. Well, if that is the case, why aren’t we opening the doors wide to the 60 million refugees worldwide rather than only a fraction of 1 per-cent? As a follower of Jesus Christ, I do be-lieve that we should help those in need around us, and that America should be involved in helping the displaced and persecuted whenever we can. Perhaps a more compassionate ap-proach might be to take the money that we spend settling one refugee in the United States and, instead, for the same price, provide for 12, for a dozen, refugees in a safe haven near their own home countries. Just as a father’s primary responsi-bility is to care for his own children, the chief role of the President and other national leaders is to ensure the best interest of the citizens under their charge. If President Trump were to overlook the safety of the American people, it would simply be an abdication of his own responsibility that the American people elected him to do. It seems the President’s opponents have cherry-picked particular Bible verses to suit their own political agen-da, while ignoring other basic Biblical concepts of stewardship and responsi-bility out of sheer political conven-ience. To conclude, the hysteria sur-rounding this national security execu-tive order must come to an end. After all, the main provisions of this executive order are temporary in na-ture and are in line with what many Presidents in the past have done. ISIS presents one of the most exten-sive and complex threats to our Na-tion, and we do want our President to take every precaution to make sure that Americans are safe. This—not the false narratives of Trump’s opponents—must be the focus of the national dialogue, and we must share in what he is doing. 
f 
NSC APPOINTMENTS TO PRINCIPALS COMMITTEE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, today I will introduce the Protect the National Security Council from Po-litical Interference Act. I would like to thank my House col-leagues who have signed on as original cosponsors of this legislation. I have worked at the Department of Defense, and I am a member of the Armed Services Committee. I believe the most solemn responsibility of Fed-eral policymakers is to keep the Amer-ican people safe, and to do so in a way that is faithful to the moral and eth-ical principles that have made this country exceptional, and a force for good in a dangerous and unpredictable world. Within the complex Federal bureauc-racy, the National Security Council is, arguably, the most important institu-tion when it comes to debating and de-ciding issues related to homeland secu-rity, foreign policy, intelligence collec-tion, and the national defense. Choices about whether to deploy men and women into combat are made during the meetings of the NSC or its main subgroup, the Principals Committee. So, too, are decisions about how to de-fend the homeland against terrorism and how to support our allies and counter our adversaries across the globe. The NSC’s deliberations are so serious because the stakes are so high. Since the creation of this body by Congress in 1947, Presidents from Tru-man to Obama have prescribed the or-ganizational structure and role of the NSC according to their personal pref-erences within the broad parameters set by Congress. This is how it should be. The NSC is a policymaking instru-ment, and the President is entitled to utilize this instrument in the manner that the President sees fit. However, historically, there has been a bipartisan consensus that the NSC debates should be divorced from the world of electoral politics. The Presi-dents of both parties have sought to es-tablish an NSC policy process that is not contaminated or perceived to be contaminated by political consider-ations. Josh Bolton, chief of staff to Presi-dent George W. Bush, may have put it best while explaining why President Bush excluded political counselor Karl Rove from all NSC meetings: ‘‘ . . . the President . . . knew that the signal he wanted to send to the rest of his ad-ministration, the signal he wanted to send to the public, and the signal he es-pecially wanted to send to the mili-tary, is that, ‘The decisions I’m mak-ing that involve life and death for the people in uniform will not be tainted by any political decisions.’’’ I am filing this bill because I believe that President Trump’s directive orga-nizing the NSC breaks from this long-standing, bipartisan tradition of con-structing a wall to separate national security policymaking from domestic politics to the greatest extent possible. Specifically, the President’s directive authorizes the Assistant to the Presi-dent and Chief Strategist Stephen Bannon to be a permanent member of the NSC and to attend all NSC and Principals Committee meetings. Mr. Bannon’s role in the administration has a strong political component. In-deed, it appears unprecedented for a po-litical counselor so deeply enmeshed in politics to serve as a permanent mem-ber of the NSC. Senator J
OHNMCCAIN, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Com-mittee, described Mr. Bannon’s ap-pointment as a radical departure from any National Security Council in his-tory. Therefore, my bill will amend Fed-eral law to ensure that no individual, whose primary responsibility is polit-ical in nature, shall be designated as a member of the NSC or be authorized to regularly attend meetings of the NSC or the Principals Committee. This lan-guage would apply to Democratic Presidents and Republican Presidents alike. Our men and women in uniform, our intelligence and homeland security professionals, and our citizens should feel secure in their knowledge that the critical decisions made by the NSC are free from political considerations. The American people deserve a national se-curity policymaking process that in-spires confidence, not cynicism. My bill also contains a second provi-sion. The President’s directive pre-scribes a diminished role on the Prin-cipals Committee for the Director of National Intelligence and the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. The directive limits their attendance to only those meetings where issues per-taining to their responsibilities and ex-pertise are to be discussed. While this language is not unprece-dented, it has caused concern among many experts of all political stripes, particularly when it is juxtaposed against the decision to give Mr. Bannon unfettered access to the NSC PC meetings. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.004 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH826 February 1, 2017 
Accordingly, my bill will express the view of Congress that the DNI and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, given their importance to national se-curity, should have a standing invita-tion to attend all PC meetings. I invite my colleagues to support this legislation which seeks to protect the NSC from political interference, and to ensure that the President receives the best possible advice from his national security experts—experts who will rec-ommend actions because they are in the best interest of the American peo-ple and not because they are politically expedient. 
f 
FAREWELL TO SCOTT GRAVES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I just came back from the organizing committee meeting with my good friend from California for the House Agriculture Committee. I appre-ciate the opportunity to work with this gentleman and all of the folks who serve on that committee that really provides policy to our Nation’s agri-culture industry. It is about making sure that Ameri-cans have access to affordable, high quality, and safe food. I actually look at the Agriculture Committee as well as having a dual mission of making sure that the rural economies of our Nation are robust or successful. Mr. Speaker, I rise to say thank you and farewell to Scott Graves, staff di-rector of the House Agriculture Com-mittee, an individual who served well for many years. Mr. Speaker, as you know, there is a right way to do business here in the House, and Scott Graves has under-stood what it takes to manage the Ag-riculture Committee, the chairman’s personal affairs and agenda. But he also has found time to help out mem-bers of this committee from both sides of the aisle. Knowing is one thing; execution is everything. I have always been impressed with the way we have been able to work on the committee in a bipartisan manner for the good of agriculture, and 320 mil-lion Americans have benefited from safety, innovation, and forward think-ing of the agriculture industry. Under Scott’s leadership, he made this look easy. Now, as he embarks upon the next step in his career, I wish Scott Graves all the best, his wife, his little boy, and his little one to be born later this year. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania has a slogan on every road sign enter-ing the State, and the sign reads, ‘‘You’ve got a friend in Pennsylvania.’’ Well, Scott, you don’t have to drive far, but realize this holds true for me and all of my staff, you’ve got a friend in Pennsylvania. SNAP HELPS LIFT PEOPLE OUT OF POVERTY  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Agri-culture Subcommittee on Nutrition for the 115th Congress, I am confident that we must work to ensure that the Sup-plemental Nutrition Assistance Pro-gram known as SNAP is meeting the needs of those that it is intended to serve. The House Agriculture Committee hearings have highlighted how nutri-tion matters and the specific ways that vulnerable populations are well served by a strong, sound, and reliable food program. SNAP serves a diverse population who share a common need for nutri-tional support beyond what is available based on personal means, family sup-port, and community resources. Now, according to a 2015 USDA re-port, 42.7 percent of SNAP recipients are children, while single parent house-holds are more susceptible to food inse-curity, especially those who are single mothers. Two-parent families also struggle, at times, to put food on the table. Children whose households face food insecurity, face both negative develop-mental and health consequences. A child’s future success goes beyond what any single government program can or should achieve. SNAP is not the only means of breaking the cycle of poverty, but it certainly plays a key role in increasing food security for children. Mr. Speaker, for me, SNAP is not merely a food program but a pathway that works to lift people out of pov-erty. It is a tool for the better health and development of our children who deserve no less. 
f 
ALI FAMILY AND EXECUTIVE ORDER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to a 12-year-old girl Emon Ali, who is stuck in Djibouti. Emon and her father, Ahmed Ali, who is an American citizen, are in Djibouti because of President Trump’s flawed executive order to ban travel to the United States. The Ali family is like many immi-grant families throughout our country, including my own, who came to the United States in hopes of achieving the American Dream. As Americans, we know that the Statute of Liberty is a symbol of free-dom and new beginnings for immi-grants past and present, and it is a symbol around the entire world for the values that America holds. Since the founding of our country, immigrants from all over the world have been coming to the United States to make a better life for themselves and their families, or to escape perse-cution. Mr. Ali and his wife immigrated to the United States and earned their U.S. citizenships in hopes of achieving that American Dream. They had been making a living in my district and are supporting their two daughters in Los Banos, California. But they have also been living in sadness and heartbreak because their 12-year- old daughter, Emon, was born in Yemen before the civil war. For 6 years, the Ali family has been working through the appropriate chan-nels to get their daughter a visa so she can gain U.S. citizenship and be re-united with her family legally. On January 26, after years of going through a thorough vetting process, Emon finally received her immigrant visa—after 6 years. You could call that extreme vetting. One day later, on the 27th, President Trump turned the Ali family’s and hundreds of other families’ lives upside down by signing an executive order to implement a travel ban to prohibit ref-ugees and others from coming to the United States. That is not the Amer-ican way. Hours after this executive order was signed, Emon and her father went to the airport in Djibouti, passed through security, and, when boarding the plane, Emon was told by the airline that she could not board because of the recently signed executive order. b1030 The immigrant visa issued to Emon would have given her status as a lawful permanent resident upon entering the U.S. And since she is 12 years old and both of her parents are U.S. citizens, Emon would have immediately been el-igible to file for U.S. citizenship. President Trump’s executive order is preventing this legal process from tak-ing place and is putting Emon and her father in harm’s way while they wait in Djibouti. In the past 48 hours, the Trump ad-ministration has been defending this executive order, saying it is not a trav-el ban or a ban on refugees. So I would like to ask the President: How is this executive order not a ban on refugees or individuals who have been legally approved to enter the United States? It certainly is a ban for Emon. And how is keeping this 12-year-old girl out of the United States from joining her family making America safer? It is not mak-ing Americans safer. Extreme vetting was in place during both the Bush and Obama administra-tions. We just didn’t call it that by name. This travel ban is flawed, both in its lack of adherence to American values and its technical execution, which is banning Emon from coming here, and it could possibly be ruled unconstitu-tional. A bipartisan group of national secu-rity experts agree that the executive order does not make Americans safer and could potentially put our country at greater risk for terrorist attacks. I agree with them. Since September 11, 2001, we have fo-cused a bipartisan effort to improve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.006 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H827 February 1, 2017 
American security for Americans both at home and abroad, and by and large, it has been very successful. It is our first constitutional duty to ensure the national defense and the safety of Americans, but I think Presi-dent Trump’s executive order is doing the opposite. The executive order will create a rallying cry for Islamic ex-tremists around the world to say that America is now engaged in a war against the religion of Islam. No good can come from that. It is clear that this executive order is putting Emon and her father in harm’s way in Djibouti. So, Mr. President, Secretary Kelly, I appeal to your compassion and to your common sense. This 12-year-old girl, Emon, has been extremely vetted for 6 years or whatever you would like to call it. She is not a threat to our coun-try. Let her join her American family. My staff and I are working diligently through the appropriate channels with the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of State to bring Mr. Ali and his daughter home as soon as possible. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are advised to direct their re-marks to the Chair and not to the President. 
f 
RECTIFICATION FOR MERRICK GARLAND The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, in April of 1963, literary history was made when Dr. King published his let-ter from the Birmingham jail. In that letter, Mr. Speaker, Dr. King proclaimed: ‘‘Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.’’ Mr. Speaker, these words were true then and they are true today. Injustice any-where is still a threat to justice every-where. And, Mr. Speaker, when the Repub-lican leadership decided to hold up Merrick Garland, they did more than hold up a nominee. They did more than prevent him from being heard. They did more than approve him such that he could become a Justice on the Su-preme Court. They did more than pre-vent President Obama from having the opportunity to appoint a nominee to the Supreme Court, Mr. Speaker. When they held up Merrick Garland, they hijacked justice. They hijacked justice and prevented the American people from having the opportunity to hear of the credentials of Merrick Gar-land so that he could receive just con-sideration. They didn’t have to approve him, but they should have in the sense of justice. They should have given him the opportunity to be heard. They hijacked justice. When you hi-jack justice, this type of injustice can-not go unchecked. We cannot allow the legitimization of that hijacking to take place today. If we move forward with the nominee being proposed by the Republican lead-ership by the President of the United States, this would be an effort not only to legitimize, it would legitimize the process that they employed to hijack justice. I refuse to stand with those who would hijack justice. The American people refuse to stand with those who would hijack justice. The American people are demanding that a just sys-tem be in place. The only way a just system can be in place is for what happened to Merrick Garland to be rectified. This is not re-taliation that I am speaking of. This is not retaliation. This is rectification. There has to be rectification for what happened to Merrick Garland, and rec-tification requires that the Senate take up Merrick Garland. I believe the American people want the Senate to take up Merrick Garland so that he, too, can receive justice; so that this country can receive justice; so that the American people can receive justice; so that they can hear about Merrick Gar-land’s credentials. Yes, the current nominee has great credentials, but so does Merrick Gar-land. There are many adjectives that can be used to describe the current nominee, but there are many great ad-jectives that can be utilized to describe Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland deserves his day. Without his day, we cannot go forward in a just way. So I encourage the American people to do that which is just; contact those who have a voice in this and say to them: Do not approve any nominee until there is justice for Merrick Garland and justice for the American people, justice for what oc-curred when they hijacked a nominee to the Supreme Court, hijacked a nom-ination, hijacked an opportunity. Hi-jacking cannot be tolerated. Dr. King was right; injustice any-where is still a threat to justice every-where. But he also went on to say im-mediately thereafter that life is an ‘‘in-escapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny. Whatever affects one directly, affects all indi-rectly.’’ This hijacking that took place last year is going to impact all in this country indirectly because every per-son in this country will be subjected to the rulings of a Supreme Court with a nominee that will have an asterisk by his name because his opportunity ex-ists as a result of a hijacking that took place. Injustice anywhere is a threat to jus-tice everywhere, and we ought to real-ize that this injustice cannot be toler-ated and must be rectified. It is not re-taliation. It is rectification. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the Sen-ate. 
f 
DO NOT DESTROY THE AMERICAN DREAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to share a story that has weighed heavy on my heart. The President speaks about keeping America safe. He speaks about building a wall. He speaks about deporting un-documented immigrants. His rhetoric of hate and fear is causing millions of families unspeakable pain. This is hap-pening in every community across our country and it is happening in my com-munity. I want to share a letter I received from one of my office’s most dedicated interns one week after the election. This young man was such a positive force in my office. He took on tasks with a smile. He had an insatiable ap-petite for learning about our govern-ment. He was one of the finest interns our office has ever seen. I was proud to have him to be one of the first people that our constituents interacted with when they contacted our office. But a week after the elec-tion, this young man, Sergio, went home. He left me this letter, which I will read to you in its entirety because Sergio tells his own story better than I ever could: ‘‘Dear Representative DeLauro: ‘‘I was honored to intern in your Washington office and learn more about the government of the United States, and more specifically respond-ing to constituents’ concerns. Walking through the long tunnels that connect the congressional buildings to the Cap-itol I began to envision myself working in the District of Columbia upon grad-uation. But like for many people, the election results have forced me to take a different path. ‘‘After the Presidential election, all the stability that had allowed my fam-ily and me to become part of the Amer-ican life was turned into fear and doubt about our future. Not only has the President-elect vowed to deport mil-lions of undocumented immigrants, but he also promised to remove the DACA program. For this reason, I had to re-turn to New Haven and assist my fam-ily as we figure out which decisions are the best to take moving forward. Thus, I am sorry to inform you that I will no longer be able to continue my intern-ship in your Washington, D.C. office. ‘‘I want to express that while I am in constant fear questioning whether I will be able to complete my under-graduate degree, or if my U.S.-citizen sister will be separated from us, I am not giving in. My best memory work-ing in your office was running into an old employer who came to the office for a Capitol tour. Reflecting on the as-pirations I had working as a busser to get myself through high school, I re-member your persona always providing me with hope. That hope has grown ex-ponentially as I reminisce on the times you walked into the office and greeted all your interns with such gratitude and enthusiasm. ‘‘With infinite gratitude, Sergio.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.008 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH828 February 1, 2017 
How does this promising young man’s fear make us safer? How can we stand idly by while his family navigates un-speakable anxiety and pain? How can we live with ourselves if we let these hateful policies stand? Sergio is a bright young man dedi-cated to public service, and now he is a young man questioning his future and the future of his family. This story breaks my heart; it should break yours. President Trump’s executive orders are not just anti-immigrant; they are anti-American. Most of our families, including my own, came to this coun-try as immigrants. My father came through Ellis Island in 1913 as an immigrant from Italy. He was in school, and he had to leave school in the seventh grade as he was 11 years old because his teachers and his classmates laughed at him. He got himself an education, served his country in the United States mili-tary for 8 years, served on the City Council in New Haven, worked as hard as he could along with my mother, whose mother and father came from Italy before her. They scrimped and they saved to give me the finest edu-cation. And as an immigrant family, they could only dare dream that I would sit in the United States House of Representatives and be here today. It is the American Dream. It is what this Nation is all about as we stand under this dome in this building, the seat of our democracy. Do not let any individual, any polit-ical party destroy that American Dream. Our country is made richer by immigrants. We have always welcomed men, women, and children to our shores so that they can build a better life and build a stronger nation. The President’s executive orders are an insult to our country’s roots and our values. Instead of uniting us, he threatens to further divide us. I stand with Sergio and the millions of people like him whose futures are in flux because of this administration’s misguided policies. Do not destroy the American Dream. 
f 
NATIONAL CATHOLIC SCHOOLS WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) for 5 minutes. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of National Catholic Schools Week and to recognize the out-standing contributions that Catholic schools have made and continue to make to our Nation. As a proud graduate of St. Symphorosa Grammar School and St. Ignatius College Prep and as a strong supporter of Catholic education, I have introduced H. Res. 57, honoring Janu-ary 29 through February 4 as National Catholic Schools Week. I would like to thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) for working with me on this resolution and on other issues. Following his Catholic faith, Mr. SMITH is one of our greatest defenders of free-dom and human rights around the world. This year marks the 43rd anniversary of Catholic Schools Week. Since 1974, Catholic Schools Week has celebrated the important role that these institu-tions play in America and their excel-lent reputation for providing a strong academic and moral education as well as teaching community responsibility and outreach. b1045 This year’s theme, ‘‘Catholic Schools: Communities of Faith, Knowl-edge, and Service,’’ highlights the val-ues that are the centerpiece of a Catho-lic education. Today, over 2 million elementary and secondary school students are enrolled in over 6,600 Catholic schools. These students typically surpass their peers in math, science, reading, history, and geography in the NAEP test. The same is true for SAT scores. And the gradua-tion rate for Catholic high school stu-dents is 99 percent, with 85 percent of graduates enrolling in a 4-year college. As we continually hear disturbing re-ports about our national test scores, these statistics are truly remarkable and should be commended. Notably, the success of Catholic schools does not depend on selectivity. These academic achievements are real-ized by students from all walks of life. Catholic schools accept 9 out of 10 stu-dents who apply and are highly effec-tive in providing a quality education to students from every socioeconomic category, especially the disadvantaged and underserved urban communities. Over the past 30 years, the percentage of minority students enrolled in Catho-lic schools has more than doubled, and today they constitute about one-third of all Catholic school students. In times of economic hardship, Catholic schools can provide an affordable alter-native to other forms of private edu-cation. In addition to learning reading, writ-ing, and arithmetic, students also learn responsibility and how to become per-sons of character and integrity. Amer-ica’s Catholic schools produce grad-uates with the skills and integrity needed by our businesses, governments, and communities, emphasizing a well- rounded educational experience and in-stilling the values of giving back to the community and helping others. That is why ‘‘service’’ is in this year’s Catholic Schools Week theme. My own decision to pursue a career in public service was fostered, in part, by dedicated teachers throughout my formative years at Catholic schools. I celebrated Catholic Schools Week last week at a number of schools in my district. I visited St. Barbara Grammar School, which is located in the Bridge-port neighborhood of Chicago. I met with Principal Nicole Nolazco and the student council, and I spoke to and took questions from an all-school as-sembly. I visited Everest Academy in Lemont, where Principal Lori Broncato and Father Jason gave me a tour of the quickly growing school, and I answered questions from students before the whole school wowed me with an im-pressive version of the song, ‘‘Amer-ica.’’ Finally, I visited my alma mater, St. Symphorosa, in the Clearing neighbor-hood in Chicago. I met with Principal Kathy Berry and Father Idzi and spoke to students about my experiences at St. Syms and how my Catholic edu-cation made it possible for me to serve in the U.S. Congress. These are just three of the many wonderful Catholic schools in my dis-trict that are part of the Chicago Arch-diocese and the Joliet Diocese. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in congratulating and thanking Catholic schools across the country, which provide first-class, well-rounded educations and contribute so much to our Nation. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 48 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We thank You that we are a nation fashioned out of diverse peoples and cultures, brought forth on this con-tinent in a way not unlike the ancient people of Israel. As out of a desert, You led our American ancestors to this promised land where they declared their independence and constituted a new nation founded upon unalienable rights given to us by You, our Creator. Bless our Nation with wisdom, knowledge, and understanding, and bless the Members of this people’s House. Renew in us the adoption by Your Spirit that we may affirm our freedoms, not only with the conviction in the way we understand others, but in ourselves by actions proven beyond words. Bless us this day and every day. May all that is done here this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Feb 01, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.010 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H829 February 1, 2017 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mrs. DINGELL led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
UNDOING JOB-KILLING REGULATIONS (Mr. PEARCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, many times, people ask me: Just what is it about regulations that kills jobs? That is what we are involved in this week is undoing some of those regulations. I will be introducing one today to un-wind a regulation that the BLM re-cently put into place. What happened is, over a year ago, for the first time in 40 years, we al-lowed Americans to export oil. We are diminishing the trade deficits—that is, we are making our economy stronger— by shipping to South American coun-tries and to countries all over the world. It is good for American jobs. Then the BLM comes in and puts in its onshore oil and gas order No. 3 rule, which will make it more difficult for us to produce oil off of public lands. It simply shouldn’t be there. We are introducing legislation today that will reject that as a bureaucratic entanglement of job creation in the country. That is as simple as we could be. We look forward to the support of the Members of the House. EXPAND AND STRENGTHEN SOCIAL SECURITY (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, this week in 1940, the first So-cial Security check was issued. Since then, it has been one of our Nation’s most impactful and successful pro-grams. Social Security is based on a simple premise: if you work hard, you should live a dignified retirement. It has been a critical lifeline for America’s seniors, tens of millions of whom were pulled out of poverty because of this program. In order for Social Security to con-tinue to fulfill its promise, Congress and the administration need to work together. I am concerned that the new administration may wish to dismantle Social Security as we know it. The President’s choice for Budget Director has a long track record of calling for raises in the retirement age and of low-ering Social Security benefit payouts. In 2011, when my Republican colleagues proposed cuts to Social Security, the nominee argued that the cuts were not rapid enough. This is unacceptable. We cannot afford to weaken Social Security. We should expand and strengthen this program. We need to make Social Security more generous and increase the benefits so that to-day’s and tomorrow’s retirees get the dignified retirements that they have earned. This is also good for economic growth, higher wages, higher demand, higher economic growth, and oppor-tunity. f 
THE ROBESONIAN (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of The Robesonian newspaper in Lumberton, North Carolina, and their exceptional public service during the massive floods caused by Hurricane Matthew. Last October, Lumberton was inun-dated with rain. The water treatment plant was under 4 feet of water; Inter-state 95 was shut down; hundreds of homes and businesses were destroyed. The devastation, which I witnessed firsthand, was unbelievable. The Robesonian’s own offices were de-stroyed, and much of the staff suffered personal loss, slept in offices, went without showers; yet the newspaper continued to share vital information online and via social media. Mr. Speaker, during this emergency, The Robesonian’s website and social media were the only way many resi-dents of Robeson County could access updated information on shelters and water distribution. Thank you to the dedicated staff of The Robesonian for putting the com-munity first and serving with distinc-tion during the Hurricane Matthew floods. f 
MUSLIM AND REFUGEE BAN (Mrs. DINGELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to give voice to my constituents and their families whose worlds have been turned upside down following President Trump’s executive order last Friday, which they feel is directed at Muslims. Since the order was signed, we have been flooded with calls, with messages; and no matter where I am in the dis-trict, people are scared and terrified. I cannot convey to this House enough the feelings of individuals who have gone through a stringent vetting proc-ess, who hold green cards, who are offi-cial legal residents—in some cases, even citizens—who are afraid that someone is going to knock on their door at 3 a.m. and take and deport them from this country. They are real people. The Detroit headlines are full today of stories of an Iraqi whose mother died, who had served with the military in Iraq, and was trying to bring his mother back. He is an American cit-izen. Another is a doctor whose wife is in Qatar and had taken her baby home—both here legally. We all care about keeping this Na-tion safe. We also have to protect the fundamental pillars of our Constitu-tion. 
f 
MIAMI LIGHTHOUSE DIAMOND ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the Miami Lighthouse for the Blind and Visually Impaired, an amazing nonprofit service organization which is located in my congressional district, on its recent Diamond Anni-versary Celebration of 85 years of serv-ice. The Miami Lighthouse has served south Florida since 1931, offering essen-tial programs and experiences for all of those who have visual impairments. As a co-chair of the Congressional Vi-sion Caucus, I understand the impor-tance of the mission of the Miami Lighthouse: to provide vision rehabili-tation, eye health services that pro-mote independence, to collaborate with and train professionals, and to conduct research in related fields. Mr. Speaker, organizations like the Miami Lighthouse form the backbone of our civil society. Congratulations to my dear friend Virginia Jacko and all of the staff and many volunteers of the Miami Light-house as they continue their life- changing work into their 86th year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.012 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH830 February 1, 2017 
TRUMP WHITE HOUSE’S POLICIES (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise to give voice to millions of Illi-noisans who are outraged by President Trump and his disastrous first week in office. He has already managed to achieve a 50 percent disapproval rating. Here is a recap of his first week: He closed the White House telephone line, has attacked the health of mil-lions of families and started the proc-ess to repeal the ACA—something that experts estimate will kill 43,000 Ameri-cans a year, has put politicians and politics between women and their abil-ity to make their own healthcare choices. His Cabinet is stocked with a fore-closure king, a billionaire lobbyist, and someone rejected from the Federal bench for racially charged rhetoric. He capped off last week with the un-constitutional and un-American Mus-lim ban that makes us less safe. It was so awful that it achieved bipartisan condemnation. Even our allies are starting to retreat from us. More than a million U.K. citizens signed a peti-tion to keep President Trump from vis-iting. As we face new and emerging threats, can we afford to allow this administra-tion to alienate us from long-held al-lies? Mr. Speaker, it is time to get seri-ous about the Trump White House’s policies. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING CHIEF SPECIAL WARFARE OPER-ATOR RYAN OWENS (Mr. L
AHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise with a heavy heart to honor Ryan Owens, a Navy SEAL from Peoria, Illi-nois—my hometown—who paid the ul-timate sacrifice for his country over the weekend in Yemen. Ryan Owens, with his elite counter-terrorism unit, SEAL Team Six, was fatally wounded during a night raid against al Qaeda in Yemen. The De-partment of Defense reported that the raid was a success but that the price was steep. The Constitution of our great Nation was written in ink, but those principles are defended in blood. This remarkable man’s sacrifice is a painful reminder of the immeasurable cost of our freedom and national security and of the dark evil we face as we wage the war against terrorism. My thoughts and prayers are with Ryan’s grieving family this week: his father, his wife, and his children. I pray that they will take comfort in knowing that his death was not in vain and that neighbors, community, and Nation are joining them in mourning his death and in remembering his life. Ryan Owens will be posthumously awarded with the Purple Heart. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I would ask that the House rise in a moment of silence to pay tribute to Navy SEAL Ryan Owens for his exceptional service to our country. f 
STOP THE MUSLIM AND REFUGEE BAN (Ms. PINGREE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, just hours before President Trump’s inau-guration, I met a young woman in my district from Djibouti who was named Fozia. Fozia had worked with our mili-tary as an interpreter. She came to the United States for the freedom and safe-ty she could not find in her home coun-try; but as a Muslim and immigrant, the rhetoric she heard during the elec-tion had made her question whether she was welcome here. Since President Trump has issued his backdoor ban on Muslim immigrants and a halt on all refugees, I have thought of Fozia often as well as thou-sands of other refugees and asylees who have undergone arduous journeys and thorough vetting to make Maine their home. These good people have enriched our State in many ways—raising families and filling a vital need in our aging workforce. They live in New England cities with French names that were built by Irish laborers, reminders of the many generations of immigrants who came here for a better life and who helped make our country great. President Trump’s order is likely un-constitutional, but without a doubt, it is un-American. This Congress is guilty of the same sin if we don’t do every-thing in our power to stop it. 
f 
b1215 PRESIDENT’S EFFORTS ARE BEING DISTORTED (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, approximately 58 percent of the people in this world have to get by on $4 or less a day. This means roughly 4 billion of the 7 billion in the world are living in extreme or very great pov-erty. If we simply opened our borders, probably several hundred million would come here over the next 2 or 3 years. Our entire infrastructure—our schools, hospitals, jails, sewers, roads—in fact, our entire economy could not handle a massive, rapid influx like that. The American people are the kindest, most generous people in the world. We have allowed far more immigration than any other country over the last 50 years—many millions. No other coun-try has even come close. But we must enforce our immigration laws. The great majority of the American people want border security. President Trump’s immigration order was not a Muslim ban. It did not even apply to 9 of the 10 largest population Muslim countries. The President’s efforts are being completely distorted. He is simply try-ing to do what the people want. f 
TRUMP’S IMMIGRATION POLICIES POPULAR (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, for days the media has saturated the news with stories savaging President Trump for his immigration executive orders. The President wants to protect Americans by temporarily halting the admission of refugees from seven coun-tries considered security threats to the United States. Despite the media’s heavily biased coverage, the American people still agree with the President. A USA Today poll found that 53 percent support ‘‘reg-istering immigrants from Muslim-ma-jority countries.’’ Only 41 percent op-pose it. Even the poll was slanted against the President. The question asked implied that all Muslim-majority countries were affected, which is not true. It also used the word ‘‘register,’’ which has negative connotations and besides is not accurate. A more factual question that in-quired about stricter vetting of refu-gees from the seven countries that pose security risks likely would have gar-nered even more support for the Presi-dent’s executive actions. The media did everything they could to turn the public against the Presi-dent, but it didn’t work. The American people are smarter than the media thinks. 
f 
REPEAL OF MEDICAL DEVICE TAX (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support a per-manent repeal of the medical device tax. The more than 7,000 medical device companies in the United States con-tribute hundreds of billions of dollars to our economy every year, employing over 400,000 Americans, and creating lifesaving technologies that benefit pa-tients around the world. Many of these device manufacturers are based in my district in and around Warsaw, Indiana, and we are proud that Warsaw is often called the orthopedic capital of the world. The vast majority of medical device manufacturers employ fewer than 50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.014 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H831 February 1, 2017 
people, with many generating little to no sales revenue. This is what makes the potential reinstatement of the 2.3 percent excise tax on medical device sales so harmful. This misguided tax would subject the medical device in-dustry to one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world and eliminate thousands of jobs. Repealing this tax has broad, bipar-tisan support in both Chambers of Con-gress, and I urge my colleagues to make eliminating this tax a top legis-lative priority in 2017. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHANCELLOR KEITH CARVER (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chancellor Keith Carver and celebrate his appointment as chancellor of the University of Tennessee at Martin. I have known Keith Carver for more than 30 years, and I could not think of anyone more deserving of this pres-tigious role. We met during college at the University of Memphis. And during that time, I was always impressed by his energy, his creativity, and his focus. Most importantly, he was and certainly still is an incredibly strong leader; and that is the most important part. I believe that Dr. Carver is the right person at the right time—a time when this university needs strong, respon-sible leadership. I am so excited for the town of Mar-tin, for the University of Tennessee system, and the entire Volunteer State in this prosperous new era under Dr. Carver’s strong leadership. I can’t wait to see what great things we can accom-plish together. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 41, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 40, PROVIDING FOR CON-GRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE SO-CIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRA-TION Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 71 and ask for its im-mediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 71 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 41) pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Securities and Ex-change Commission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers’’. All points of order against consid-eration of the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the joint resolution are waived. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolution and on any amend-ment thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services; and (2) one motion to recommit. SEC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 40) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Social Security Administra-tion relating to Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007. All points of order against consideration of the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolu-tion shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the joint resolu-tion are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolu-tion and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary or their respective designees; and (2) one mo-tion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania). The gentleman from Colorado is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of the rule and the underlying resolutions. Before us is a resolution of dis-approval that restores constitutional rights and empowers individuals with disabilities. Many of us know someone who struggles with a disability. We know friends or family who have men-tal challenges. We know these people, and we know they deserve the same constitutional protections as everyone else. That is why this resolution is so im-portant. It ends discrimination against individuals with disabilities. It restores due process rights. It keeps the Social Security Administration focused on its duty. Mr. Speaker, the Obama administra-tion’s last-minute regulation to strip disability benefit recipients of their constitutional rights is deeply trou-bling. The regulation at hand declares that just because an individual needs assist-ance in managing their disability bene-fits, they are also unfit to own a fire-arm. But this kind of thinking is dis-criminatory, forcing those with disabil-ities to choose between their constitu-tional rights or their disability bene-fits turns back the clock on disability rights. This regulation singles out a single constitutional right to strip away from a group of Americans. It doesn’t make sense. Why take away one right and not others? Why not also strip those citi-zens of the right to vote or the right to trial by jury or the right to free speech? In this country, your rights can’t be limited without due process, but this regulation limits a constitutional right and only offers the recourse of appeal after the decision has been made. When it is easier to have your rights stripped away than to have them restored, it means your due process rights have also died in the process. Mr. Speaker, this resolution restores the due process rights of individuals with disabilities. This resolution also refocuses the Social Security Adminis-tration. The agency’s job is to admin-ister benefits to Americans, not adju-dicate cases concerning constitutional rights. Mr. Speaker, I am also worried that this regulation will divert precious So-cial Security Administration resources from vital agency tasks. We trust the agency to fulfill our commitments to seniors and those with disabilities. This regulation distracts from those sacred promises. I thank Mr. JOHNSON and my col-leagues for their hard work on this res-olution. We need to pass it. Mr. Speaker, we also need to pass the joint resolution of disapproval for the Dodd-Frank section 1504 regulation. This resolution restores competitive-ness to American energy companies. It allows American companies to comply with foreign and domestic laws, and it protects American workers abroad. Section 1504 of Dodd-Frank requires companies to report their payments to our government or foreign govern-ments related to oil, natural gas, and mineral extraction. After reporting this to the SEC, the agency publishes these disclosures. This process is costly and unfair to American businesses. By forcing disclosure of project-level sensitive business information, Amer-ican energy companies will face a dis-advantage against government-owned energy companies. Since government- owned companies control three-quar-ters of the world’s oil supply, this regu-lation could drastically impair the competitiveness of American compa-nies. And the actual cost of compliance limit, estimated by the American Pe-troleum Institute to take 217,000 em-ployee hours over a 3-year period, would be devastating. Section 1504 must also be rolled back because it might force American com-panies to break the law of foreign countries. Some foreign nations pro-hibit the very disclosure requirements 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.016 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH832 February 1, 2017 
required by this SEC regulation. Our companies should not have to decide between following the rule of law here and following it abroad. Finally, by forcing such detailed and specific disclosures to the public, sec-tion 1504 could make energy extraction sites prime targets for terrorists. Whether in the U.S. or abroad, we need to wisely protect American workers from terrorism and other threats. Mr. Speaker, this resolution restores competitiveness to American compa-nies, allowing them to contribute to the global energy economy in a safe, secure, and legal manner. It is time for Congress to reassert its authority and fix this poorly imple-mented legislation. I commend the work done by Rep-resentative H
UIZENGA and my col-leagues on this important resolution, and I urge its passage. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. I thank the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK) for extending me the customary 30 min-utes. Mr. Speaker, we are only one month into 2017; and today we have another closed rule or, as I call them now, Putin rules. This is the kind of process they have in Russia: no amendments, no debate, no nothing, completely shut down. It is your way or the highway. This is not the way the United States House of Representatives, the greatest deliberative body in the world, should be run. This is shameful. I have very serious concerns about the road that we are traveling down, Mr. Speaker. The 115th Congress is only a few weeks old, and we have already ushered in a process that is alarmingly restric-tive. Sadly, it has become routine in this Republican House for the majority to close down the process, rush bills through the House without regular order, enforce the rules for Democrats but not for Republicans, and insist on spending all of our time on partisan legislation instead of working together to find bipartisan compromises and so-lutions to the real problems facing American families and workers. Mr. Speaker, today’s legislation makes clear that the Republicans are eager to repeal protections put in place to help the American people. We should be working to expand opportunity for hardworking families and strengthen safeguards to put the American people first, not corporations, not wealthy CEOs, not big donors, and not special interests, but the people ought to come first. b1230 Today is another sad day. We are en-gaged in what I would call mindless legislating. While my Republican friends say they want to repeal need-less regulation—something that we all want to do—the process my Republican friends have embraced, to put it gently, is reckless. No matter what you think of a particular regulation, or rule—or, in many cases, they are protections— no matter what you may think of a particular regulation, there is no deny-ing that these rules that my Repub-lican friends are bringing to the floor to repeal went through a vigorous proc-ess that took months and months, and even years to complete. They went through agency review. They went through a lengthy comment period, oftentimes thousands, if not tens of thousands, of people weighed in on the pros and cons of a particular idea. But the idea that we would just erase them with the blink of an eye, no hearings, no markups, nothing, it is a mindless way to legislate and a dis-turbing way to govern. The ‘‘act first and think later’’ ap-proach was on full display with Presi-dent Trump’s Muslim ban. It was so hastily enacted that his own Secretary of Homeland Security didn’t even know that the President was signing the ex-ecutive order until he saw it on cable news. The Trump White House did such a poor job of briefing the Federal agen-cies charged with enforcing the policy that airports across the country were caught completely off guard, and there was widespread confusion and chaos about how to carry it out. That is what happens when you don’t embrace a process that is thoughtful. You get confusion, you get chaos, and you usually get bad policy. The mindless approach to governing by Republicans continued this week. On Monday, President Trump an-nounced that, for every new regulation passed, two regulations must be re-pealed. That is it. No details on what kind of regulations would be repealed, or why they would be repealed. This is a blind shotgun and arbitrary approach to our Nation’s laws. We shouldn’t be dumbing down the way we govern. The American people deserve better from their leaders in Congress, and I think they deserve better from their leaders in the White House. Now, when this legislation came be-fore the Rules Committee the other night, there were plenty of questions. The hearing went on for a long time. Lots of the questions came from my Republican friends. And I will tell you, the chairman’s answers were not al-ways that enlightening. I think maybe some more hearings would have helped. But in response to some of these objec-tions, namely, did the bill undergo any review by a committee, one of my Re-publican friends—and it may have been the gentleman from Colorado—said: We don’t have time. We don’t have time for hearings. We have so many regula-tions that we want to repeal. Don’t have the time for a hearing? Don’t have the time to understand what we are doing? I thought that was part of our job. We were supposed to deliberate. We were supposed to read the bill. We were supposed to under-stand the impact of the actions that we may or may not take in this Congress. That is our job. The American people have given us the responsibility to take the time to do our job right and to carefully con-sider the laws we pass. To say that we don’t have time for hearings and delib-eration—never mind, we don’t have time to allow an open process where people might want to offer amend-ments—is ridiculous. It is shameful. And I will tell my Republican friends, stand up to your leadership on this. This is not the way this House should be run. So as we consider the repeal of the NICS rule, we should remember that Congress has failed to take any mean-ingful action on gun violence at all. We have massacres on a regular basis in this country. All we do is we have a moment of silence. That is our re-sponse. We have a high rate of suicides in this country due to gun violence. It is something we ought to talk about. And I think that the NICS rule is a commonsense, responsible gun safety measure that could potentially save the lives of thousands of people in this country. I think Congress has the re-sponsibility to keep our families safe, not remove safeguards that help pre-vent gun violence. Far too many have lost their lives to preventable gun violence. This rule is intended to keep firearms out of the hands of those suffering from severe mental illness. That is a commonsense idea that I think we all should agree on. In 2007, President George W. Bush signed a bipartisan bill to identify indi-viduals ineligible to possess firearms because of severe mental health issues. This rule allows for a reporting method to ensure that the law is implemented effectively. It is intended to save lives. Every year in the United States, more than 21,000 people kill themselves, and men-tal illness is also an important factor. A gun is used in the majority of these cases. The people listed on NICS are the 75,000 dealing with the most severe mental illnesses. These are people who need help, not access to a dangerous weapon like a gun. I think this rule is a critical step, but we must close the online gun show loopholes, and we must ensure uni-versal background checks. I think we ought to bring to the floor a bill that says that if the FBI and our security agencies have put you on a terrorist watch list and think that you are too dangerous to fly on an airplane, then you ought not to be able to go out and buy a gun. But under the way this House is run, we can’t even bring those things to the floor for a debate. The Republican lead-ership and the Republican Rules Com-mittee blocks it so that there can’t be real deliberation on the House floor. When people ask me all the time, Why can’t you have a debate on this, or why can’t you have a vote on it, I have to explain that the House Rules Com-mittee, run by nine Republicans, says 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.018 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H833 February 1, 2017 
no to everything, says no to every idea that they don’t absolutely embrace. And that is not the way Congress should be run. Mr. Speaker, even if you disagree with me on the value of this rule, I think it is an important enough issue that there ought to have been a hear-ing. There ought to have been that op-portunity to deliberate and to talk about it and what the impacts are. But no, nothing. We don’t have the time. So here we are. Mr. Speaker, the other bill before us is a naked attempt by Republicans to undo anticorruption rules. The rule that they are so upset about would re-quire energy companies on the U.S. stock exchange to disclose payments they make to foreign governments for access to their natural resources. Now, there are reasons for this. It is important that there be transparency. We heard all about the plans to drain the swamp, but President Trump and the Republicans are doing all they can to turn the swamp into a cesspool. Putting aside all of his conflicts of interest that, I think, are on a collision course with corruption, I mean, repeal-ing things like this, is just a bad idea. The Republicans in Congress are trying to roll back regulations like this one that are aimed at increasing trans-parency and fighting corruption. ExxonMobil heavily lobbied against this rule. And now, with former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson on the cusp of becoming our country’s new Secretary of State, Republicans are proposing to kill this anticorruption rule that benefits Big Oil. That is reck-less, and it is irresponsible. When this rule was enacted as part of the Dodd-Frank bill in 2010, the Big Oil lobbies strongly fought against it in court, but Congress fought back to as-sert America’s traditional role as a global leader in fighting corruption. American leadership delivered results. The European Union promptly moved to enact nearly identical legislation, as did Canada with support of its global mining companies. But now, Big Oil is back seeking re-peal of the rule so their payments can be kept secret from the American peo-ple. They claim they will be at a com-petitive disadvantage to foreigners, or they will have to reveal commercially sensitive information. But with Europe and Canada in the same disclosure system, the playing field is now level and the companies al-ready filing have suffered no commer-cial harm, nor revealed vital secrets. The fact is, this won’t cost a single American job, and the only thing oil companies will need to do differently is report their numbers. Aside from Big Oil, those most eager to repeal this rule are autocrats in places like Russia, Iran, and Ven-ezuela—with oil wells, gas fields, or copper mines—who want to keep the money secret from their citizens. Why should we do their bidding? Why should we be in league with them? On top of that, this rule is our most affordable and effective way to fight corruption abroad. We cannot afford to betray our own principles and severely undercut our allies in Europe and Can-ada. It would cost countless lives over the long run and endanger our secu-rity. We need to put American inter-ests first, ahead of the special inter-ests, ahead of the corporate interests, and retain that important rule. Obviously, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the repeal of these two rules, but you got to do what you got to do. But I urge you to vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. And I ask you to vote ‘‘no’’ because it should be a principle vote. This place is becoming so closed up, so restrictive, that this is not a delib-erative body anymore. We are not talk-ing about things anymore. It is basi-cally whatever the leadership wants, whatever Donald Trump wants, you bring to the floor, rubber stamp it, and that is it. I don’t care what political party you are in, nobody who got elected by the people of this country should stand for that kind of process. With that, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I appreciate my colleague from Mas-sachusetts raising the issue of a thoughtful process and whether this legislation was rushed to the floor. I think it is worth noting that the original legislation, which this rule seeks to amend, became law in a time when my colleague was in the House and his party was in the majority. The NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 was introduced in the House on June 11, 2007. The bill was moved by Congressman C
ONYERS under suspension of the rules and passed by the House on June 13, 2007. There was no markup in the Judi-ciary Committee. There was no mean-ingful debate on the floor. The bill was rammed through the House in 3 days without any thought to the potential consequences of its passage. It passed the Senate by unanimous consent. I did not see others standing up to leadership at that point in time. In its implementation, we are seeing the con-sequences. They involve the stripping away of constitutional rights and due process rights. They involve the elimi-nation of due process rights. They in-volve discrimination against individ-uals with disabilities. As for the point that this rule that we are now debating somehow encour-ages corruption, the fact is that this regulation puts U.S. companies at a competitive disadvantage to state- owned entities abroad that are not sub-ject to SEC regulation. Additionally, it costs hundreds of millions of dollars in compliance costs for U.S. businesses. The Foreign Cor-rupt Practices Act already prohibits bribes to foreign governments to ob-tain or retain business. These are le-gitimate payments being made to for-eign governments, the payments that we are discussing here, and we should still prosecute any corruption to the full extent of the law. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. With regard to the NICS bill, I have a very different version of history than the gentleman does, including one that represents a bipartisan compromise with the Bush White House. So I have a very, very different recol-lection of history than he does on that. And on the other bill, it is all about corruption, and it is all about giving Big Oil what they want. At the end of the day, the two inter-ests that are most happy with the re-peal of this rule are Big Oil and Russia. And if that is where we believe that we ought to be using our energy to help then go ahead and vote to repeal it. But again, I think that this process speaks for itself. Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge my colleagues to defeat the previous ques-tion, and, if they do, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative L
OFGREN ’s bill to over-turn and defund President Trump’s im-moral, unconstitutional, and discrimi-natory executive order banning Syrian refugees and suspending immigration from certain countries. President Trump’s executive order flies in the face of our Nation’s values. It compromises our national security by providing terrorist groups with a re-cruiting tool. This executive order needs to be overturned, and, if we de-feat the previous question, we will bring up legislation to do just that. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentle-woman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ) to discuss our proposal. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote against this previous question so that the bill to overturn President Trump’s ill-advised ban on travel can be addressed. b1245 There has been a lot of dustup and discussion about this, but, really, if you read the order, it is very clear what it does. It suspends entry for 90 days of all immigrants—that is green card holders—and nonimmigrants from seven Muslim majority countries. It also suspends all refugee admission for 120 days. Now, there has been discussion about the Middle East refugees, but if you look at last year, most of the refugees who came in were from the Congo and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.020 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH834 February 1, 2017 
also from Burma. Those individuals who have suffered—they have been tor-tured—are going to stay in the refugee camps at least for 120 days, and, obvi-ously, this disrupts the program. This will be a much longer end to the ref-ugee program. Now, there is an exception, and the President has said he wants to let Christian refugees in, and the order itself says minority religions. There is a problem not only with violating the law because the Immigration and Na-tionality Act prohibits discrimination based on nationality and on religion, but also the premise is that Christians who had been persecuted were not ad-mitted as refugees. That is simply false. That is false. There were large numbers of refugees who have been per-secuted, including Christians. This order violates the Immigration and Na-tionality Act. It also violates the Con-stitution. That is why my bill should be brought up. I am going to give you just two ex-amples. One is General Talib al-Kenani, who is an Iraqi four-star general who is commanding an elite, American- trained counterterrorism unit that has led the fight against ISIS for the last 2 years. His wife and children were moved to the United States because staying in Iraq was too unsafe for them. He is now unable to visit his family in the United States. He told CBS News: ‘‘We thought we were part-ners with our American friends, and now we realize we are just considered terrorists.’’ How does this help the fight against ISIS? I want to give you another example. Remember the Yazidis? The Yazidis were being persecuted by ISIS. We re-member that they had been isolated at the top of a mountain in Syria; and when President Obama was in office, he acted. We bombed ISIS and we saved the Yazidis. This is what President Obama said: ‘‘When we have the unique capabilities to avert a massacre, then I believe the United States of America cannot turn a blind eye. We can act, carefully and responsibly, to prevent a potential act of genocide. That’s what we’re doing on that mountain.’’ I mention this because there is an in-dividual, a Yazidi woman, who had been the only Yazidi person—woman— in the Iraqi parliament, Vian Dakhil. One week after the President’s an-nouncement, she was injured in a heli-copter crash during a mission to de-liver humanitarian aid to the Yazidis who were trapped in the siege by ISIS. She has received awards in London, in Dubai, in Vienna, and in Geneva for her human rights work. Ironically, she was supposed to come to Washington, D.C., next week to come to the U.S. Capitol to receive an award from the Tom Lan-tos Human Rights Commission. Now, we remember our late colleague, Tom Lantos, the only Member of Congress who survived the Nazi concentration camps, and we have established this humanitarian prize in his memory. This valiant woman now can’t come to Washington, to the U.S. Congress, to receive the Tom Lantos Human Rights Prize because of President Trump’s ban on individuals coming from Syria. This is a ridiculous situation. It is il-legal, it is unconstitutional, it is con-trary to American values, and it doesn’t make any sense. So I would hope that we can defeat this previous question and that we can do something responsible: stand up for the rule of law, stand up for the Constitution, stand up for common sense, and over-turn this executive order. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Does the gentleman have any other speakers? Mr. BUCK. I am waiting for one. I do not have a speaker now, but the gentle-man’s eloquence would be welcome at this point and any way that the gen-tleman would like to inform us on im-portant issues. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, as my distin-guished colleague, Ms. L
OFGREN , stat-ed, we want to defeat the previous question because we are horrified, quite frankly, by the impact that President Trump’s executive orders on immigration have had on a lot of good, decent people, many of whom have al-ready been vetted. We have students who have been held up who have stu-dent visas, we have dual citizens who have been caught up in this mess, and we have people coming to get human rights prizes. I could go on and on and on, but we need to correct this. We are better than this. I would suggest to my Republican friends, rather than circling the wag-ons to try to defend the indefensible, they ought to join with us and defeat the previous question so that we can actually do the right thing and over-turn this narrowminded, misguided, and discriminatory policy. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues, the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), who sits on the Rules Committee, and Mr. B
UCK, who is han-dling, I think, his first rule as a mem-ber of the Rules Committee today. Mr. B
UCKis from Windsor, Colorado. He is a second-term Member and is doing an awesome job not only on his homework duties of recognizing how important it is for Members to understand what we are talking about and why we are doing things, but also enunciation of rules that we are talking about that were promulgated by an administration. Mr. Speaker, what we are really here today to talk about is there are some of those rules and regulations where perhaps you didn’t go through the process that you should have or where there was really a determination made by the American people that rule-making goes too far. That is why we are here today. We are here today because there is a group of rules that were promulgated that don’t work and that did not really see, in our opinion, the balance of what was going to be in it for the American people. So, in particular, we are here to talk about a Social Security rule that discriminates against individuals with disabilities by denying them their con-stitutional rights. The gentleman, Mr. MCGOVERN , spoke very clearly about a meeting that we had at the Rules Committee. I think that the witnesses that we had were very specific and that they ques-tioned—including Mr. B
UCK, who was most active in his participation in the hearing—to work through the rule that is promulgated but doesn’t make sense when you evaluate it. The administra-tion chose to, I think, without due process, take away from a person based upon a disability that had nothing to do with their ability to effectively con-trol a weapon, but based upon other criteria and to take away a person’s Second Amendment rights. We oppose that. That is one of the reasons why we are here today. This rule that we are going to take away wrongly discriminates against those receiving disability benefits and, I be-lieve, falsely promulgates a stereotype against individuals with mental illness, calling them dangerous. There are peo-ple who do have mental illnesses, there are people who are struggling in life, and there are people who need help and seek help; but that is not a criteria for taking away a person’s constitutional right. We are joined in what we believe by the National Council on Disability. This is what they said in a letter that they sent that was dated January 24 of this year: ‘‘There is, simply put, no nexus between the inability to manage money and the ability to safely and re-sponsibly own, possess, or use a fire-arm. This arbitrary linkage not only unnecessarily and unreasonably de-prives individuals with disabilities of a constitutional right, it increases the stigma for those who, due to their dis-abilities, may need a representative payee. . . . ‘’ So what happened is the rule by the administration linked together these characteristics that they think iden-tify a person as being a risk so they take away their constitutional right. We couldn’t really relate to anybody that had done this, but it simply sounded like a good idea, I am sure, to people, and so they did this. Mr. Speaker, we are not trying to right all wrongs at the Rules Com-mittee, but when you take away some-body’s constitutional rights and take advantage of a person because of their disability, I don’t think that is fair. I am proud of what Mr. B
UCKis doing here. I am proud that we stood up on this issue, and I am pleased to be on the floor not only to support Mr. B
UCK, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.023 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H835 February 1, 2017 
but people who also live in the congres-sional district that I represent in Dal-las, Texas. I have received several calls from people. While I will not say their names, they live in Dallas, Texas; Gar-land, Texas; Wylie, Texas; and Rowlett, Texas; and they are worried about their ability to lose their constitu-tional rights simply because they have some help in managing their affairs but not related to a constitutional right of owning a weapon. So I am pleased to do this. There is no grandstanding necessary. There is an understanding of some things that can be written properly and some things that can’t, and I simply think they got it wrong, and that is what we are going to do here today. I thank the gentleman, Mr. B
UCK, for allowing me the chance to speak on this important issue. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I ask the gentleman from Colorado if he has additional speakers or is that the speaker we were waiting for? Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I have a few comments before I close, and then I would like to recognize the chairman for additional comments. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Rules Committee for being here today and just reinforce some of what the chairman had to say. As I travel Colorado, I hear from in-dividuals of all walks of life about the regulatory burdens that they face, the burden that has been placed upon them by their own government and how those burdens have impeded their life, liberty, and certainly pursuit of happi-ness. Small-business owners who would not open their business today because of the change in the business climate find that their tax burden, their regu-latory burden, and the attitude of Fed-eral regulators is such that they would choose a different path had they had to do it all over again. I talked to school administrators who are, again, facing a pile of paper-work to comply with school and nutri-tion requirements that have been pro-mulgated by this previous administra-tion. b1300 I talk to veterans who have to wait on long, long lines and fill out ridicu-lous paperwork because the Veterans Administration is unable to recognize the necessity, the importance of what those veterans are trying to accom-plish at the VA. I am deeply concerned about the regulations, and I am proud that my colleagues have decided to ad-dress some of these regulations in the way that they have. I appreciate the chairman standing up on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts not only, once again, for being here, but for responsibly standing up for his party and the things which they not only have a right to bring to the floor, but an opportunity for him to discuss those things as he chooses to justify the rules that we are going to not only dis-cuss their merits, but to really ensure that the American people understand why we believe that these rules that were promulgated need to be over-turned. Mr. Speaker, the second joint resolu-tion that was included in Mr. BUCK’s rule is a resolution that discusses the Securities and Exchange Commission related to what is called disclosure of payments by resource extraction issuers. My gosh, what does that mean? Well, we understood the previous administra-tion is anti what they call Big Oil. They are after anybody that is in the oil business. You and I both understand that our country and the world is stronger because we don’t freeze to death in the winter and we don’t get too hot in the summer because we have available energy at a great price. But it means that companies in the United States also go around the world to find other places where they may ex-tract oil or resources related to energy, and the Securities and Exchange Com-mission published in the Federal Reg-ister, on July 27, 2016, a rule that would place American companies—and only American companies—that extract val-uable resources—meaning energy— from other places in the world and that they would have to publicly disclose arrangements and deals that they make related to them buying these re-sources. The Securities and Exchange Com-mission understands already the rules that are on American companies, in-cluding a rule that we know as the For-eign Corrupt Practices Act, which means that an American company can-not go overseas and induce through bribing someone to do something. But now, in order to stop these companies— many of them large companies, many of them medium-sized companies, but their nexus is that they are energy companies—they are going to require in this rule that that company tell ev-erybody, including competitors, what the deal might be that they got. So a private contract that might be between a country, a company, and an Amer-ican company is now going to see the light of day. Mr. Speaker, I think that is wrong. Fortunately, so does my party. We think that is wrong, because it unnec-essarily puts U.S. companies at a com-petitive disadvantage to many state- owned competitors around the world who are competing, many times, for the same resources. In other words, we just told them what the deal is—how much money, what the arrangement is, how it might be concluded—and that is a violation, in my opinion, of not only the power that the SEC has, but I think it is un-wise. I think it is blatantly unwise that we would unearth contracts from the free enterprise system while, at the same time, knowing they have to fol-low the rules of engagement, meaning the rules under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, at the same time. So, Mr. Speaker, what we are here to say is that we believe that these agen-cies are trying to harm America’s op-portunity to go and seek out good deals, better deals, and to find long- term contracts around the globe, wher-ever they might be, and that they have singled out energy companies, that they have gone out of their way in what was known as the Obama admin-istration to single out energy compa-nies because they don’t like energy deals. Mr. Speaker, what has happened as a result of not only this, but legislation that the Congress has done on Decem-ber 18, 2015, is we changed the Federal law related to the export of U.S. en-ergy. Before, there was a provision, some 40-year-old provision, that did not allow energy from the United States to be sold overseas. Once we did that, it completely turned the market upside down. So what might be deals then and deals now are in the best in-terest of consumers instead of what might be OPEC or a few other energy- rich countries. We think that what this was done for was to punish those companies that can go find better deals by telling ev-erybody what happened—but it was mostly done to punish—and it put us at a disadvantage. We are here on the second part of this joint resolution to say that the rule that was promulgated on July 27, 2016, is bad for America, is bad for con-sumers, and most of all, it is bad for America to have rules and regulations that take away the power of a private contract. We stand up and say: What are we going to do about it? We are going to go through the deliberate action that was taken not only at the White House, but was taken on the floor of the House of Representatives so that we have our say in the matter on rules and regula-tions. Mr. Speaker, I would advise my col-league, Mr. B
UCK, that there is a person who heard this debate going on and has come to the floor. I don’t know if he would choose to yield time to the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ), but I have been told that Mr. M
ASSIE  would like to help me along on some of my comments because of his excite-ment about what this rule does. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). The gentleman from Colo-rado has 7
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 9
3⁄4 minutes remaining. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. M
ASSIE ). Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, S
AM JOHNSON and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.024 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH836 February 1, 2017 
RALPH ABRAHAM , for sponsoring this joint resolution. I would also like to point out that my colleague from Colo-rado is a member of the Second Amend-ment Caucus, and he has been working hard on this issue. H.J. Res. 40 would strike down a rule that was finalized by the Social Secu-rity Administration just days before the close of the 114th Congress. This rule is yet another example of the pre-vious administration’s last-ditch ef-forts to attack our Second Amendment rights. Any attempt to curtail the right of Americans to defend themselves and their liberty is untenable. This scheme is particularly appalling because of whom it targets and how the adminis-tration sought to implement the rule. The rule targets our grandparents, our elderly mothers and fathers who have been awarded disability benefits and have had a family member or guardian appointed to handle their fi-nances. They haven’t committed a crime or demonstrated that they were a danger to society. There is no trial, no presumption of innocence. Their names are sent to the NICS database and their firearms are taken away, their right to own a firearm. Hardened criminals don’t have their rights violated to that extent without due process, so why would it be accept-able for our seniors? These men and women have worked hard to raise families, worked a job, and paid their fair share of taxes. Now they are being told that, in order to re-ceive their Social Security benefits, they must first surrender the funda-mental right to defend themselves. Is this the level of pettiness to which we have sunk? The House and the American people have soundly rejected gun control in all of its forms year after year; yet this last administration bypassed the legis-lative process, imposed a rule, and completely disregarded due process in order to strip seniors of their constitu-tional rights. Our seniors deserve bet-ter than that. This rule is not about protecting anyone. This rule should be seen for what it truly is: awful, politically mo-tivated, and a dangerous infringement on our Second Amendment rights. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I am not sure where to begin, because I have heard so many fascinating things here today. The distinguished chairman of the Rules Committee said we are here today to enunciate the rules. I don’t know what there is to enunciate. The only thing to enunciate is this is a closed rule. It is yet another closed rule. There is no opportunity to have any real deliberation, no real discus-sion. On top of that, there were no hearings on any of this stuff. No matter what your position is, I have to be honest with you, listening to the gentleman, Mr. M
ASSIE , just speak, I think it would have been nice if the Judiciary Committee could have actually had a hearing on this and maybe delved into some of the issues that the gentleman raised. When people say that there is no due process, I would remind them that, under the rule, impacted beneficiaries are notified that this determination is being considered and they are provided a process to challenge that determina-tion. Should the Social Security Ad-ministration determine that that re-cipient is able to safely use or possess guns, rights are restored and the per-son’s name is removed from NICS. That is what it says. Now, if there is a way to improve this, I am all for improving it; but by passing this measure here today, you prevent the agencies that are impacted here from ever being able to revisit the issue unless Congress deemed it appro-priate. So we are not trying to fix anything here. Basically, what we are doing is the bidding of the National Rifle Asso-ciation to eliminate anything aimed at protecting people from gun violence in this country. The gentleman from Colorado talked about the fact that his constituents want the right to protect their rights for life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness. Well, my constituents want that, too, but they have a right to not have to be victims of gun violence. They have a right to protect their loved ones who may use a weapon against themselves or their family members. But again, we can have this argu-ment on whether or not we should do more—and I believe we should—to pro-tect people in this country from gun vi-olence, but that discussion ought to have happened first in the Judiciary Committee, at a minimum, not in the Rules Committee. I am on the Rules Committee. I admire the intellect of everybody on the Rules Committee, but our expertise is not on judiciary matters. Similarly, on the other rule that is being repealed, the Financial Services Committee should have deliberated on that. I think there are some serious issues raised by repealing that rule, issues that I think go to the heart of corruption not only here in the United States, but around the world. When the chairman of the Rules Committee got up and gave his descrip-tion that somehow the U.S. oil compa-nies are only being singled out, it makes my case why we should have had a hearing. What he just said, in my opinion, does not reflect reality. The fact of the matter is, I looked at section 1504 of Dodd-Frank. It doesn’t just require all extractive companies in the U.S. It says that all extractive companies, U.S. and foreign, listed on the U.S. exchanges are to publicly dis-close the payments they make to gov-ernments for oil, gas, and mining re-sources. b1315 And then, on top of that—and I said this earlier—is that other countries have followed suit. Canada and the Eu-ropean Union and Norway have all passed similar laws. It is not just the United States being singled out. That is just wrong. Maybe, if we had a hear-ing in the committee of jurisdiction, that would have been clear, and this wouldn’t be a point of contention. The fact of the matter is, it is a sim-ple reporting requirement. It places no limits or restrictions on who compa-nies can pay money to or how much or for what. It has absolutely no regu-latory effect on any aspect of their business operations. There is abso-lutely no benefit to nullifying this commonsense law unless your objective is to make it easier for corrupt elites to steal money. The rule has no regu-latory impact on business operation and does not define illegal or improper payments. It is a simple reporting re-quirement. There is a problem with corruption, especially in places like Russia. Now, I know with the new administration, Russia is now in, and we are all sup-posed to say nice things about Russia. But Russia has a terrible record on human rights, and Russia has a terrible record when it comes to corruption, and we know that. We ought to not just cave to everything that Russia wants, and Russia and Big Oil want this re-pealed. So I would say to my colleagues that we can argue about the merits of all of this, and that is fine, but I go back to my original point. This is the rule, and the Speaker of the House talked about the importance of regular order. I have heard my colleagues talk about the im-portance of regular order. We don’t have regular order. You are all out of order. We end up coming to the floor with legislation that is always under restrictive processes, and most of the time now, in this new Congress, com-pletely closed rules. That doesn’t just disadvantage Democratic lawmakers who may have some ideas or may want to raise some issues, it disadvantages Republicans who may want to come to the floor with thoughtful ideas. I urge my colleagues to absolutely vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule because, again, we are getting into this habit where it is closed, closed, closed, closed, closed, and it undermines the integrity of this House of Representatives. It really is shameful. Finally, I will urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so that we can have a debate and a vote on overturning President Trump’s awful, discriminatory executive orders on immigration. It jeopardizes our na-tional security. It was carelessly im-plemented, carelessly put together. It is shameful. It is unconscionable that we are confronted with the mess that we are confronted with now. I know it is uncomfortable to talk about issues that impact the new President who is of your party, but this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.026 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H837 February 1, 2017 
is absolutely the right thing to do. And if you want to vote no on these things, vote no on them, but allow us to have the debate and allow us to have the vote. I urge ‘‘no’’ on the previous ques-tion and ‘‘no’’ on the rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time to close. I thank the gentleman from Texas and the gentleman from Kentucky for their remarks, and I appreciate the in-sightful remarks from the gentleman from Massachusetts. I am troubled right now. I am struggling to remem-ber—as the gentleman describes Russia with its terrible record on human rights, I am trying to remember ex-actly who it was who had the reset but-ton with Vladimir Putin, and I don’t think it was the Trump administra-tion. I could be wrong. Mr. Speaker, America has come so far in advancing the rights of those with disabilities. We have also fought long and hard to protect our constitu-tional rights. The rule before us achieves both of those ends. The Obama administration’s last-ditch ef-fort to strip constitutional rights from individuals with disabilities must not stand. We also cannot stand for regula-tions that place American companies at a disadvantage and place their work-ers at risk. The rule before us will undo the cost-ly and dangerous reporting require-ments placed on America’s energy companies operating abroad. When we repeal this unwise regulation on Amer-ican energy companies, they can again fully contribute to the world’s energy economy. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this rule and the underlying measures. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the rule governing debate on H.J. Res. 40, and the underlying legisla-tion, because in a nation that leads the civ-ilized world in deaths by gun violence, the last thing we should be doing is making it easier for persons suffering from a very severe, long- term, mental disorder that makes them incapa-ble of managing their financial benefits and unable to do any kind of work in the U.S. economy, even part-time or at very low wages to obtain deadly firearms. The Republicans have brought to the floor this week a Congressional Review Act (CRA) of Disapproval to overturn Social Security Ad-ministration (SSA) regulations to comply with existing federal law governing the submission of records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). H.J. Res. 40, would vacate an important rule issued by the Social Security Administra-tion implementing the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007. That law, which we adopted in the wake of the tragic mass shooting at Virginia Tech, re-quires federal agencies to report to the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check Sys-tem (NICS) records of individuals who are statutorily prohibited from purchasing or pos-sessing firearms. The statute was enacted with bipartisan support, and we should stand together to de-fend efforts to see that it is fully implemented. Let us be clear what a submission vote on this legislation is about: the Republican’s goal is to weaken our firearms background check system. The shootings at Virginia Tech in April 2007 presented the deadliest shooting rampage in U.S. history. On April 16 2007, the violence began around 7:15 a.m., ending in the deaths of 32 students and teachers after being gunned down on the campus of Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University by Seung Hui Cho, a student at the school, who later died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Only four months prior, on December 13, 2005, Cho had been ordered by a judge to seek outpatient care after making suicidal re-marks to his roommates and was subse-quently evaluated at Carilion-St. Alban’s men-tal health facility. On February 9, 2007, Cho picked up a Walther P–22 pistol that he purchased online, just days before, on February 2 from an out- of-state dealer at JND Pawn shop in Blacksburg, across the street from Virginia Tech. In March of 2007, Cho purchased a 9mm Glock pistol and 50 rounds of ammunition from Roanoke Firearms for 571 dollars. The attack, resulting from these preventable actions, left 30 people dead and another 17 wounded. In all, 27 students and five faculty members died as a result of the actions of a known mentally unstable individual who was nonethe-less allowed to purchase a firearm. On December 14, 2012, Lenny Pozner dropped off his three children, Sophia, Arielle, and Noah, at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. Noah had recently turned 6, and on the drive over they listened to his favorite song, for what turned out to be the last time. Half an hour later, while Sophia and Arielle hid nearby, Adam Lanza walked into Noah’s first-grade class with an AR–15 rifle. Noah was the youngest of the 20 children and seven adults killed in one of the deadliest shootings in American history. Depending on whom you ask, there were twenty-six, twenty-seven, or twenty-eight vic-tims in Newtown. It is twenty-six if you count only those who were murdered at Sandy Hook Elementary School; twenty-seven if you include Nancy Lanza—Adam’s own mother; twenty-eight once Adam turned the gun on himself. There are twenty-six stars on the local fire-house roof. On the anniversary of the shootings, the governor of Connecticut asked churches to ring their bells twenty-six times. Americans have spoken and they are out-raged by the countless, needless gun related deaths claiming the lives of their children. To ensure the continued safety of American families, the Gun Control Act of 1968 prohibits certain categories of individuals from pos-sessing firearms, including those who, using outdated terminology, are ‘‘adjudicated as a mental defective.’’ (This is referred to as the ‘‘federal mental health prohibitor.’’) The 1993 Brady Handgun Violence Preven-tion Act requires federally licensed firearms dealers to run background checks on prospec-tive gun purchasers through NICS. NICS includes records from various data-bases on individuals who are prohibited by law from purchasing and possessing firearms. In response to the mass shootings at Vir-ginia Tech, prior to which the shooter’s mental health prohibitor should have been, but was not, reported to NICS, Congress in 2007 unanimously approved legislation to adopt the NICS Improvement Amendments Act. As senior member of the House Committees on Judiciary and Homeland Security and Ranking Member of the Judiciary Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity and Investigations, I supported the 2016 Social Security Administration (SSA) rule, which committed the SSA to submit records to the gun background check system for social security recipients prohibited from possessing guns due to severe mental illness. It is a critical process for enforcing the law that bars prohibited people from passing back-ground checks and purchasing firearms. The only way we are going to prevent guns from getting into the hands of people who should not have them, people who pose a known and documented danger to themselves and others, is through a system based on ro-bust, accurate and complete information. Prior to the new SSA rulemaking, the agen-cy had no process for submitting records of prohibited people to the National Instant Crimi-nal Background Check System (NICS). NICS therefore, has been missing records for those prohibited individuals. NICS is only as good as the records it con-tains. With those records missing from the system, these individuals are able to pass a back-ground check and complete a purchase even though they are legally prohibited from pur-chasing guns under longstanding federal law. The SSA regulation closes this gap by com-mitting the agency to begin submitting prohib-iting records into the gun background check system. The rule does not impact any beneficiaries who are not already prohibited under law, and does not impact people based on disability findings that have been made prior to the rule taking effect. Americans have spoken and they are out-raged by the countless, needless gun related deaths claiming the lives of their children. Under the regulation, only individuals with the most severe mental impairments, who are (1) unable to earn any income due to their mental incapacity, and (2) have been found in-capable of managing their own benefits meet the NICS reporting system cautionary criteria to report the names of certain individuals who are prohibited by law from purchasing or pos-sessing firearms to the National Instant Crimi-nal Background Check System (NICS). SSA has evaluated legal, medical and lay evidence and determined that these individ-uals are not capable of managing their own benefits. SSA estimates that about 75,000 people per year will meet these criteria for reporting to NICS. Disability examiners make the determination based on medical and other evidence, but physicians or psychologists review the evi-dence and sign off on the cases. An individual who has a diagnosis of schizo-phrenia, suffers from hallucinations and delu-sions, and most days cannot care for herself— feeding, dressing, communicating with those around her. Her symptoms and medical history meet the criteria in the listing for schizophrenia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.027 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH838 February 1, 2017 
She receives disability benefits and has a representative payee. She would meet the criteria for reporting. An individual who has significant intellectual disability that prevents him from working at any level (i.e., he meets the listing for intellec-tual disability), and is unable to understand how to pay rent or use his benefits to buy food. He qualifies for disability benefits and has a representative payee. He would meet the criteria for reporting. Placing anyone into the NICS as a ‘‘prohib-ited person’’ is not something we should take lightly, but it is a task that must be done in limited circumstances and as required by stat-ute. The circumstances addressed by this rule require that we work together on this serious and unfortunate issue. The Congressional Review Act (CRA) reso-lution of Disapproval would, if passed by the House and Senate and signed by the Presi-dent, deem the rule to have not been in effect at any time and would also prohibit SSA from reissuing a rule that is substantially the same. The Republican’s use of the CRA process to overturn the rule is an extreme exercise in bad governance. Rather than fixing or improving the rule, it would ban reporting by the SSA entirely. There would be no opportunity to simply im-prove aspects of the rule, and we would pre-vent full implementation of the law we enacted after the Virginia Tech shooting. I cannot support that result and therefore oppose this resolution, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. Subverting long-standing gun safety laws under the guise of protecting Constitutional rights, while simultaneously pushing for repeal of health reform laws that provided care to these communities rings hollow. Now is not the time to weaken our back-ground checks system by excluding those with the most severe and incapacitating forms of mental impairment. The Social Security Administration should be commended for its efforts to keep children and families safe by following the lead of other agencies and enforcing laws that have been on the books for decades. I urge you to oppose this Republican scare tactic of a rule, and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 71 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 724) to provide that the Executive Order entitled ‘‘Protecting the Na-tion from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States’’ (January 27, 2017), shall have no force or effect, to prohibit the use of Fed-eral funds to enforce the Executive Order, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 724. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 231, nays 191, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 70] YEAS—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:15 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.011 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H839 February 1, 2017 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Blackburn Clark (MA) Kildee Mulvaney Price, Tom (GA) Russell Smith (TX) Taylor Walker Zinke b1346 Ms. BONAMICI and Mr. KENNEDY changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. BLUM changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 231, noes 191, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 71] AYES—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Clark (MA) Hartzler Kildee Mulvaney Price, Tom (GA) Russell Smith (TX) Taylor Walker Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1352 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.004 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH840 February 1, 2017 
DISAPPROVING A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 70, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 38) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 70, the joint resolution is considered read. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
H.J. R ES. 38 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-approves the rule submitted by the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforce-ment of the Department of the Interior re-lating to the ‘‘Stream Protection Rule’’ (published at 81 Fed. Reg. 93066 (December 20, 2016)), and such rule shall have no force or ef-fect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks on H.J. Res. 38. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 4 minutes. We are starting an historic week in the House, something that was rep-licated almost two decades ago, but we are doing it again and are using the Congressional Review Act to look at actual rules and regulations. What we are doing is the right thing. In 1996, when this act was first passed, President Clinton, after signing it, said that this act would give con-gressional accountability for regula-tions. Even Harry Reid said that this act would be reclaiming for Congress some of its policymaking authority, and S
ANDER LEVIN of Michigan, at the time, also said that now we are in a po-sition to do something ourselves. If a rule goes too far afield from the intent of Congress in its passing the statute in the first place, we can stop it. That is exactly what we are attempting to do, and this is one of the first of those activities we will be doing this week. The Congressional Review Act actu-ally has three purposes in mind. They said, if a rule has excessive costs, if a rule goes beyond the particular agen-cy’s statutory authority, and if a rule is duplicative or unnecessary, it should be reviewed by Congress and rescinded. That is exactly what we are going to do because this rule, commonly called the stream protection rule, does all three of those criteria. What I want to do is talk about this rule that was passed at the last minute by the former administration—it actu-ally went into effect on the very last day of the administration—and say that it violates all of those three ele-ments. The act itself—the rule itself— was done in secret. They had their own opaque study that they did without let-ting anyone know what the data was. We asked for it repeatedly, but the agency refused to tell us. Even in 2015, Congress passed a law in the Appro-priations Act that mandated they tell us the data, the information. They sim-ply ignored that law. They have re-fused to work with Congress in any particular way. b1400 Actually, it violates law. If this rule goes forward, it violates the NEPA law. If gone into implementation, it would violate the Endangered Species Act. It violates a memo of understanding the Federal Government had with 10 States at the time. In fact, there are 14 States suing over this rule and regula-tion. We have the letters of support from 14 State attorneys general in sup-port of what we are attempting to do here. If put into effect, it clearly violates the Clean Water Act by its effort to re-define hydraulic balance, which this agency does not have the authority to do. It is given to other elements. It also puts us at risk of litigation on a takings issue. There is precedent for that. It could happen again, all because of this ill-defined and unnecessary rule and regulation. If we roll it back, there is still pro-tection. There will always still be pro-tection. In a Department of the Inte-rior study, they clearly said that 93 percent of all the impact has already been taken care of and does not actu-ally exist. It would be easy for us to do and it would put us back to a rule es-tablished in 1983 that is effective in protecting these areas. Ninety three percent of all streams have no impact by this issue whatsoever. It also clearly says, under the report when this rule was being done, that the States that are legally supposed to be coordinated and be a part of the proc-ess were shut out of the process. It is one of the reasons why they are still suing, which means the memo of under-standing signed by those States was ig-nored by the agency in coming up with this rule. The States that regulate 97 percent of the Nation’s coal produc-tion, States and tribes that abate well over 90 percent of the abandoned mine problems—they have it in line, they have it ready, they are ready to move forward with it—they were simply shut out of the process. It is a poor process. There was a former icon of this body, a great Member who once allegedly said: If I let you make the policy and you let me make the procedure, I will screw you over every time. This is poor procedure that has pro-duced a poor rule, which will result in poor policy. At best, this rule is redun-dant. It is clearly unnecessary, and it does have the potential of hurting peo-ple nefariously when it does not need to. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong opposition to this res-olution, which would put coal company profits ahead of clean water and public health. The stream protection rule has been in development for 7 years and puts in place modest, commonsense protections for people who live near coal mines. This isn’t just a rule to protect streams. This is a rule to protect peo-ple’s health, to protect people’s homes, and to protect the clean water that they rely on. These folks felt strongly enough about this rule to submit pub-lic comments. The rule is designed to protect people like Donetta from West Virginia, who nearly lost her life when chemicals from coal fields found their way into her water supply and interacted with her medication in such a way that it nearly destroyed her liver. The rule is designed to protect people like John from Alabama, who reports lakes that have turned gray and streams that have turned orange. This rule is designed to protect peo-ple like David from Tennessee, who watched a creek near his grand-mother’s home become lifeless due to strip mining nearby. This rule is designed to protect peo-ple like Josh from North Carolina, who can no longer fish in the streams near a family home and wants coal compa-nies to be held accountable for the damage that they did. This rule is designed to protect peo-ple like Jonita from Kentucky, a coal miner’s daughter whose water supply is tainted with heavy metal and other toxins from coal sludge. She wrote: ‘‘Coal put the food on my table. It also put the poison in my water. Reasonable trade-off?’’ I don’t believe that Jonita or anyone else should have to make that trade- off. No one’s water supply should be sacrificed in the name of higher bo-nuses for coal company CEOs. Those coal executives have made it their overriding goal to kill this regulation; and after spending nearly $50 million on political campaign contributions over the past 6 years, they now have a Congress and a President to do it. So for the first time in 16 years and just the second time ever, Republicans are going back to Newt Gingrich’s playbook and trying to successfully use the Congressional Review Act simply because the coal industry feels like it shouldn’t be held accountable. But as we know, this is only the first of five regulations that we will be re-pealing just this week. Later today, they are going to get rid of the rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.033 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H841 February 1, 2017 
that requires increased transparency on the part of oil, gas, and the mining industry. Later this week, we will be fighting for the right of oil and gas companies to pollute the air with methane. This is the Republican agenda in the age of Trump; an attack on clean water, an attack on clean air, an at-tack on transparency, and an attack on human health. If you are a CEO or a wealthy Republican donor, this is great news; and you will love the next couple of years. But if you are an ordinary American that depends on their gov-ernment to hold companies account-able through tough but fair enforce-ment of regulations, you should be ex-tremely worried. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ) to explain this joint resolution. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, make no mistake about it, the stream protection rule is not about protecting streams. It was designed for one pur-pose—to regulate the coal mining in-dustry out of business. It is the center-piece of the Obama administration’s war on coal. The simple truth is revealed when you begin to follow the Office of Sur-face Mining’s 7-year approach to writ-ing this job-killing rule, a process which began only after the previous ad-ministration discarded the rule’s prede-cessor, a 2008 regulation that under-went 5 years of extensive environ-mental review and public comment. That was just the beginning. Since then, millions of taxpayer dollars have been needlessly spent developing this rule. Contractors were hired to help re-write the rule, but then subsequently fired when it was leaked that the ini-tial revisions of the rule would cost thousands of jobs, and that was within the first few months of this attempted rewrite. Unfortunately, estimated job losses have only skyrocketed since the final rule was released. What is troubling is that, throughout the rule’s rewrite, the administration refused to visit mines or to actually assess the impact of the rule on operating mines. There were attempts to cover up data that concealed the rule’s true economic impact. The Office of Surface Mining also repeatedly refused to provide Con-gress with important documents it used to develop the rule, while keeping State regulating agencies charged with implementing this onerous rule in the dark and at arm’s length throughout the entire rewrite. Now, after 7 years of this politically motivated rewrite, the previous admin-istration issued the final rule as they were leaving town, well after the American people—particularly those men and women in coal country—had sent a clear message to Washington. Politically motivated attacks on the livelihoods of those who keep the lights on will not stand. The issuance of this rule, after all these facts are considered, proves what I said earlier. This rule is about one thing: regulating the coal industry and putting thousands of hardworking Americans that depend on the coal in-dustry for their livelihoods in the un-employment line. No one cares more about our streams that run through coal country than those who live there, and no public offi-cials know better how to create a bal-ance between protecting both jobs and the environment than those serving in local and State governments that rep-resent coal-producing communities. It is certainly not the beltway bureau-crats in Washington. I look forward to what I hope to be and should be a bipartisan vote sup-porting today’s important resolution. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. LOWENTHAL ), the ranking member of the Committee on Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Energy and Minerals Resources. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose H.J. Res. 38. The science is clear: mountaintop re-moval mining is harmful to the health of people who live near these mines. Anyone with a computer can go to Google Earth and see the tremendous scars on the landscape from mining companies that blast the tops off mountains and then dump the waste into the valleys below. But largely in-visible to the naked eye is the suffering of people who live in the nearby com-munities because of these harmful practices. The stream protection rule will pro-tect hundreds of vulnerable families and children who live near these sites from lung cancer, heart disease, kidney disease, birth defects, hypertension, and other health problems. If the majority has a problem with this final rule, as they say they do, they should hold a hearing in the Nat-ural Resources Committee to discuss its merits. There we would have an op-portunity to talk to the administration and hear from those who are most af-fected by mountaintop removal min-ing. Instead, they have decided to bypass regular order, go straight to the Con-gressional Review Act, which will take a chainsaw to this commonsense pollu-tion rule. This is a reckless approach. I urge my colleagues to take time to listen to the voices of the American people. Please put the health and safe-ty of American families first and vote ‘‘no’’ on this reckless resolution. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ), someone who has forgotten more about coal than I will ever know. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this reso-lution. Like so many folks, I have been fighting this misguided rule for years. Miners have been fighting this rule for years. And States—bipartisan, Demo-crat and Republican—have been fight-ing this rule for years. Stopping this rule matters to West Virginians, to our miners, to our fami-lies, to our consumers. We produce 95 percent of our electricity from coal. It is reliable and it is affordable. Coal em-ploys 20,000 West Virginians, and tens of thousands more make their living related to coal. The loss of a coal job and the closing of a coal mine affects us all. Its sever-ance tax revenues help to fund our schools, pay for our police and fire de-partments, and put money in the cof-fers of our local governments. This rule would cost cities and coun-ties $6.4 billion in tax revenue over a year, with the decline in coal mining. That means even more cuts. When we lose coal jobs, we lose other jobs as well. When coal families lose a paycheck, they aren’t able to buy goods and services like they used to. That hurts small businesses, our shops, and our restaurants. It is estimated that this rule would kill 281,000 coal jobs and related jobs in other fields. My State can’t afford to lose any more jobs, and I know that goes for other coal States. However, despite these facts and the objections of more than a dozen States, the Office of Surface Mining adopted a go-it-alone approach. They ignored input that contradicts their agenda. They withheld information on the rule and restricted States from reviewing it. Well, that ends today. I thank Chairman BISHOP , I thank the House Natural Resources Com-mittee, and I thank the leadership of the House for their support on this res-olution. Thank you, Senator C
APITO  and Leader M
CCONNELL , for your lead-ership in the Senate. We also have the support of the White House on this res-olution. With a simple majority vote in the House and the Senate, we will end this rule and stop this job-killing, anticoal agenda. I urge support on this joint resolu-tion. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, it should be noted for the record that the Republican majority conducted a 4- year investigation into the develop-ment of this rule, holding 12 hearings, issuing two subpoenas, collecting 25 hours of audio recordings and 13,500 pages of documents, but were unable to uncover any political interference or misconduct in the development of this rule. I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentle-woman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AW-
RENCE ). b1415 Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 38. This rule is a much-needed update to existing mining regulations. It en-sures that communities that reside by mining operations monitor water pol-lution levels. I am standing here today to continue to speak up and fight for clean water in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.035 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH842 February 1, 2017 
America. I promised that I would stand up and make sure that never again in America another community would be poisoned by the water. I say to you, Mr. Speaker, that miners deserve clean water as well. This resolution monitors drinking water sources for pollution, such as lead and other toxic substances, and provides that information to the pub-lic. Have we learned something from Flint, Mr. Speaker? This rule will also help protect land and forests by ensuring that companies restore the land and water sources that were impacted by a precious occupa-tion in our country, and that is mining operations. Let’s defeat this resolution that pro-hibits commonsense rulemaking, pro-tects the environment, and protects the rights of Americans to have access to clean, safe drinking water, while also creating jobs. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I don’t want to quibble over details, but we actually held 13 hearings and passed four bills over the last three Con-gresses about this particular rule and found countless problems with it. That is why we are here today. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ), who knows the real impact on his con-stituents that this rule will have. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Congressional Coal Caucus, I rise today in strong support for this action. After 8 long, tortuous years, our coal communities have endured a withering attack from Washington bureaucrats focused on this agenda of anticoal. What has been the result? Across this country, in the coal fields of this country, 400 mines have closed down, 83,000 coal miners have lost their jobs, 246 power plants have closed down, and our electric utility bills have gone up 45 percent. Then, right before President Obama left town, his administration punc-tuated its war on coal with this dam-aging further rule. This rule is nothing more than an organic manifestation of a Washington bureaucracy drunk with power. If it is left unaddressed, this rule would shut down an additional number of coal mines, and 78,000 men and women would lose their jobs be-cause of this rule. For the last 2 years, our Coal Caucus, bipartisan members, have made stop-ping this rule our number one priority, because it has nothing to do with the health of America, the safety of Amer-ica, and the life of Americans. Simply put, it was President Obama’s attempt to drive a final nail into the coffin of an industry that made Amer-ica great. Look, enough is enough. This war on coal has to come to a stop, and I think this election set the tone for that. Now that we finally have a President who understands the painful impact of excessive and unnecessary regulations, we should pass this CRA as quickly as possible so he can sign it. It is time to give the families of the coal fields all across America a chance to get relief from the unelected bureau-crats in Washington. I thank the chairman for his work in getting this. I thank him for the co-sponsorship that we have had with Con-gressmen JOHNSON and J ENKINS to help us out on this, to get this before us. We have to do this for the people of West Virginia and around the country. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, if there is a war on coal, it is being led by the natural gas industry who produces a cheaper product at a lower cost. And if there is any trouble that coal is in, it is directly attributed to the free mar-ket and that competition. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this attempt to politi-cally override the Interior Depart-ment’s stream protection rule. Much like the destructive mountain-top removal practice that this rule is designed to prevent, this Republican assault on the environment and the health of coal mining communities is a crude and dirty process. Using the Congressional Review Act, a single hour in Congress is going to be enough to remove a rule that reflects 7 years of national public debate, includ-ing at least 30 stakeholder meetings, over 100,000 public comments. This blows up the regular legislative and regulatory process, ignores science, marginalizes public health, and puts communities at risk. Let me be clear: when the coal dust settles on this devastating resolution, it certainly won’t be Members of Con-gress who are left drinking polluted drinking water or battling lung cancer, heart disease, and birth defects. Much like the coal executives who profit from exhausting and polluting the natural resources of these commu-nities, the GOP will move on to the next target and look for the next way to let business off the hook, to let them externalize their costs to the en-vironment, to local communities, and, ultimately, to the U.S. taxpayers who have to clean up the mess. But communities in the Appalachian Mountains, vital salmon streams in Alaska, and much-needed water sup-plies across this country will be left dealing with the aftermath, while our Republican colleagues boast about hav-ing provided so-called regulatory relief. For all the talk about coal jobs from Republicans and our new President, you would think they would care just a little about protecting the health of these coal miners and their families and their communities. And yet, when given a chance to protect the water quality of 6,000 miles of streams in coal country, this House is choosing to side with the polluting industry instead. That is shameful, and we should op-pose this wrong-headed resolution. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ), who chaired most of our 13 hearings on this issue, and who represents a State that is suing because they were ignored in this rule, where they should have had their rights under the Clean Water Act, which is part of the problem we have here. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, on De-cember 20, 2016, the stream rule was fi-nalized in the last days of the Obama administration by the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, OSM. Ostensibly, the rule is about keeping American waterways clean. In reality, it is a power grab aimed at giv-ing Federal regulators more authority to make coal too expensive for anyone to mine or use. But no one should be surprised. In 2008, then candidate Barack Obama told the San Francisco Chronicle that while people would still be free to build a coal-powered electricity plant under his energy policies, it would bankrupt them because of the high costs his reg-ulations would impose. And that is ex-actly what President Obama has tried to do. Under the stream protection rule, Federal regulators will have expanded power to draw up new standards that make it harder to get a coal mining permit. OSM’s Federal water standards would suddenly take precedence over the State standards that have long governed the industry under the Clean Water Act. The Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice would also gain the power to veto coal permits. The aim is to take permitting power from States and impose a one-size-fits- all standard. When this process started, 10 States signed on to Interior’s rule-making process as State cooperating agencies. But 8 of the 10 later withdrew because Interior wasn’t interested in what they had to say. The subcommittee I chaired held 13 hearings to expose the flaws behind this rule. The rule provides no discernable environmental benefits, while duplicating extensive existing environmental protections at both the Federal and State levels. In fact, the rule’s only purpose ap-pears to be to support the environ-mental lobby’s ‘‘keep it in the ground’’ platform, locking away up to 64 per-cent of our domestic coal reserves, put-ting tens of thousands of Americans out of work, and raising energy costs for millions of Americans. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the joint resolution of dis-approval under the Congressional Re-view Act. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. B
ROWN ), a member of the Natural Resources Committee. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 38. Today, I speak against eliminating the Department of the Interior’s stream protection rule. The proposed rule is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.038 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H843 February 1, 2017 
about balancing the need to support our American coal industry with our responsibility to safeguard and protect our environment. What is most concerning and simply outrageous is that this bill proposes to not only overturn the stream protec-tion rule, but it would prohibit the In-terior Department from ever issuing a similar rule in the future, even as tech-nology advances and best practices to safeguard the environment improve. The rule, which was drafted over 7 years, after 30 public meetings and over 100,000 public comments, is the first major update to surface mining regula-tions in more than 30 years, but is being rolled back without even a single hearing in this Congress, which doesn’t follow regular order. Mr. Speaker, Maryland has a rich history of coal mining, a history that predates our Nation’s founding. Yet, for a decade, we have witnessed a slow decline in coal production and a shift toward cheaper and cleaner sources of energy. Nevertheless, the industry in Maryland continues to employ hun-dreds of people, produce nearly 2 mil-lion tons annually, and coal is the lead-ing export commodity leaving the port of Baltimore. I support the coal indus-try in Maryland. But in Maryland, where the streams from our mountain panhandle, coal country, flow into the Potomac and eventually the Chesapeake Bay, we have taken proactive steps to mitigate the environmental impact associated with mining, requiring companies to develop and follow reclamation plans, divert streams, treat acidic drainage with chemicals, and control erosion and runoff. However, our efforts and require-ments haven’t kept up with modern technology and innovative best prac-tices. And the proposed rule enables us to employ better technology to better achieve our environmental goals. The Department of the Interior esti-mates that compliance costs will amount to a de minimis percentage of coal industry revenues, there will be a minimal impact on mining jobs, and it will create good-paying, green jobs. We will protect 6,000 miles of streams, 52,000 acres of forest, and reduce 2.6 million more tons of carbon dioxide emissions. Mr. Speaker, representing families in the Chesapeake Bay watershed, I un-derstand firsthand that once the ecolo-gies of streams, rivers, and bays are de-graded, they cannot be easily re-claimed. Now is not the time to turn back or turn our back on technology that is available and that is offered up in this rule. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ), part of our com-mittee who has heard the 13 hearings, understands this issue, and was part of the House when we voted four different times to be opposed to this particular rule. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, there is no question that President Obama put his own environmental legacy ahead of the well-being of the American people. The Obama administration squandered tax-payer money for 8 years attempting to force the stream protection rule down our throats. The deception and lack of trans-parency utilized to implement this rule were unprecedented. Along with manip-ulating job loss numbers, the adminis-tration even changed the rule’s name, thinking the American people might forget about it. But the fact is, you can’t put lipstick on this pig. Whether you call it the stream buffer zone rule or the stream protection rule, the rule still stinks. The American people who want good- paying careers have missed out on hun-dreds of thousands of jobs around the country as a result of President Obama’s ideologically-driven war on coal. But today is a new dawn in Amer-ica, and this job-killing, midnight reg-ulation is now directly in the cross-hairs of the Trump administration and of this Congress. On behalf of all hardworking Ameri-cans, I urge my colleagues to vote to support this commonsense legislation. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. BEYER ), a member of the Natural Resources Committee. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, with re-spect, I quote Mr. M
CKINLEY : ‘‘We have to do this for the people of West Vir-ginia and around the country.’’ And I agree, and this is why we need the stream protection rule. It is a commonsense approach to minimizing the impacts to surface water and groundwater from coal min-ing. In Appalachia alone, mountaintop re-moval has been responsible for the de-struction of 2,000 miles of streams. Peer reviewed studies have linked mountaintop removal mining to can-cer, birth defects, and serious health problems for residents living near these mining sites. Just look at my Virginia map. The highest death rates in the State and the most chronic diseases are in the coal fields. b1430 I saw this firsthand while I was Lieu-tenant Governor of Virginia for 8 years, when mountaintop removal min-ing became the most prevalent coal mining technique in central Appa-lachia. That is why this is so important. Communities near coal mining sites have a right to know what is in their water because it impacts their liveli-hood and their lifespan. This rule includes commonsense monitoring of streams—many of which are important drinking water sources— for pollutants such as lead, selenium, and manganese. Basic monitoring for these toxins is essential, given their potential impacts on human health and the environment. The rule also requires that streams and lands disturbed by surface coal mining be restored. This would result in the protection or restoration of ap-proximately 6,000 miles of streams and 52,000 acres of forest over the next two decades. This is really important because we know the contamination of streams by coal mining pollution threatens every-thing from fishing and outdoor recre-ation to small businesses like res-taurants and farms that are relying on clean, safe water. This rule is an appro-priate balancing act between our en-ergy needs and our environmental pro-tections, and it is also appropriately flexible to coal mining companies. Most importantly, the Congressional Review Act doesn’t make sense here. If you want to trim a tree, you don’t chop it down and bury it under cement so it will never grow again. The Congres-sional Review Act is an extreme meas-ure that would permanently damage our surface mining laws. We have heard that it was a product of more than 7 years of work and the chairman talks about the 13 hearings, but not one has been held in the 18 months since the rule was proclaimed. The Congressional Review Act de-scribes the vast amount of work that the Office of Surface Mining did in order to create this rule. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WOODALL ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. GRIJALVA. I yield the gen-tleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, what is most dangerous is, because of the lack of clarity regarding the Congressional Review Act’s prohibition on similar rulemakings, the agency may never take future efforts to update and im-prove surface mining regulations. Even if you don’t like this surface protection rule, disallowing any future protec-tions for the water and health of com-munities living near coal mining oper-ations makes no sense at all. I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I now have the pleasure of recognizing people who are not on our committee but still know how silly this rule actu-ally is. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST.) Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, the Obama administration anticoal regulation was a solution in search of a problem. It wasn’t intended to protect the environ-ment. It was intended to put coal min-ers out of work. And, sadly, it has been successful in achieving that goal. A study of the rule estimates it would destroy more than one-third of our coal jobs, and that nearly half of all coal resources would effectively be off limits to mining. In addition, the OSM rule has ignored clear congres-sional directives to share information with the States. If ever there has been a time for Con-gress to act, this is it. I urge my col-leagues to support this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.039 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH844 February 1, 2017 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. M
CEACHIN ), the ranking member of the Natural Resources Committee, Sub-committee on Oversight and Investiga-tions. Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to this resolution to overrule the stream protection rule, just as I would oppose any measure that threatened the quality of our drinking water. Clean drinking water is a funda-mental health need, and meeting that need is one of our most basic respon-sibilities in this Congress. We must not put special interests ahead of the health of our constituents. The stream protection rule is very simple: It strengthens and clarifies existing water quality protections with respect to mining. It requires that affected streams be restored when mining is finished. It gives communities accurate infor-mation about water quality so they can best protect themselves from pol-lution. Mr. Speaker, these protections are not onerous, but their benefits are vast. We have seen in Flint, Michigan, and elsewhere the painful consequences when people lack access to safe drink-ing water. We must do more to prevent that kind of suffering and damage. Nixing this rule would, instead, mean that we are doing less. The stream protection rule is the product of a careful year’s-long proc-ess. Countless stakeholders partici-pated at two dozen public meetings, and regulators received tens of thou-sands of public comments. Mr. Speaker, this rule was crafted in the sunshine, but we are about to over-rule it in the dead of night. After all of that work, this resolution of dis-approval did not even receive a com-mittee hearing. Mr. Speaker, if this body is seriously going to weaken vital drinking water protections, the American people de-serve ample opportunities to inform themselves and to make their voices heard. This rushed-through proposal denies them that opportunity. I find this measure to be very dis-turbing, and I find the process con-cerning. I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle not to go down this path. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, nice to know that 2:30 in the afternoon is the dead of night. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, a little over a year ago, I took a mile-long, 30- minute ride with coal miners into a 3
1⁄2-foot-high coal mine in the moun-tains of Pennsylvania. I was reminded that day about the incredible work ethic of the folks in western Pennsyl-vania, the same work ethic that lit-erally built this country in the 19th and first half of the 20th centuries. The regulation we vote on today is one of the last rules that the Obama administration pushed out. This regu-lation has a single purpose: the demise of the coal industry and the thousands of middle class jobs that depend on it. This regulation is the culmination of former President Obama’s ideological war on American energy that provides minimal benefit but tremendous cost. I care about the miners and the workers I met with whose middle class jobs are at risk. I care about utility customers whose electric bills will go up because this regulation will take valuable American energy offline. I care about the communities that are hurt when these coal mines close. This country continues to make tre-mendous progress on cleaning up the environment, progress that will con-tinue without this job-killing regula-tion. If you care about the workers, if you care about these communities, you will vote ‘‘yes’’ on this CRA and block this job killer. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YAR-
MUTH ). Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this dangerous effort to block the stream protection rule, a commonsense proposal that has the po-tential to save lives and will improve the health, outcomes, and well-being of families over time throughout coal country. This bottle of—I guess you could call it a liquid—wasn’t taken from an in-dustrial waste site or from the runoff of a landfill. This came from the drink-ing well of the Urias family’s home in Pike County, Kentucky. Despite what it looks like, there is water in there along with chemicals, toxic minerals, and known carcinogens, all present in this family’s drinking water because of mountaintop removal. The mountaintop removal process be-gins with beautiful mountains that look just like this. These are Appa-lachian Mountains near the West Vir-ginia-Kentucky border. First, they raze an entire side of the mountain, tearing trees from the ground and burning down any plant growth. From there, they use explo-sives to blast the tops off the moun-tains and push rock and dirt out, ulti-mately filling the surrounding streams and waterways with debris, blast mate-rials, and other dangerous elements and minerals that end up in the drink-ing water of the Urias family and countless others throughout coal coun-try. This is what is left. As we have noted during our fight for funding to help the families of Flint, Michigan, dealing with water contami-nation, this should not happen here in America in the 21st century; yet fami-lies in coal country have been dealing with this for 40 years. So you can imag-ine how many people’s health has been jeopardized by this practice. The stream protection rule that the House is about to block would serve as one of the only safety measures that would protect these families from poi-sonous drinking water, higher rates of cancer, lung disease, respiratory ill-ness, cardiovascular disease, birth de-fects, and the countless negative health effects that plague this region. If my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to block the safeguards of the stream protection rule, they should at least consider supporting my legislation, the Appalachian Commu-nities Health Emergency Act, or ACHE Act. I introduced this bill earlier today with Representative SLAUGHTER to sus-pend new mountaintop removal per-mits until the Department of Health and Human Services can conduct a comprehensive Federal study of the health effects of this reckless mining method used in my State of Kentucky and throughout coal country. I believe mountaintop removal should be banned, but at a minimum, we should halt all new permits until the safety of the residents in the sur-rounding communities is assured. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to op-pose today’s effort to block this poten-tially lifesaving rule and support the ACHE Act. We have failed to protect the families in these communities, and passage of this bill will inflict another blow to their health and well-being. They de-serve far better. I will make a final offer to my col-leagues on the other side. If anybody wants to come and take a drink out of this, I will withdraw the ACHE Act and vote for their legislation. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
ENACCI ). Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, in the waning days of his Presidency, the Obama administration finalized the stream buffer rule, a final parting shot at the coal industry on his way out the door. Not once did the Office of Surface Mining visit and assess the economic impact of this rule on operating mines. In fact, in their analysis, they relied on ‘‘hypothetical mines.’’ These aren’t hypothetical mines and they aren’t hypothetical jobs that will be affected. In the real world, this rule could mean the end of coal production in Ohio and the end of thousands of good-paying jobs in countless commu-nities like the one I grew up in. Ohio will be directly impacted by this rule. Fifty-nine percent of our electricity comes from coal-fired power plants, and Ohio’s coal industry em-ploys thousands of hardworking Ameri-cans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote to stop this rule, to stop the war on coal, and to stop this rule which could cause hardworking Americans to lose their jobs. I urge my colleagues to support this joint resolution of dis-approval under the Congressional Re-view Act. Mr. GRIJALVA. I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.041 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H845 February 1, 2017 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ), an-other State that was promised, in the Clean Water Act, to have authority which was taken away by this simple rule. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, the United States is blessed with a wealth of domestic energy resources, allowing our Nation to responsibly develop safe, abundant, and affordable energy to meet our own needs. The Third District of Colorado has blue skies, clean water, while main-taining a healthy amount of respon-sible development of oil, natural gas, and coal production in its many com-munities. According to the Energy Information Agency, coal accounted for approxi-mately 60 percent of the electricity generated in Colorado in 2015; yet this vitally important resource that pro-vides affordable energy and jobs to many of our families’ homes has come under attack. Backed by radical inter-ests, the government has issued new rules and regulations under the guise of environmental protections, but whose true intent is to bankrupt the coal industry with regulatory compli-ance. The stream protection rule is a solu-tion in search of a problem. Modern mining operations are already adept at avoiding impacts to watersheds, as the Office of Surface Mining’s own num-bers show. The industry is also already subject to a wide array of environ-mental statutes and regulations en-forced by various Federal and State co-operating agencies. I urge the passage of this resolution and encourage my colleagues to sup-port it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to read a few lines from letters of opposition to this resolution. The first comes from a coalition of 75 national and local environmental groups who are strongly opposed to this bill. They write: ‘‘This long awaited rule provides local communities with infor-mation they desperately need about water pollution caused by nearby coal mining operations, and includes several important protections for clean water and the health of communities sur-rounding coal mining operations. Any attack on the safeguards in the Stream Protection Rule is an attack on clean water and should be opposed.’’ Wildlife and sportsman groups are also opposed. The National Wildlife Federation writes: ‘‘The Stream Protection Rule is an important water quality rule for our nation. It seeks to empower State reg-ulatory authorities to ensure coal min-ing and reclamation best practices, taking into account their unique re-gional distinctions and impacts to local communities and wildlife. ‘‘. . . any efforts to undermine the safeguards afforded by the finalized Stream Protection Rule, a rule with years of stakeholder outreach and en-gagement, would be an attack on clean water and should be opposed.’’ Travel Unlimited says: ‘‘The rule is a worthy, sensible effort to reduce the huge impacts of mountaintop removal coal mining . . . on our Appalachian streams and rivers.’’ And it goes on and on. They all go on to point out the specific impact of mountaintop removal mining on fish-ing and wildlife and sportsmen. ‘‘Mountaintop removal mining prac-tices create a survival risk for brook trout and other wild trout populations, and impede efforts to restore brook trout in already degraded watersheds.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ), a new Member of Congress, who realizes that this rule is long on regulations and short on real new protections for people. b1445 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in favor of repealing the stream protection rule. I represent a coal-producing district whose economy has been devastated by the former President’s and his rene-gade of unelected bureaucrats’ war on coal. Last year, a Presidential candidate boasted among a liberal political crowd that she would put a bunch of coal miners out of work. She went on to say that the government would then essen-tially come in and put those hard-working, out-of-work coal miners on welfare. Well, Mr. Speaker, my coal miners don’t want to be on government wel-fare. They want the government to get out of their way and let them work. Because of senseless, onerous regula-tions like the stream protection rule, the liberals in Washington have suc-ceeded in putting most coal miners out of work. I believe that with the passage of H.J. Res. 38 and a sensible energy policy created and implemented by businesspeople instead of bureaucrats, we can begin to bring coal jobs back to Kentucky and help provide the strug-gling economies in Kentucky’s coal counties. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ), one of the other members of our committee who has served for a long time and has heard many of these arguments before. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the measure for congressional disapproval of the De-partment of the Interior’s stream pro-tection rule, which was created under the guise of protecting the environ-ment but, instead, has been very harm-ful to American jobs. They have attempted to cripple an industry—energy—that has provided vast amounts of energy to States across this country for decades. My home State of California has had a long history of mining that has led to in-credible economic growth and job op-portunities for many of my local com-munities. This one-size-fits-all approach fails to provide any regulatory certainty to industry and denies important tax rev-enue from energy extraction to the American taxpayer. I appreciate my colleagues bringing this to the floor, and I hope we can sort through the rhetoric on this against energy jobs of a very important seg-ment across the country that supplies so much of our energy currently, and can do it with safety and a mind for re-developing our economy. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, the opposition to this particular bill goes from coast to coast. We just heard from California. Now we will go back to the East Coast. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today in support of the livelihood of an entire region of our country and indus-try that was unfairly targeted by the Obama administration in pursuit of an ideological agenda to do away with our Nation’s abundant coal resources. The previous administration targeted the coal industry and, by extension, the hardworking Americans employed by the industry under the guise of pro-tecting the environment. We all want clear air and water for our Nation’s prosperity, but this rule is so strict, it makes it impossible for companies to continue to operate. It results in lay-offs, closed businesses, and ultimately an entire region unemployed. Our Nation is blessed with an abun-dance of natural resources and we should utilize them all: oil, hydro-power, wind, solar, and yes, clean coal, too. We must be prudent about how we regulate our energy industries because when one sector is pushed out, it is the moms and dads at the end of the month paying their electric bill that feel the impact the most. All Americans will be affected, but it will be felt more by the ones who can least afford it. That is why I am opposed to the rule, and I urge my colleagues to support the CRA. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The use of the Congressional Review Act has been categorized as reckless and extreme. The CRA was going to cause significant and lasting harm. If successful, two things are going to happen: the regulation is void and the agency is prohibited from issuing an-other similar rule ever again. I mention that because this is about health. It is about the health of the people living around those mining op-erations and it is about mountaintop removal and the documented analysis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.043 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH846 February 1, 2017 
that proves that it is a danger to health. It contaminates water and it is destructive to the environment. It is curious that we had 13 hear-ings—I stand corrected—and an inves-tigation that went on in perpetuity, it seemed like. Yet, once the rule was fi-nalized and published in 2015, we never had another hearing on the item again, which begs the question: If the whole point was to delay and prevent this rule from ever taking effect and, more importantly, make it susceptible to the Congressional Review Act, mission ac-complished for the majority. But the long-term consequences of using the CRA on a rule that is de-signed to protect people’s health, on a rule that is designed to make coal com-panies be transparent and disclose to the public, on a rule that every sci-entific analysis and the science is clear that this rule was indeed there to pro-tect both people and communities, I think that is the permanent harm being done by this action today—deny-ing the people in those communities to return to past practices that created the problem that we are dealing with and that this rule attempted to address that created that problem. Now we return to those times where unregulated mountaintop removal causes the destruction to both human beings and the environment that we see as a legacy. I think it is not only disrespectful to the people of those re-gions, but it, again, puts their health and the well-being of both the environ-ment and humanity in that area at major risk. It is not only reckless and extreme to use the CRA, it is also dan-gerous. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), who clearly un-derstands the situation that this rule has presented. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to speak in favor of this Congressional Review Act resolu-tion on behalf of the thousands of fel-low Kentuckians who have lost their jobs in the coal industry. In eastern Kentucky, not far from where I live, it is not just a recession that they are experiencing. What is happening in eastern Kentucky is a lit-tle depression over the last several years. The stream protection rule would be the final death knell of a proud industry that has literally pow-ered America for over a century. When I talk to the men and women of eastern Kentucky about the prospects of losing even more jobs in an economi-cally depressed place, it is just abso-lutely devastating. So I applaud the work of the committee and I applaud the work of this House to take this matter seriously to end this regulation that would put even more of my fellow Kentuckians in economic distress. Instead of looking at environmental questions as a matter of the need to have more government central plan-ning, let’s solve environmental prob-lems in a different way, through inno-vation and technology. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this reso-lution providing for a congressional disapproval of the stream buffer rule. In my home State of Illinois, coal production employs roughly 5,000 work-ers and the industry contributes $2 bil-lion a year to our State’s economy. In southern Illinois, these are some of the region’s best-paying jobs. Unfortunately, this rule was one of the final shots the Obama administra-tion fired in their war on coal. Unless reversed, this rule is directly going to hurt our Illinois coal miners and those working at coal power plants and, in the end, consumers—those who pay the utility bills in this country. The last administration refused to work in good faith with the States when finalizing the rule, even after Congress told them to do so in the 2015 omnibus bill. I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the Illinois Department of Natural Re-sources in opposition to the rule. 
ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF  N
ATURAL RESOURCES , Springfield, IL, January 30, 2017. Re The Stream Protection Rule and The Congressional Review Act. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN AND MAJORITY LEAD-
ERMCCONNELL : As the regulatory authority for administering the federal Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act (‘‘SMCRA’’) in the State of Illinois, the Department of Nat-ural Resources (‘‘Department’’) appeals Con-gress to use its power under the Congres-sional Review Act to disapprove the ‘‘Stream Protection Rule’’ (‘‘Rule’’), issued by the Of-fice of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement (‘‘OSM’’) at 81 Fed. Reg. 93066 (Dec. 20, 2016). The Rule’s ‘‘one size fits all’’ approach to regulatory performance standards fails to in-corporate important regional differences, such as local geology, hydrologic regime, and climate, as required under SMCRA. For example, stream loss has rarely been a prob-lem in the State of Illinois given the re-gional hydrogeology of the Illinois Basin. To universally require long term upstream and downstream monitoring would place an undue burden on the State to continually re-view such data. The rule gives no discretion to state regulatory authorities. Despite the claims of OSM in its Regu-latory Impact Analysis, the Rule would place significant burdens and additional costs on state regulatory programs. Compliance with the rule would require the Department to re-vise and restructure its entire coal mining program and add $600,000 to $800,000 per year in staffing and equipment costs. OSM’s failure to properly consult with the State of Illinois and the other states has re-sulted in a burdensome and unlawful Rule that usurps states’ authority as primary reg-ulators of coal mining as intended by Con-gress under SMCRA, and demands congres-sional action. The Congressional Review Act provides Congress the authority to take action to avoid the harm imposed by the Rule. Accord-ingly, we respectfully request that you and your colleagues in the Congress pass a joint resolution disapproving the Final Stream Protection Rule under the procedures of the Congressional Review Act, S U.S.C. 801 et seq., so that it shall have no continuing force or effect. Thank you for your careful consideration of this request. Sincerely, WAYNE A. R OSENTHAL , Director, Department of Natural Resources. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. In this letter, IDNR notes that the Office of Surface Mining failed to properly consult with the State of Illinois and the other States, resulting in a burden-some and unlawful rule that usurps States’ authority as primary regu-lators of coal mining as intended by Congress and demands congressional action. Mr. Speaker, rules like this are what the CRA is all about. I ask for your support. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. The stream protection rule has got to be the poster child for the Congres-sional Review Act’s action. There are 400 changes to the bill. There are 400 changes in over 1,600 pages of regula-tions, and there is no new, real protec-tion above and beyond what we were using since the Reagan administration. But it does outline benefits and po-tential problems for 70,000 people di-rectly with their jobs, for 300,000 people whose jobs are threatened in a ripple effect, and, unfortunately, for everyone else. Every time you turn a light on, your costs will be exacerbated because of this particular rule. This rule affects the most vulnerable of our population and it hurts them. It is time for us to realize that it is time to stop making rules and regulations for an ideological approach, and, in-stead, new rules and regulations that help people, not hurt people, as this particular one does. That is why this House, on four dif-ferent occasions over the last three congresses, has voted against this par-ticular proposal. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, our opposition to this action being proposed by the Repub-licans to eliminate the stream protec-tion rule is, indeed, an action that goes against fundamental science, goes against the public health of the Amer-ican people in those communities, and, overall, takes the Congressional Re-view Act and uses it as a bludgeon to keep generations and generations in those areas at risk in their health, their water, and the general environ-ment in the area. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.044 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H847 February 1, 2017 
The issue of cost is an issue that comes up. The loss of jobs has been the creation of competition, not because of any proposed rule. Second of all, when we were dealing with the horrors of black lung, we were dealing with issues of mine safety for coal miners and the struggles that their unions had to go through to get mine safety and healthcare protection for their workers. At the time, I am sure, those were considered cost factors and why not do it. The cost factor here is about human life and it is about protection of water. I would suggest that that should be the priority of this Congress and not emboldening or enriching the mine op-erators and their profit line. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. D
EFAZIO), my friend. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I have been involved for 28 years on the Nat-ural Resources Committee on these issues. What we are talking about today is simple here. Yes, it is cheaper. If you blow the top off a mountain and you dump it in the valley and you bury a stream, it is cheaper. Okay. Is that what we are all about here? The most destructive, least environ-mentally responsible, but cheapest way of doing things? If we are going to set the precedent here, I can think of a whole lot of other areas that relate to clean water, clean air, and things that are important to the American people and the sustain-ability of our environment that will go away because it would be cheaper. If we can just dump the waste out the back door of the factory, that is cheaper. b1500 If we can just put whatever we want up the stack and people wear gas masks, that is cheaper. That is the major argument we are hearing today. This rule, a 100-foot buffer—a 100-foot buffer—for toxic materials around streams is too expensive. It is cheaper to blow the top off the mountain, get the coal out, and take all the overbur-den and other assorted stuff and dump it in the valley and bury the stream. The only problem is then it rains. What happens when it rains? Well, you can either cap that whole thing and make it impermeable and then have big runoff downstream or, as it gen-erally happens, the water percolates down through all the waste and be-comes a toxic flow. Now, you say, well, these are only seasonal streams. Well, seasonal streams run into other streams. What happens when you get those toxic flows is you kill the other streams. I am see-ing this actually in my district, not from a coal mine, but from a foreign corporation which improperly mined and went bankrupt and left us with the waste. I have seen the miles of stream that are killed from the toxics that are leaching out from the overburden from the mining that is done. This is an ab-surd place to say we are overregulated. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS). Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, in his last month in office, President Obama fired one last shot in his war on coal. By fi-nalizing the so-called stream protec-tion rule, the Obama administration made it more difficult for an already distressed industry to provide a reli-able and affordable energy source for our economy. In reality, the only thing President Obama tried to protect was the jobs of bureaucrats at the expense of hard-working Americans. This rule adds no new environmental protections. It only duplicates what Federal and State reg-ulators are already doing to protect the environment. Additionally, this rule could close off as much as half of the U.S. coal re-serves for mining. The bureaucrats writing this rule did not truly under-stand the impact of this because, in the 7 years they took to write it, no one bothered to visit an actual mine. We cannot allow out-of-control bu-reaucrats to regulate an industry that employs thousands of Americans out of existence simply to save the radical liberal agenda. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this resolution of disapproval of yet another regulatory overreach by the Obama administra-tion. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I think the arguments have been made. The precedent being set tonight by this House is a dan-gerous and extreme precedent that we will all come to regret. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ), the former chairman of the Committee on Appro-priations. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I thank the chairman for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, President Obama made it his mission to bankrupt the coal in-dustry when he took office, and through a slew of job-killing regula-tions, he has nearly made good on that promise. His administration spent 7 years and over $10 million in taxpayer dollars writing the stream protection rule. Even though the bipartisan 2016 omnibus appropriations bill directed the Interior Department to engage with the States before finalizing this rule, the agency refused to comply, leaving crucial voices out of the rule-making process. Under this midnight regulation, at least half of the Nation’s coal reserves would be restricted from mining, and one-third of current coal-related jobs would be at risk. This would mean more devastating job losses in coal communities across the country, espe-cially in Kentucky, where we have al-ready got nearly 13,000 miners out of work. It is time to end the madness and give our communities in the coal areas a chance to rebuild. I urge support of this resolution. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers. I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, we have heard a lot of false science today, which is appro-priate since the agency that concocted this rule refused to allow any of the data they used to make the rule to be made public. We asked for it. We asked for it in legislation. They simply re-fused to comply. Ninety-three percent of the sites are not having any impact on the streams, and the other seven percent we already had rules that cov-ered them that did this protection. There is no real new protection in this particular act. The States, which regulate 97 percent of the coal mines in the United States, were shut out of the process, which is why they are suing over it. This rule undercuts the State primacy that was provided in the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act. What we are doing here today with this effort is to reestablish the article I authority that we have in the Con-stitution by saying we are responsible for the policy, not some agency of the executive branch. Adopting this resolution protects the rights of States tasked with regulating the coal industry in their borders, and it also actually helps people. People are going to be harmed if this act is not repealed and actually goes into ef-fect, and the most vulnerable of our populations are the ones who will suf-fer the most because of it. Because of that reason, it is right for Congress to do our responsibility here and now and repeal this bad act that was done in secret that was not al-lowed to have the openness that we have requested in the past and that is simply redundant at best, totally un-necessary, and does the harm that it does to real people: 70,000 direct jobs, over 300,000 indirect jobs, as well as a higher cost to everyone who uses en-ergy in this Nation. I ask my colleagues to support the resolution of disapproval and vote for its final passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 38, the resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule. I would like to express both my support of the Stream Protection Rule as well as my deep concern over the use of the Congres-sional Review Act to derail smart regulations that protect our citizens’ health while simulta-neously creating a precedent of recklessly ob-structing federal rulemaking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.046 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH848 February 1, 2017 
The Stream Protection Rule is an effective and sensible regulation that has undergone years of development in order to compel big polluters and industry actors to responsibly dispose of dangerous waste so that our water supply and ecosystems remain free of toxic pollutants. The attempt to dismantle this rule will cause irreparable harm to clean drinking water sources for millions of Americans. The Stream Protection Rule provides Americans with an environmental monitoring system that assures the cleanliness of the water. The residents of the 4th District of Georgia, like many of the constituents of my col-leagues, live alongside and depend upon riv-ers to be protected from harmful pollutants and toxic chemicals that are the product of mining and industrial run-off. Run-off from min-ing and industry sources contaminate stream water with various lethal toxins, including lead and arsenic. These pollutants not only impact the lives of people living in close proximity to the run-off sources of heavy pollutants, but all people who live downstream. The water protected by this rule is the same water consumed by our families, including chil-dren and the elderly. Those exposed to car-cinogens in their water can suffer from birth defects, cancer, and even death. Clean and safe water is in the interest of all Americans, regardless of their income level or political party. It matters not whether a state is red or blue, access to clean water will always be necessary, and it should be mandatory. Clean water is a human right and this rule en-sures our country can provide clean drinking water to its citizens. I ask my colleagues this question: if the Stream Protection Rule is overturned are you prepared to tell your constituents and their families that their water will be less safe to drink or use? I am not alone in my stance. More than 70 groups representing the interests of a wide- swath of American citizens have expressed their strong disapproval with this resolution. Two of these groups, the Savannah Riverkeeper and Altamaha Riverkeeper orga-nizations, represent the environmental con-cerns of my home, the great state of Georgia. These groups along with dozens of others have expressed to our country’s elected offi-cials that a resolution of disapproval for the Steam Protection Rule would significantly jeopardize the well-being of millions of Ameri-cans. By subjecting the Stream Protection Rule to the Congressional Review Act, we set a dan-gerous precedent in delegitimizing federal rulemaking procedure, while we elevate the in-terests of corporations over the health and safety of our citizens. The health of our na-tion’s children must supersede the maximiza-tion of profits. For the sake of the millions of Americans who rely on the safety regulations established by this rule, I strongly urge my colleagues to vote NO on the resolution. The citizens of our nation will thank you for putting their health first. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ). All time for debate has ex-pired. Pursuant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the joint resolu-tion. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the joint resolu-tion. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 71, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 41) pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 71, the joint resolution is considered read. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
H.J. R ES. 41 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-approves the rule submitted by the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Ex-traction Issuers’’ (published at 81 Fed. Reg. 49359 (July 27, 2016)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The joint resolution shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and submit extraneous mate-rials on the joint resolution under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.J. Res. 41, introduced by the gentleman from Michigan, (Mr. HUIZENGA ), the chairman of the Sub-committee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises of the Committee on Financial Services. This resolution disapproves a burden-some and controversial Securities and Exchange Commission rule that places an unfair burden on American public companies that is not applied to many of their foreign competitors. Virtually every day we hear from many Americans about how this econ-omy is just not working for them. It is just not working for working Ameri-cans like Keith from Dallas in my dis-trict who wrote me: ‘‘I am 53. I have a grown son who lives with me. It seems like the cost of everything keeps going up, yet wages do not keep pace.’’ The economic opportunities of Keith and millions of Americans like him are not helped by top-down, politically driven regulations that give many for-eign companies an advantage over American public companies. That is exactly what this Securities and Exchange Commission regulation that we are talking about today does. It forces American public companies to disclose inexpensive proprietary infor-mation that can actually be obtained by their foreign competitors, including state-owned companies in China and Russia. This is just one regulation out of thousands and thousands that are burdening our companies, our job cre-ators, and are costing our households, by one estimate, over $14,000 a year, Mr. Speaker. Even though this is a Securities and Exchange rule, section 1504 of Dodd- Frank has nothing to do with investor protection nor anything else we were told the Dodd-Frank Act was supposed to do. As the acting chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission has said, this rule ‘‘neither reforms Wall Street nor provides consumer pro-tection and it is wholly unrelated, and largely contrary, to the Commission’s core mission.’’ In addition, Mr. Speaker, the SEC es-timates that ongoing compliance costs for this rule could reach as high as $591 million per year. It is just an outrage, Mr. Speaker. That is $591 million every year that could better be used to hire thousands more Americans in an indus-try where the average pay is 50 percent higher than the U.S. average. Literally we could be talking about 10,000 jobs on the line for this ill-advised rule. This is significant, given that millions of Americans, like Keith from my dis-trict, have not seen their wages in-crease while our economy has been sty-mied under the Obama administration. Now, for those who claim that some-how by rolling back this rule, that this undermines anticorruption efforts, let me remind everyone that Mr. H
UIZENGA ’s resolution, that the For-eign Corrupt Practices Act, which the SEC and the Department of Justice ad-minister, already makes it illegal to pay former government officials when it comes to winning or maintaining business opportunities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:49 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.012 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H849 February 1, 2017 
To further prove the point, Mr. Speaker, just this year the SEC has brought enforcement actions or settled four separate cases for violations of this anticorruption law. So even with-out this SEC rule, fraud will still be fraud, corruption will still be corrup-tion, and both will still be illegal. The SEC and the Department of Justice will still have the authority to vigor-ously pursue those who break the law and hold them accountable, as they well should. So no one, Mr. Speaker, should fall for this false argument of our opponents. Let’s also remember that this joint resolution does not repeal section 1504 of Dodd-Frank. I wish it did, but it doesn’t. Rather, it vacates a flawed SEC rule that mimics a previous rule that was already struck down by a U.S. District Court. It is a rule that by the SEC’s own estimates has taken 51 em-ployees over 20,000 hours to promul-gate, defend, and repromulgate. Fifty- one employees, 20,000 hours that could have been directed at rooting out Ponzi schemes, that could have been used to promote capital formation or make our capital markets more efficient. b1515 Furthermore, this rule still goes far beyond the statute passed by Congress and mandates public specialized disclo-sures that cost more and more, and is more burdensome than the law re-quires. So, Mr. Speaker, for those who reli-giously defend the Dodd-Frank law, they should be in vigorous support of what Mr. H
UIZENGA brings to the floor today because the rule flies in the face of the Dodd-Frank Act. So when an agency exceeds its statutory authority, it is no longer regulating, Mr. Speaker, it is legislating. And all of us, Repub-licans and Democrats alike, should be able to agree that when the executive branch acts in such a manner, Congress has a duty, a duty under article I of the Constitution, to check this executive overreach. As such, this House should whole-heartedly support Mr. H
UIZENGA ’s reso-lution. It simply tells the SEC to go back to the drawing board, comply with the Dodd-Frank Act, and come up with a better role that will not put American public companies at an un-fair disadvantage and cost us jobs. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.J. Res. 41 would roll back the SEC’s rule that implemented an impor-tant congressional mandate in Dodd- Frank requiring oil, gas, and mining companies to publicly disclose pay-ments made to foreign governments for access to their natural resources. That rule helps fight corruption in the extractive industries sector, pro-vides investors with crucial informa-tion on their investments, and enables citizens to demand greater account-ability from their governments for spending that serves the public inter-est. It also helps to diminish the polit-ical instability in resource-rich coun-tries, which is not only a threat to in-vestment but also to our own national security. Specifically, the disclosure rule en-ables shareholders to make better in-formed assessments of opportunity costs, threats to corporate reputation, and the long-term prospects of the companies in which they invest. In addition, opening the extractive industries to greater public scrutiny is key to increasing civil society partici-pation in resource-rich countries, which are often underdeveloped coun-tries that are politically unstable, rife with corruption, with a history of civil conflict fueled, in part, by natural re-sources. Moreover, the SEC’s rule is a reason-able disclosure and places no limits or restrictions on who companies can pay money to, how much, or what for. After 5 years of robust debate and input, the final rule accommodated a number of industry concerns, providing compa-nies with a generous 4-year phase-in period and a case-by-case exemption process for companies that face imple-mentation challenges. The SEC also al-lowed companies to comply with the disclosure by using a report prepared for other substantially similar disclo-sure regimes, which include regimes in the European Union and Canada. Nevertheless, Republicans continue to claim that the SEC’s rule is harmful and puts American companies at a competitive disadvantage to their for-eign competitors. Well, Mr. Speaker, they are entitled to their own set of opinions, but they are not entitled to their own set of facts. I suppose these are alternative facts. The truth is that U.S. companies are not the only ones required to make these disclosures. Many foreign compa-nies must report under the U.S. rules, including a number of state-owned oil companies, such as China’s PetroChina and Sinopec, and Brazil’s Petrobras. Also, after the SEC issued its initial rule in 2012, the rest of the world fol-lowed our lead, establishing a global standard for the public disclosure of ex-tractive payments companies make to governments. A wave of transparency laws have been adopted in foreign markets that mirror the U.S. law. This includes leg-islation in the European Union, Nor-way, and Canada, which are all now in force. These laws cover the vast major-ity of oil, gas, and mining companies that compete with U.S. firms. Now, leading global oil companies like BP, Shell, and Total, as well as Russia’s state-owned companies— Gazprom, Rosneft, and Lukoil—are en-tering their second year of reporting under EU rules without any negative impact. So contrary to Republican claims, U.S. and foreign companies already compete on a more level playing field here and abroad. Therefore, rolling back the SEC’s disclosure rule would directly undermine the interests of ex-tractive companies in having a level playing field. Worse, once the rule is nullified by this resolution, the SEC would not be able to put another rule in place that is substantially similar. This would cre-ate different reporting regimes directly contravening what companies have re-quested from the SEC. And, the SEC final rule accommodated industry con-cerns by including a generous phase-in period. U.S.-listed companies are not required to report until 2019. The rule also provides for case-by-case exemp-tions if covered companies face any im-plementation issues. Therefore, the rule does not put U.S. companies at a competitive disadvan-tage, nor does it impose an unreason-able compliance burden. I would also point out to my Repub-lican colleagues the importance of the SEC’s disclosure rule in protecting U.S. national security and energy security interests. Specifically, it helps protect U.S. na-tional security interests by helping prevent the corruption, secrecy, and government abuse that has catalyzed conflict, instability, and violent ex-tremist movements in Africa, the Mid-dle East, and beyond. As ISIS demonstrated, nonstate ac-tors can benefit from trading natural resources in order to finance their op-erations. Project-level disclosures in the rule will make hiding imports from nonstate actors more difficult, thereby limiting their ability to finance them-selves with natural resource revenues. Corruption and mismanagement of oil revenues destabilizes regions and leads to conflict. And, resource-rich countries like Venezuela, Iraq, and An-gola are considered to be among the top ten countries perceived to be the most corrupt according to Trans-parency International. In addition, transparency of Russian companies and its extractive industry is critical. The SEC’s rule would create transparency of Exxon and other com-pany payments to the Russian Govern-ment. Gazprom, Rosneft, and Lukoil are already disclosing under the U.K. rules, and BP has already reported pay-ments to the Russian Government. The SEC’s disclosure rule will make a cru-cial contribution as Russian citizens seek to follow the money received by their government. A vote to roll back the SEC’s re-source extraction disclosures would be a vote to abandon U.S. leadership in the fight against global corruption. I strongly urge my colleagues to op-pose H.J. Res. 41. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), the chair-man of our Capital Markets Sub-committee and the author of H.J. Res. 41. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act was like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.049 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH850 February 1, 2017 
many other provisions that were ulti-mately included in the sprawling law. They had absolutely no relationship to the underlying cause of the financial and housing crisis. However, some have used the finan-cial crisis to hijack Federal securities law in order to push a socially moti-vated agenda. Specifically, section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act requires compa-nies registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission to annually re-port payments such as taxes, royalties, fees, production entitlements, and those types of things made to a foreign or the U.S. Federal government relat-ing to the commercial development of minerals, oils, and natural gas. Companies subject to section 1504 must report the type and total amounts of these payments made for each project, as well as the type and total amounts of payments made to each government. These payments cover, as I said, taxes and other things that are really business expenses. While this may be a laudable goal, using Federal securities law and the SEC to enforce social issues is incon-sistent with the SEC’s core mission and completely inappropriate. Just to remind everyone, the SEC’s mission by law is to: One, protect investors; two, maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets; and three, facilitate capital formation. I would liken what they are doing by having the SEC put this rule in place sort of like requiring your po-lice department to be in charge of road repair, too. It is just not their exper-tise. The SEC recognized this fact and stated that section 1504 ‘‘appears de-signed primarily to advance U.S. for-eign policy objectives,’’ not investor protection or capital formation. Not-withstanding the merits of the under-lying policy goals, conducting Amer-ican foreign policy is not what Con-gress created the SEC to do. In fact, just moments ago, the U.S. Senate con-firmed Rex Tillerson as the Secretary of State, and I would suggest that we let him direct our foreign policy. With all due respect to the commissioners and the SEC staff, none of them are really foreign policy experts. As we debate this resolution, let’s be clear on what this isn’t about. Some have tried to argue that a vote to va-cate this provision is a vote for corrup-tion somehow. This couldn’t be further from the truth. Now, I understand and sympathize with the sense and the feel-ing of this that this rule makes sup-porters feel better about themselves, but it does not solve the real world issues. This foreign rule that has been brought up is really like comparing ap-ples and oranges with the foreign rules versus this particular rule. And if we allow them to rewrite this particular rule, we might actually mirror what the EU and what other foreign govern-ments are doing. Despite the claims to the contrary, H.J. Res. 41 does nothing to undermine the ability of the SEC and the Justice Department to police against foreign corruption. In fact, both of these agen-cies still have, at their disposal, Fed-eral laws, including the Foreign Cor-rupt Practices Act, which prohibits bribing foreign officials. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gen-tleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. HUIZENGA. And even without this SEC extraction rule in effect, fraud will still be fraud and corruption will still be corruption. Both will still be illegal activities that should be pun-ished to the fullest extent of the law. Voting for this resolution is a vote to right the ship. This is a vote to reset the regulatory process. Congress needs to send this flawed regulation back to the SEC drawing board and instruct the SEC to get the provision right by promulgating an appropriate rule under section 1504. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets on the Financial Services Committee. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me, and for her leadership in so many areas, in-cluding her leadership on this joint res-olution. I rise today in strong opposition to the resolution, which would repeal an SEC anticorruption rule. I fail to un-derstand why anyone in this body would want to repeal something that helps us fight corruption. The SEC rule would require compa-nies registered in the United States to disclose the payments that they make to foreign governments for the develop-ment of oil, natural gas, or other min-erals. Unfortunately, there is a long and very sad history of corruption where Big Oil or mining companies strike deals with foreign governments to ex-tract their natural resources. Too often, the money from the oil or min-ing company ended up going to pay bribes to corrupt politicians and not to benefit the ordinary citizens of the country. The SEC rule is intended to bring some basic transparency to these deals—that is all we are talking about, transparency—by requiring U.S. com-panies to disclose the payments they make to foreign governments—who the payments went to, how much they paid, who in the government got the money that should be going to the peo-ple. b1530 It tells the people and the country where this natural resources money is going. This is just common sense, and it is outrageous and unbelievable to me that anyone would oppose simple transparency rules that combat corrup-tion. I have been a long-time supporter of this rule. I spoke in favor of it during the Dodd-Frank debate, and I sent a letter to the SEC urging them to final-ize this rule as quickly as possible. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  this letter, on which I was joined by roughly 58 of my colleagues. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 11, 2014. Re Implementation of Section 1504. Hon. M
ARYJOWHITE, Chair, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIR WHITE: We are aware that the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) recently announced its anticipated agenda for the next ten-month period, and that the agenda includes a proposal to initiate rule-making for Section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act by March 2015. While we are pleased that the SEC plans to begin focusing its attention on this impor-tant provision, which mandates revenue transparency in the extractive industries, we believe that the rulemaking for section 1504 should be on a swifter, more definite time line. We strongly urge you, therefore, to issue a proposed rule for public comment no later than the end of this year. The initial rule issued by the SEC on Au-gust 22, 2012 adhered closely to the intent of the law, and we applaud the SEC for its forceful legal defense of the rule. In light of the District Court’s July 2013 decision, which vacated the rule on procedural grounds but did not foreclose any regulatory options, we believe the Commission should issue a re-vised rule that is equally strong. The exist-ing rulemaking record should provide the necessary basis to swiftly schedule a new rulemaking and to reissue a rule mandating public disclosure by company and by project with no exemptions. Anything less would un-dermine the intended purpose and benefits of Section 1504 for investors, companies, gov-ernments and their citizens. We would note that after the SEC issued its rule in 2012, the rest of the world followed our lead, establishing as a global norm the public disclosure of oil and mineral pay-ments by company and by project with no exemptions. The European Union and Nor-way passed disclosure laws modeled on the Commission’s August 2012 rule. The Cana-dian government has committed to adopt the same requirements and plans to have legisla-tion passed by April 2015 and regulations in place that summer. Several globally impor-tant oil and mining companies also support payment transparency at the project-level, citing significant business benefits, while others have begun voluntarily disclosing de-tailed payment information. And in March, the United States was ac-cepted as a candidate country in the Extrac-tive Industries Transparency Initiative, which is a global effort designed to increase accountability and openness in these indus-tries, and specifically requires project-level reporting in line with the standard set by Section 1504 and its sister legislation in Eu-rope. The implementation of Section 1504 is crit-ical. Resource revenue transparency allows shareholders to make better-informed as-sessments of risks and opportunity costs, threats to corporate reputation, and the long-term prospects of the companies in which they invest. It is no surprise, then, that investors with assets worth over $5.6 trillion recently called on the SEC to quick-ly reissue a strong rule to align with trans-parency rules in other markets. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.051 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H851 February 1, 2017 
Public reporting of extractive payments is also fundamental to improving governance, curbing corruption, improving revenue man-agement, and allowing citizens to demand greater accountability from their govern-ments for spending that serves the public in-terest. This, in turn, can help create more stable and democratic governments, as well as more stable business environments, which contribute to the advancement of U.S. na-tional security interests. Since its passage, Congress has continued to support the strong implementation of Sec-tion 1504 rules. Last year, legislation to im-plement an agreement between the U.S. and Mexico to develop oil and gas reserves in the Gulf of Mexico (HR 1613) was significantly delayed when the House version of the bill included a waiver from Section 1504 require-ments. The White House strongly objected to the House bill precisely because of the waiver, and issued a Statement of Administration Policy calling the exemption unnecessary and claiming it would directly and nega-tively impact U.S. efforts to increase trans-parency and accountability in the oil, gas, and minerals sectors. Congress ultimately passed a version of the bill that did not in-clude the Section 1504 waiver. Importantly, the final legislation was sup-ported by the same industry groups and law-makers who initially alleged that Section 1504 would create conflicts of law and put American companies at a competitive dis-advantage. The court decision, along with data and analysis from the previous rulemaking proc-ess, has provided the Commission with a road map to develop a revised rule requiring public disclosure at the project level with no exemptions. We strongly urge you to prioritize setting out a swift and fixed timeline for the implementation of section 1504, including the release of a proposed rule for public comment no later than the end of 2014. Sincerely, Maxine Waters, Member of Congress; Peter A. DeFazio, Member of Congress; Carolyn B. Maloney, Member of Congress; Henry A. Waxman, Member of Congress; Gregory W. Meeks, Member of Congress; Eliot L. Engel, Member of Congress; Nita M. Lowey, Member of Congress; Jose´E. Serrano, Member of Con-gress; Brad Sherman, Member of Congress; Wm. Lacy Clay, Member of Congress; George Miller, Member of Congress; John Yarmuth, Member of Congress; Marcy Kap-tur, Member of Congress; Carolyn McCarthy, Member of Congress; Allyson Y. Schwartz, Member of Congress; Keith Ellison, Member of Congress; Louise McIntosh Slaughter, Member of Congress; John Conyers, Jr., Member of Congress; Rosa L. DeLauro, Mem-ber of Congress; Michael E. Capuano, Mem-ber of Congress; Gwen Moore, Member of Congress; Karen Bass, Member of Congress; Mark Pocan, Member of Congress; Rau ´l M. Grijalva, Member of Congress; Earl Blu-menauer, Member of Congress; Alan S. Lowenthal, Member of Congress; Rush Holt, Member of Congress; Jared Huffman, Mem-ber of Congress; James P. Moran, Member of Congress; James P. McGovern, Member of Congress; Lois Capps, Member of Congress; Sam Farr, Member of Congress; William R. Keating, Member of Congress; Carol Shea- Porter, Member of Congress; Katherine Clark, Member of Congress; Bar-bara Lee, Member of Congress; Betty McCol-lum, Member of Congress; Peter Welch, Member of Congress; Janice D. Schakowsky, Member of Congress; Jim McDermott, Mem-ber of Congress; Andre´Carson, Member of Congress; Adam B. Schiff, Member of Con-gress; Paul Tonko, Member of Congress; Bill Foster, Member of Congress; Anna G. Eshoo, Member of Congress; Eleanor Holmes Nor-ton, Member of Congress; John B. Larson, Member of Congress; Mat-thew A. Cartwright, Member of Congress; Jerrold Nadler, Member of Congress; Charles B. Rangel, Member of Congress; Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson, Jr., Member of Congress; Susan A. Davis, Member of Congress; Adam Smith, Member of Congress; Theodore E. Deutch, Member of Congress; Michael M. Honda, Member of Congress; Ann McLane Kuster, Member of Congress; Michael H. Michaud, Member of Congress; Zoe Lofgren, Member of Congress. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, let’s also be clear about what the SEC’s rules do not do. They do not place any restrictions on who companies can pay money to. It doesn’t restrict how much money they can pay or what they can pay for. It doesn’t stop corruption; it just simply says you have to report it so that the people in the country—and everyone— knows what is going on. In fact, there was bipartisan support for this rule. The amendment to Dodd- Frank that required this rule was known as the Cardin-Lugar amendment because it was cosponsored by Repub-lican Senator Dick Lugar. Senator Lugar was a long-time chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, so he understood the negative impact that these corrupt deals could have on developing countries. The only reason—and I repeat, the only reason—to vote for this resolution is to help corrupt governments steal money from their people. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I am going to re-peat this phrase since people were knocking me out of order. The absolute only reason they should vote for this—and I want to warn those on both sides of the aisle—is to help corrupt governments steal money from their people; so I strongly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Now, several of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have pointed out that the foreign and corrupt rule will take care of this, but the foreign and corrupt rule only covers bribery. It doesn’t cover unjust enrichment. It doesn’t cover governments stealing from themselves. Use of the Congressional Review Act to strike the rule would prohibit the Commission from promulgating any rule that is ‘‘substantially similar’’ to that rule, effectively preventing it from ever fulfilling its statutory man-date in the Dodd-Frank Act, contrary to the will of Congress. I urge a strong ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ), the sub- chairman of our Oversight and Inves-tigations Subcommittee. Mrs. WAGNER. I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for the time. I thank my colleague, Mr. H
UIZENGA , the chair of the Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises Subcommittee, for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to cosponsor the SEC disclosure rule for resource ex-traction, which is an important tool for Congress to use in disapproving ex-cessive red tape brought by Wash-ington bureaucrats. The previous administration placed crushing regulatory burdens on the American people. In 2015 alone, Federal regulations cost almost $1.9 trillion— nearly $15,000 per American family. This particular SEC regulation, which was issued by the Obama administra-tion, regarding resource extraction dis-closures will make it more expensive for our public companies that are in-volved with energy production to be competitive overseas with foreign state-owned companies. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this resolution of disapproval. The SEC has estimated that ongoing compliance costs for this rule could reach as high as $591 million annually and fully admit that it has the potential to di-vert capital away from other produc-tive opportunities, like growing a busi-ness and creating jobs. Securities law should not be used to advance foreign policy objectives, par-ticularly when the compliance cost of implementing those objectives is so ex-pensive—with no added benefit of in-vestor protection. While this rule had already been va-cated before the U.S. District Court of D.C. in 2013, I am happy that, through this resolution of disapproval, Con-gress—we the people—can now weigh in as well on this harmful rule. I urge the passage of this resolution. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ), a member of the Financial Services Committee and of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. FOSTER. I thank Ranking Mem-ber W
ATERS for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 41 and in support of the SEC rule requiring resource extraction com-panies to disclose payments to govern-ments. Historically, payment for resources is a huge source of corruption in devel-oping countries, which, for most of us, is morally abhorrent; but what I want to talk about is the competitive advan-tage that we gain when we embrace the principles of the democratic rule of law, transparency, and morality that our financial system depends upon. We passed Dodd-Frank to strengthen our financial system in a time of crisis but also to make it more transparent and effective for American consumers and investors. Section 1504 of Dodd-Frank directed the SEC to publish a rule requiring issuers to disclose the types and amounts of payments for each project and to each government annually. The provision improved disclosures made to financial regulators and to investors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.009 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH852 February 1, 2017 
Private and public institutional in-vestors—representing trillions of dol-lars invested on behalf of American families—voiced support to the SEC in favor of the rule. There are two main reasons for this support from institu-tional investors: First, all investors want to be able to review payments to all governments, to assess the exposure the issuer may have to corruption risk. The SEC has jurisdiction over compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and in-vestors need to know whether fines for potentially corrupt payments could be levied against firms in which they are considering investing. Investors should always have the right to know material information about the firms, and systemic non-compliance with the law is always ma-terial. It should not take an event of noncompliance that has been uncov-ered by the regulators to inform inves-tors when simple transparency require-ments, like the annual reporting of payments, can alert them to the risk. Secondly, some investors may simply want to stay away from investments in firms that make payments to certain governments. Many resource-rich na-tions in the developing world lack a democratic rule of law and are often governed by oppressive regimes that exploit their land and environment, ex-tracting resources for their rulers’ fi-nancial gain at the expense of their citizens. Investors have the right to know this information because they own the company and may feel a moral responsibility for its action. For these two reasons, extractive payments are information crucial to an investor’s analysis of an issuer’s secu-rities. The United States equity markets are the most efficient in the world be-cause we have strong disclosure laws and strong enforcement at the SEC. The disclosure of payments made to foreign governments is a relevant fac-tor in valuing securities and is crucial to avoiding asymmetries in informa-tion, which can and will be exploited. These disclosures actually enable the market to police an issuer by pun-ishing excessive payments to question-able governments with a devaluation of its equities. In short, there are three market- based reasons to disclose payments to foreign governments: First, these disclosures promote mar-ket integrity; second, they provide in-vestors with crucial information for valuing securities; third, they enable investors to make ethical values-based decisions on where they allocate their resources—a right that we should be enhancing rather than eroding. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.J. Res. 41. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), the chairman of our Monetary Policy and Trade Sub-committee. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act requires the Se-curities and Exchange Commission—an agency not charged with the responsi-bility of carrying out American foreign policy—to promulgate a resource ex-traction issuer disclosure rule. That regulation, which is the subject of to-day’s resolution, requires publicly traded U.S. firms to disclose payments that they make to governments for the commercial development of oil, natural gas, or mineral resources. The intent of the rule, as my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle point out, is to allow local populations to see how much revenue is generated by their natural resources; but, in practice, if fully implemented, this rule will have a very negative impact on Americans and on the people it is purported to help. First, the rule puts American firms at a severe competitive disadvantage, and we have talked about this before. Because section 1504 applies only to companies that are listed on U.S. ex-changes, it forces them to disclose pay-ments in detail in a way that would put them at a competitive disadvan-tage to non-U.S. companies, like those located in China. The SEC estimates that the initial cost of compliance for U.S. firms could be as high as $700 mil-lion and that the ongoing costs could be as large as $591 million annually. That is $591 million that American businesses could be putting to better and more productive use, like in cre-ating jobs and investing in their work-ers. The SEC, itself, admitted that compliance costs would result in di-verting capital away from other pro-ductive opportunities. In addition, these disclosures will in-clude sensitive commercial proprietary information and trade secrets that for-eign state-owned competitors can use against American firms, and 50 percent of the firms that are likely to be obli-gated to comply with this rule are smaller reporting companies. While larger firms can more easily adjust their financial reporting systems in order to collect the required data or can even alter their business models to make the rule less burdensome, the smaller firms that will be forced to comply with this rule will have a very difficult time. This will lead to a con-solidation in the industry, to a reduc-tion in competition, and to higher prices for American consumers. These projects are often carried out in countries with underdeveloped economies. As a result, they provide much-desired work for local popu-lations, and they help improve the standard of living in the area, lifting many people out of poverty. This rule will stifle economic development in areas that need it most, potentially limiting the ability of these regions to thrive. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, this is not about investor protection. Instead, it is going to undermine capital forma-tion, and it is going to hurt smaller firms, and it is going to hurt jobs in this country. The Securities and Ex-change Commission, as it admits itself, is not in a position to conduct Amer-ican foreign policy. Let’s leave this to the State Department, and let’s focus on SEC rules that are core to its mis-sion: investor protection and capital formation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade on the Financial Services Com-mittee. Ms. MOORE. I thank the ranking member. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong, strong opposition to this legislation that seeks to overturn carefully crafted SEC anticorruption rules for extractive in-dustries. Section 1504 requires that gas and oil companies that are listed on U.S. ex-changes to disclose payments made to foreign governments. Congress man-dated these rules in Dodd-Frank, and it was a bicameral decision. It was thoughtful and bipartisan. There were multiple hearings in both Chambers and a conference report. These Dodd-Frank rules were the first of their kind, and they have be-come the model for 30 other industri-alized countries’ own rules. These rules have been so necessary because of the so-called resource curse, in which we have seen countries—particularly Afri-ca—that have lots of resources, but there is widespread poverty because of the corruption of these extractive in-dustries. Surprisingly, these companies have implemented them, and they are currently complying with them glob-ally. Now, we have heard a whole lot of whining and, quite frankly, lying about how these regulations have cost us jobs; but, certainly, the Obama econ-omy has created a lot of prosperity. In fact, Mr. Speaker, investor advocates at asset management companies and civil society groups that are fighting corruption and instability support these rules. We should be supporting them. In fact, companies that have $10 trillion under management say that these disclosures help them manage risk. b1545 Now, I am not going to go into a long-winded explanation of the ills and issues related to illicit payments re-lated to extractive industries to for-eign governments. We know about them. I guess that we are appalled by this vote, but I guess it’s the beginning that we are going to be appalled for the next 1,500 days. It shouldn’t be surprising, Mr. Speak-er, that the friend and ally of Russian leader Vladimir Putin—and now Presi-dent Trump’s nominee for Secretary of State—Rex Tillerson lobbied against this very rule when he was at Exxon. Specifically, he said it would hurt their Russian operations. Transparency will hurt ExxonMobil’s Russian operations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.053 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H853 February 1, 2017 
So the question has just got to be asked, Mr. Speaker: What does that mean? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Wis-consin. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, just the implication that transparency is going to hurt Putin’s Russia is prima facie proof that we need these rules. What payments to Putin does Rex Tillerson not want shareholders and the American people to see? Today, we should be demanding more transparency and not less from the most conflicted President and adminis-tration in history. We are now trying to make transactions less apparent. All my colleagues should reject this joint resolution, not only on substance, but it is an abuse of the Congressional Review Act. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, we are all painfully aware that Washington’s financial control law, Dodd-Frank, is full of provisions that have nothing to do with protecting consumers or pre-venting another financial crisis. The SEC rule in question today is no exception. This politically motivated rule, tucked into a provision under the miscellaneous provisions of Dodd- Frank, fails to advance the core mis-sion of the SEC, which is to protect in-vestors, maintain fair, orderly, and ef-ficient markets, and facilitate capital formation. Ensuring that payments by oil, gas, and other mineral companies are trans-parent and accountable is a worthwhile public policy goal, but it is outside the securities laws’ core mission of inves-tor protection. Not only should this rule and its en-forcement fall outside the purview of the SEC, but the rule itself is fun-damentally flawed. Like so many rules and regulations emanating from Dodd-Frank that harm our economy, it is more complex and costly than is required by statute, which calls into question the extent to which it meets the SEC’s economic analysis requirement. The SEC itself estimates the cost for compliance at between $239 million to $700 million initially and from $96 mil-lion to $591 million annually after that. I am also concerned that this rule could force companies to withdraw from certain countries. Among other things, some foreign countries have laws to prohibit the sort of disclosures called for in this rule. Since the rule provides no exemp-tions, American firms may be forced to abandon business ventures that provide jobs and opportunities for Americans. I understand that some opponents of our effort have tried to label the SEC’s policy as an anticorruption rule. It is important to keep in mind that noth-ing in today’s resolution to repeal the rule undermines the ability of the SEC or the Department of Justice to fight corruption. Even without this rule, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act remains in force and any corrupt activities by Americans will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. The rule under consideration today, however, is unnecessary, poorly writ-ten, outside the core responsibilities of the agency, and it would impose sig-nificant costs on publicly listed compa-nies with no discernible benefit. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO ), a senior member of the Fi-nancial Services Committee and the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, let’s be honest, guys: leveling the playing field, capital formation. Come on. All this rule was written for is to ex-pose bribery. There is no line in any corporate report that says: paid for bribery. It comes up as royalty fees. It comes up as gifts. It is bribery, pure and simple. Every company in a foreign country is subject to it, especially a Third World country, especially when it comes to natural resources, and we all know it. If you think this rule is overbroad, yet you are still truly appalled by brib-ery and the results of it, submit some other option for us to do it. That is all this rule was ever meant to do. Give us an alternative, as opposed to simply repeal this. It is just like health care; you complain, complain, com-plain, but no alternative. Honestly, if you put forth a proposal that says the Foreign Corrupt Prac-tices Act is now legal, it is okay to have bribery, but you have to report it, people like me might be open to it. I understand. Mr. HUIZENGA. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. CAPUANO. I yield to the gen-tleman from Michigan. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I will point out, though, what my resolution does, is it directs the SEC to go back to the drawing board. It is not our job to write the rule. You are asking for that proposal. The SEC wrote a rule; it got struck down by the courts. They got sued again. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, re-claiming my time, I respectfully dis-agree. This, for all intents and pur-poses, prohibits them from doing it, number one. Number two, you have an obligation. You have an obligation, if you don’t like what exists, to propose an alter-native. That is the way the world should work. Every time we don’t like something, we offer an alternative. You don’t have to like the alternative, but there is an alternative offered. MR. HUIZENGA. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. CAPUANO. I yield to the gen-tleman from Michigan. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I would be happy to write a rule. I am not sure that the gentleman from Mas-sachusetts would be happy with it. I am not sure that the SEC would be happy with it. Again, having that debate here in the well of the House, I was not here for the writing of Dodd-Frank. I am deal-ing with the echo effects of it, and that is what we are trying to do right now. So rather than us having that, I put it back to the SEC. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, re-claiming my time, I respect the gentle-man’s intentions on this. I understand the concept of a level playing field. If the Chinese are bribing a Third World country, we should be able to compete with them. If that is the case, make our companies allowed to bribe them, as long as we know what is going on. Now, I don’t know how you are going to write that law, but I am happy to work with you any time you want. Here is the problem: bribery is insid-ious. It is secretive. It can’t be found. Now, I am a Catholic. I probably am not the best Catholic in the country. I think we could probably all agree to that. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, the basic tenets are pretty clear. Here is what they write, one line from the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops: ‘‘ . . . where governance is weak and corrup-tion is rampant extractive, industry revenue that is not transparent be-comes a curse that deepens poverty, de-stroys democratic institutions, de-frauds elections and allows autocratic leaders to remain in power against the will of the people.’’ If you really believe that people around this world should benefit by true and open democracy, you have to provide them the opportunities to do that. I happen to agree with the bishops. If you want to allow our companies to bribe foreign governments, say it. I don’t like it, but it is a reality of the world. They have been doing it for gen-erations. That is all this attempt was. And to simply repeal it says: It is open busi-ness day, guys. Go in, pass the cash around, stick it to the regular people, and don’t tell them about it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ). Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) for offering the resolution under consideration today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.055 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH854 February 1, 2017 
This resolution of disapproval will re-peal the SEC’s resource extraction rule, which imposes burdensome disclo-sure requirements on public companies engaged in the commercial develop-ment of natural gas, minerals, and oil. The SEC’s mission is to protect in-vestors, maintain efficient markets, and facilitate capital formation. Unfor-tunately, the resource extraction rule is well outside the bounds of these mandates, which acting SEC Chair Mi-chael Piwowar noted in his dissent of the rule saying that it ‘‘ . . . neither reforms Wall Street nor provides con-sumer protection and it is wholly unre-lated, and largely contrary, to the Commission’s core mission.’’ When our businesses are being over-whelmed by compliance obligations, it is crucial that our regulators do every-thing in their power to ensure regula-tions do not actively disrupt growth by enforcing nonmaterial, socially moti-vated disclosures like those included in the resource extraction rule. The SEC itself has admitted that this rule will be costly. The SEC estimates that the ongoing compliance cost for the resource extraction rule could reach as high as $592 million annually and noted that the disclosure require-ments could result in capital being di-verted away from productive opportu-nities. An agency tasked with main-taining efficient markets and facili-tating capital formation should not be promulgating unnecessary and burden-some rules like this. Dodd-Frank is full of examples like the resource extraction rule that re-quire Federal agencies to engage in rulemaking on topics outside of their substantive experience and jurisdic-tion. In the future, I urge my col-leagues to craft legislation in a bipar-tisan manner that only requires ac-tions consistent with the mission of the applicable agency. Until then, how-ever, it is necessary for Congress to ex-ercise its oversight power to unwind these misguided regulations that have hampered economic growth. I am happy to lend my support to this resolution and encourage my col-leagues to support this commonsense measure. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from California has 7 min-utes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 11
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ). Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this resolu-tion, providing congressional dis-approval of a rule submitted by the SEC relating to disclosure of payment by resource extraction issuers. Section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act requires a public company engaged in the commercial development of natural gas, minerals, or oil to report pay-ments made to foreign governments for these natural resources. At a time when our President and my Republican colleagues are looking to cut regulations on businesses, the SEC estimates that ongoing compliance costs for this rule to be as high as $591 billion. Let me say that again: one agency, one rule, $591 billion. Let me go back to something many of my colleagues have already men-tioned today, the SEC mission. I will quote from their own website. The mis-sion of the SEC is to ‘‘protect inves-tors, maintain fair, orderly, and effi-cient markets, and facilitate capital formation.’’ If investor protection is truly the mission of the SEC, then why was this provision of the Dodd-Frank listed in the section titled ‘‘miscellaneous pro-visions’’? Mr. Speaker, American companies should be protected, and no one denies that. But to put them at a competitive disadvantage against their foreign counterparts by implementing this rule is just plain wrong. Now, my friends on the other side of the aisle will argue that Republicans are gutting an important transparency policy meant to combat corruption. Well, Mr. Speaker, my response to those claims are this: Republicans are the party of transparency. We value ac-countability. But in this instance, the Dodd-Frank Act instructed a Federal agency, without any substantial expe-rience in resource extraction or foreign policy, to craft this mandatory disclo-sure for certain public companies. As many of my colleagues have said today, industry is already publicly dis-closing the work they do in foreign countries and will continue to do so. The difference is simple; they do it at a level that does not cause competitive harms. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support passage of this resolution and erase a top-down, Washington-knows- best provision that is harmful to Amer-ican companies and American inves-tors. We should and can do it better. In God We Trust. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of H.J. Res. 41. As you have heard today, it has an immense cost to our economy. The SEC estimates, as you have heard from other Members, up to $590 million per year, Mr. Speaker. Now, think about that. That is $5 bil-lion over 10 years. And if we put a 10 multiplier on it, that is $50 billion of investable capital that could be put out for productive use helping the world have more mineral resources. Instead, it goes to this ill-advised rule. b1600 In the past two decades, the United States has lost more than 50 percent, Mr. Speaker, of its public companies, in large part due to the costs and regu-latory burdens of being associated with being a public company. Dodd-Frank’s resource extraction rule piles on even more harmful red tape for those pub-licly traded companies in the United States that are global energy pro-viders. As this rule only applies to publicly traded companies, this increased bur-den puts U.S. companies at a disadvan-tage. Over 75 percent of the extracted minerals are owned by state-owned en-terprises, Mr. Speaker, that are not covered by this rule. That puts our companies at a competitive disadvan-tage. It requires our companies to re-veal confidential information, putting our companies at a competitive dis-advantage. And if, Mr. Speaker, the people want transparency, the best way to handle that is through self-disclosure through global transparency and account-ability. There are important public policy goals, and 51 countries have en-tered into the Extractive Industry Transparency Institute, which is self- reporting and publishing, by country, by company, both public and private, these important issues about mineral extraction. Finally, Mr. Speaker, if it is about corruption, our friend, Senator Prox-mire from Wisconsin, long ago, in the 1970s, passed the Foreign Corrupt Prac-tices Act. There is no more act feared by global corporate America than com-plying with the Foreign Corrupt Prac-tices Act and ensuring that our compa-nies, our shareholders are not prone or party to bribery. I support this resolution. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. TROTT ). Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.J. Res. 41, offered by my good friend, Mr. H
UIZENGA . This resolu-tion is simple. It repeals an onerous rule that puts American manufac-turing and energy companies at a glob-al disadvantage. Both foreign and American compa-nies sell products and energy in our economy, but only American compa-nies are required to jump through addi-tional hoops, regulations that cost bil-lions of dollars and pass on hundreds of millions of dollars to consumers. Michiganders know all too well what happens when government tips the scale in favor of foreign companies: jobs are lost overseas, and the invest-ment necessary to create jobs is de-layed or canceled. My friends across the aisle have sug-gested that this resolution is about bribery. It is not. This resolution and, in fact, the election on November 8 is about jobs, the loss of American jobs. Manufacturers in Michigan don’t need special treatment. The unparal-leled product of hardworking men and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.056 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H855 February 1, 2017 
women in Michigan speaks for itself. But I think we can all agree that the American Government should be their ally, not their opponent. Repealing this rule does just that. I encourage my colleagues to support this resolution. Ms MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD). Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, this resolu-tion would overturn a Securities and Exchange Commission rule that, ac-cording to the agency, is supposed to ‘‘help combat global corruption and empower citizens of resource-rich countries to hold their governments accountable. . . .’’ Well, that is a grand idea, but we have a financial regulator to protect the American investor, not to combat global corruption or empower citizens for other countries. I am sure we could send the SEC off to fight any number of other international problems—reli-gious oppression, authoritarian re-gimes, malaria, maybe even leprosy. The question is if a financial regu-lator mandated to combat all these things can fulfill its core mission to provide financial transparency and pre-vent fraud. Given that we had a finan-cial crisis that the SEC didn’t foresee and did nothing to prevent, that would suggest that it needs even less on its plate, not more. What this joint resolu-tion does is put the American investor first and help us to stop sending the SEC off on global rabbit trails. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ). Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, if you opened up your copy of Dodd-Frank, this big thick book with 2,300 pages of microscopic print, and went all the way back to title XV, way back in the back, under ‘‘Miscellaneous Provi-sions,’’ you would find excessive com-plexity and a regulation that only breeds corruption, not the other way around. In these provisions lies section 1504, which directs the SEC, the Securities and Exchange Commission, to adopt a rule requiring resource extraction issuers to report payments to the U.S. and foreign governments for the com-mercial development of certain natural resources and make them available to the public. Though we all fully support trans-parency and accountability, I believe that section 1504 fails to protect inves-tors while simultaneously decreasing the productivity of capital markets and competition in the marketplace. This rule has stifled job growth and ex-pansion. The SEC estimated that the cost of the new rule would be somewhere be-tween $239 million and $700 million in initial startup compliance costs alone. After the first year, the SEC projects it would be an annual ongoing cost of compliance ranging from $100 million to $591 million. Rather than this rule, companies could reinvest these dollars into creating opportunities for local communities, which will result in the creation of more good-paying jobs for Americans. My district in central New York and the Southern Tier has the highest or one of the highest unemployment rates in the Nation and a lower median household income than the national average. Section 1504 is merely another example of how bureaucratic govern-ment overreach can result in lost op-portunities for the people in the 22nd District of New York and all hard-working American workers. However, instead of taking this opportunity to empower our citizens who are eager to get back to work, we are fueling addi-tional costly government regulations. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gen-tlewoman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. TENNEY. Let me emphasize, we are not eliminating the SEC’s or the DOJ’s enforcement authority. We are simply asking them to revisit this rule. Both of these agencies still retain their power to ensure a level playing field and to root out corruption. It is important we recognize that vacating this rule is part of the joint resolution. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this resolution. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I have no other speakers at this time. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Include a number of articles in the R
ECORD . One is a Bloomberg article, entitled: ‘‘Exxon Set for Early Victory As Congress to Rescind Payments Rule.’’ The other one is a Politico Mag-azine article that says: ‘‘Tillerson tried to get this rule killed. Now Congress is about to do it for him.’’ The other arti-cle is a Washington Post article: ‘‘One of House GOP’s first targets for regu-latory rollback is tops on the oil indus-try’s wish list.’’ 
[From Bloomberg Government, Jan. 30, 2017] E
XXON SET FOR EARLY VICTORY AS CONGRESS  T
ORESCIND PAYMENTS RULE (By Catherine Traywick) For years the oil industry has appealed to the executive branch and courts to de-fang a U.S. rule forcing Exxon Mobil Corp., Chevron Corp. and other producers to disclose their payments to foreign governments. Now, the Republican takeover in Wash-ington is handling it for them. The House of Representatives is set to vote this week on killing a Securities and Ex-change Commission edict that requires pub-lication of overseas payments by oil, natural gas and mining companies. The industry says the rule, part of the 2010 Dodd-Frank act, gives global rivals a competitive edge. Backers say it will help keep payments to foreign nations in government coffers, not private pockets. ‘‘To roll it back would be a complete abdi-cation of U.S. initiative and leadership on issues of corruption,’’ said Daniel Kaufmann, president of the Natural Resource Govern-ance Institute, an International trans-parency watchdog. The SEC rule, set to take effect next year, is one of a series of Obama administration regulations Republican lawmakers are try-ing to reverse using the Congressional Re-view Act, a law that allows Congress to undo regulations with a simple majority vote. Congress also plans to vote this week to kill rules curbing methane venting and mountain-top mining. To do so, both cham-bers must pass a resolution disapproving the rules, which the president would then have to sign. While President Barack Obama would have reliably vetoed such resolutions, President Donald Trump is likely to sign it. Trump argues that curbing regulations is key to unleashing investment by U.S. com-panies. He pledged to rescind two existing regulations for each new one that’s issued. ‘‘The SEC’s rule forces U.S. companies to disclose proprietary information to its com-petitors while foreign entities do not. This can give some large industry players an ad-vantage on future business projects,’’ the American Petroleum Institute, an industry group, said in a statement. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy pledged in a Wall Street Journal op-ed, to ‘‘take the ax’’ to the SEC rule, which he characterized as ‘‘an unreasonable compli-ance burden.’’ Transparency advocates dismiss that argu-ment, pointing out that the European Union and U.K. already require such disclosures from some of Exxon’s biggest competitors. BP Plc, Total SA and Royal Dutch Shell are among those that annually report taxes, bo-nuses and other payments to foreign govern-ments. U.S. ADVANTAGE  Because Exxon and Chevron aren’t listed on the European exchanges, they don’t have to comply with the EU disclosure rules. That may give them an edge over other oil majors who must report project-level payments, critics say. In its 2015 disclosure to the UK, Rosneft re-ported $29.8 million in payments to the Rus-sian Federation, Vietnam, Brazil and Nor-way. In the same year, BP reported $15.2 bil-lion in payments to 23 countries, Total dis-closed $16.7 billion to 44 countries, and Shell reported $21.8 billion to 24 countries. The idea behind the measure is simple: If foreign oil companies disclose payments of $1 million to the government of Country X, then the lawmakers and citizens of Country X will know that $1 million should show up on the country’s budget. If less shows up, that means it has been diverted for private use. ExxonMobil and Chevron say they support financial transparency in the oil sector. Both are members of an advisory committee under the Interior Department that oversees a vol-untary corporate financial disclosure pro-gram. 
SEC COMMENTS  In comments to the SEC, the companies say they would support a version of the regu-lation that protected company-specific data. They argue that the current SEC rule would make available potentially valuable com-pany information to state-owned competi-tors such as Saudi Aramco and Cnooc Ltd., neither of which are subject to the disclosure rules. The American Petroleum Institute suc-cessfully challenged an earlier version of the rule in court, forcing the SEC to rewrite it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.058 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH856 February 1, 2017 
API asked the agency to consider a reporting model that detailed payments by resource type and production method—omitting com-pany-specific data. But, the SEC didn’t adopt that approach. ‘‘The SEC largely ignored industry’s com-ments,’’ said Exxon spokesman Bill Hol-brook. While the final rule included exemp-tions for acquired companies and exploratory activities, it ‘‘remains based on the EU’s model and likely will adversely affect the ability of publicly-traded companies to com-pete globally,’’ he said. A Chevron spokesperson did not respond to a request for comment. 
PATTERN OF BEHAVIOR  Transparency advocates say they’re con-cerned that the repeal effort is part of a pat-tern of behavior among Republican law-makers. ‘‘The GOP that tried to gut the ethics com-mittee is trying to gut a critical anti-corrup-tion law,’’ said Jana Morgan, director of the advocacy group Publish What You Pay. ‘‘It sends a really disturbing message.’’ The planned vote is generating tension among members of the anti-corruption advi-sory committee on which Exxon, Chevron and API sit. The panel, made up of represent-atives from government, industry and civil society, publishes an annual report detailing U.S. government revenues from the oil, nat-ural gas and mining industries, as well as voluntarily reported payments made to the U.S. government from companies in those sectors. Civil society members of the committee say Exxon’s opposition to the SEC rule jeop-ardizes its standing on the panel. At a meet-ing on Wednesday, members will discuss whether Exxon, Chevron and API should keep their seats at all. ‘‘I really have to question whether it’s ap-propriate for companies like Exxon and Chevron and API to continue to sit around this table,’’ said Zorka Milin, an attorney with the anti-corruption group Global Wit-ness, and a member of the advisory com-mittee. 
[From POLITICO Magazine, Feb. 1, 2017] T
ILLERSON TRIED TOGETTHISRULEKILLED . N
OWCONGRESS ISABOUT TODOIT FOR HIM (By Michael Grunwald) The leader of the world’s most valuable company doesn’t typically fly to Washington to fight one obscure amendment to a 2,300- page bill, especially a motherhood-and-apple- pie-style amendment designed to prevent and expose corruption abroad. But back in 2010, ExxonMobil’s then-CEO, Rex Tillerson, was deeply worried about Section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reforms, a bipar-tisan amendment that required drilling and mining companies to disclose any payments they make to foreign governments. So Tillerson and one of his lobbyists paid a half- hour visit to the amendment’s Republican co-author, then-Sen. Richard Lugar, to try to get it killed. Tillerson argued that forcing U.S. oil firms to reveal corporate secrets—such as paying foreign governments—would put them at a competitive disadvantage. He also explained that the provision would make it especially difficult for Exxon to do business in Russia, where, as he did not need to explain, the gov-ernment takes a rather active interest in the oil industry. But Lugar believed greater transparency could help alleviate the ‘‘re-source curse’’ of corruption that plagues so many mineral-rich countries, so he told Tillerson they would have to agree to dis-agree. Section 1504 stayed in the bill, the bill became law, and the disclosure requirement became an international example: France, Canada and the United Kingdom all went on to use it as a model for similar rules. Seven years later, Republicans are pre-paring to confirm Tillerson today as Presi-dent Donald Trump’s secretary of State, de-spite allegations that he’s too cozy with Rus-sia. At the same time, the GOP is preparing to try to kill the disclosure rule created under Section 1504, despite warnings from international aid groups that the move would provide a wink-and-nod blessing to hidden corporate payments to petro-thugs. The House is expected to act Wednesday afternoon, and since the move relies on a special mechanism for reversing rules en-acted late in a presidential term, Senate Re-publicans will need a mere majority rather than a filibuster-proof 60 votes to follow suit. So after all of Trump’s promises to drain the swamp, an anti-anti-corruption bill pushed by Big Oil and his own top diplomat might be the first policy legislation to reach his desk. ‘‘It would be a real tragedy for democracy and human rights,’’ says Lugar, the former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, who now leads a center in his name focusing on global issues. ‘‘It’s hard to believe this would be such a high priority right now.’’ The so-called resource extraction rule is not one of President Barack Obama’s most prominent legacies, but one reason getting rid of it is such a high Republican priority is that it’s one of his most vulnerable legacies. That’s because it was only finalized last June; two weeks too late to avoid scrutiny under the Congressional Review Act, a law allowing Congress to strike down end-of- term regulations with simple majorities. The CRA has only been used once before, when Congress erased a Clinton-era workplace ergonomics rule in 2001. But now that the Republicans have control of both houses of Congress and the White House, they hope to use the CRA to wipe out a variety of Obama rules, starting Wednesday with this and an-other measure opposed by extractive indus-tries, a ‘‘stream protection’’ rule restricting discharges from mining operations. Aside from anti-Obama politics, the other reason gutting the Section 1504 rule is a high priority for Republicans is that their sup-porters in the oil industry really hate it. In fact, oil interests successfully sued to block an earlier version of the rule, contributing to the delays that pushed the final rule past the Congressional Review Act deadline. On Tuesday, American Petroleum Institute president Jack Gerard sent a letter to House leaders reiterating the industry’s long-standing complaints that the rule would damage the competitiveness of U.S. firms. He noted that America already has laws like the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act that spe-cifically ban U.S. firms operating abroad from making illicit payments, describing the additional rule as regulatory overkill. And he said the rule injected the Securities and Exchange Commission into a ‘‘social agenda issue’’ that had little to do with its mission of policing fraud and protecting investors. By striking it down, Gerard wrote, ‘‘Congress can reclaim its authority, and in the process protect American companies, workers, and investors.’’ Tillerson alluded to those competitiveness arguments in his written responses to Senate questions about his confirmation, noting that since the Section 1504 rule would impose restrictions on U.S.-based companies, part of his job as secretary of State would be to make sure ‘‘foreign companies or investors do not get an unfair advantage by cheating or keeping to a lower standard.’’ But groups that specialize in fighting global poverty and corruption argue that those arguments make no sense now that foreign nations have adopted similar rules; in fact, conglomerates like BP, Total and even Russian oil majors listed in London have already filed disclo-sures under those rules. A blog post on the issue on Tuesday from Oxfam America— which sued the Obama administration in 2014 for moving too slowly to revise the rule after the initial effort was struck down in court— was titled ‘‘From Russia With Love,’’ char-acterizing the GOP effort as a gift to Vladi-mir Putin and other authoritarian leaders of resource-rich countries. ‘‘Why would Congress want to take a stand for facilitating corruption?’’ asked Jana Morgan, director of Publish What You Pay USA, a coalition of groups focused on ac-countability in the extractive industries. ‘‘Why would anyone want to help the oil in-dustry hide payments to kleptocracies?’’ Lugar pointed out that in 2010, his amend-ment introducing Section 1504 with Demo-cratic Sen. Ben Cardin had a fair amount of bipartisan support. But so far, no Repub-licans have come out against the resolutions to strike it down, filed by Bill Huizenga of Michigan in the House and Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma in the Senate. If the GOP can cob-ble together a majority for the resolution in the Senate, Democrats can spend five hours of floor time delaying it, but they can’t stop it. And nobody seems to think that Trump, who had lunch with Tillerson Wednesday, would veto it, regardless of his fiery rhetoric about taking on special interests. The White House did not respond to a request for com-ment. Most of Obama’s most important regula-tions, like his Clean Power Plan to rein in greenhouse-gas emissions or other Dodd- Frank financial rules designed to rein in Wall Street, were completed early enough to avoid Congressional Review Act challenges. Trump and the Republicans will have to take on protracted legislative and judicial fights to kill those rules. But there are plenty of less prominent late-term rules that Repub-licans can take on if they’re willing to de-vote the floor time, on issues ranging from paid sick days for federal contract workers to energy efficiency for ceiling fans to car-cinogenic beryllium in the workplace. In general, the rules that are most likely to face challenges are the rules that could cause problems for the best-connected Re-publicans. And the kind of rules that inspire impassioned lobbying campaigns by the CEOs of mega-corporations like Exxon Mobil seem unlikely to survive in the current Washington environment. ‘‘It’s a tough political landscape,’’ says Zorka Milin, a senior legal adviser for the anti-corruption group Global Witness. ‘‘The issue of corruption ought to resonate with both parties, but we know this won’t be easy to stop.’’ 
[From the Washington Post, Feb. 1, 2017] O
NE OF HOUSE GOP’ SFIRST TARGETS FOR  R
EGULATORY ROLLBACK ISTOPS ON THE OIL I
NDUSTRY ’SWISHLIST (By Steven Mufson) One of the House Republicans’ first targets for regulatory rollback is torn from the oil industry’s wish list: eliminating recent Obama administration requirements that oil, gas and mining companies divulge more information about business payments they make to foreign governments. A House resolution this week, which aims to scrap the transparency rule imposed by the Securities and Exchange Commission, is one of the first measures that seeks to use the Congressional Review Act to undo regu-lations adopted during the final months of the Obama administration. And it comes at a potentially awkward mo-ment for former ExxonMobil chief executive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.027 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H857 February 1, 2017 
Rex Tillerson, who opposed the SEC regula-tion and who is now awaiting confirmation for the position of secretary of State. The review act could be used to nullify reg-ulations dating back to June last year, ex-perts on the law say. In this case, the SEC drafted the regula-tion in response to directions in the Dodd- Frank financial reform legislation. The di-rective was in an amendment backed by Sen. Ben Cardin (D–Md.) and then-Sen. Richard Lugar (R–Ind.). ‘‘Information is power,’’ Lugar said at the time. ‘‘It is power for shareholders and power for citizens living under oppressive regimes.’’ The SEC says that it would ‘‘combat gov-ernment corruption through greater trans-parency and accountability.’’ But the SEC’s first version of the regula-tion was struck down by a federal district court in the District of Columbia after the American Petroleum Institute and U.S. Chamber of Commerce filed suit in 2012. That prompted a second attempt by the SEC. Be-cause the final version was imposed near the end of the Obama administration, it now falls within the time frame that permits Congress and the president to use the review act to undo the regulation. The oil industry has been particularly in-censed about the regulation, complaining that the SEC rule would put them at a com-petitive disadvantage to foreign firms and be unduly expensive. The SEC has argued that the rule would help fight corruption not only by companies but by governments around the world. It has also noted that global companies have begun to provide, on a voluntary basis, more com-prehensive disclosures. In December 2015, then-commission member Luis A. Aguilar said that at least two large resource extrac-tion companies were already providing pay-ment disclosure on a project basis, and at least one other major resource extraction company was voluntarily providing other disclosures. ‘‘Other global companies are also begin-ning to open their books to permit a window into their resource extraction payments to foreign governments,’’ he said. But Jack Gerard, president of the Amer-ican Petroleum Institute, said in an inter-view that big oil and gas companies compete with state-owned companies that do not have disclosure requirements and that the SEC rule would allow those companies to win contracts after seeing what U.S. firms pay. ‘‘We think it’s a regulation that would have an unintended consequence of hurting U.S. business’s ability to compete,’’ he said. He said the SEC’s requirement that informa-tion be provided on a project basis was par-ticularly objectionable. He also cited the SEC’s own estimates of the cost the regulation would impose on oil, gas and mining companies. Gerard said com-pliance would cost between $96 million and $591 million annually for the entire industry. On an individual corporate basis, that would work out to $225,000 to $1.4 million a year, Gerard said. ExxonMobil spokesman William F. Hol-brook said ‘‘the SEC largely ignored indus-try’s comments and published a notice of a final rule that remains based on the [Euro-pean Union’s] model and likely will ad-versely affect the ability of publicly traded companies to compete globally.’’ Other groups disagree. ‘‘Rolling back this law will enable the corruption President Trump told us all he would end,’’ said Corinna Gilfillan, head of the U.S. office of Global Witness, an advocacy group that tar-gets environmental and human rights abuses. ‘‘The oil industry has been striking backroom deals with dictators and tyrants for decades, wrecking developing economies and the environment in the process.’’ She added that ‘‘this law helps prevent it by making sure people can see how much money is changing hands for their resources, and who is really benefiting from those deals.’’ The House resolution was introduced by Rep. Ken Buck (R–Col.). The House might take it up as early as Wednesday or later in the week. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I am absolutely surprised at how brazen our friends on the oppo-site side of the aisle are. They come here on this floor today with this rule that they would like to overturn. They have not been in committee. We have not had any hearings. They have moved very, very quickly to do exactly what all of these articles are dis-cussing. They are concentrating on how to roll back disclosure that the SEC had developed a rule for for the oil industry. And why are they trying to do this? It is so interesting that this is hap-pening on the same day that Mr. Tillerson has just been voted on to be the Secretary of State for the United States Government, the former CEO of Exxon; and I am going to talk about that connection, which should cause a lot of people to be concerned. This government is not about disclo-sure. First of all, the President of the United States refuses to disclose his in-come tax returns. I didn’t expect them to support disclosure of the oil indus-try to avoid corruption. As a matter of fact, they have the au-dacity to come here today and say that it is too expensive to be honest. It costs too much money to these huge billionaire oil companies to disclose, and somehow that is going to prevent them from creating jobs. That is non-sense. I would like to just show some con-nections here. Both during his campaign and since his election, Donald Trump has sur-rounded himself with people who have extensive ties to Vladimir Putin and the Russian Government, and then we are going to see the connection be-tween Tillerson and the Russian Gov-ernment. First of all, let’s look at this circle of people around him and their connection to Russia. Paul Manafort, Trump’s former cam-paign manager, was a paid lobbyist for Viktor Yanukovych, the pro-Russian politician in Ukraine who fled to Rus-sia in 2014 and was subjected to U.S. sanctions related to Russian aggression in Ukraine. Manafort has also been in-volved in multimillion-dollar business deals with Russian and Ukrainian oligarchs, which were reportedly the subject of an FBI inquiry. The other person, Roger Stone, Trump’s longtime friend, is reportedly under investigation for possible links with Russia. He has denied ever vis-iting Russia but admitted he had worked in Ukraine. Stone announced in a speech last summer that he had spo-ken to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, and Stone predicted that there would be additional leaked docu-ments, a prediction that came true within weeks. Let’s go to another person. Michael Flynn, Trump’s National Security Ad-viser, did a paid series of events in Moscow, including a speech and appear-ance at a party for RT, a Kremlin-fund-ed TV station, where he was photo-graphed sitting next to Vladimir Putin. Trump’s nominee for Secretary of Commerce, Wilbur Ross, was a business partner of Viktor Vekselberg, a Rus-sian oligarch and Putin ally, in a major financial project involving the Bank of Cyprus. Finally, former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson, Trump’s nominee and now the person who has been voted by the Senate for Secretary of State, signed a multibillion-dollar agreement with Russia in 2011 on behalf of ExxonMobil for an oil drilling project in the Arctic. The project was brought to a halt in 2014 as a result of the sanctions that were imposed on Russia in response to Russia’s aggression in Ukraine. Putin personally awarded Tillerson the Order of Friendship in 2013. Don’t forget, this President talked about lift-ing sanctions. Oh, you can see the con-nection here. In addition to that, I just want to point out that it comes as little sur-prise that ExxonMobil is one of the leading companies in the fight against the global initiative to enhance the transparency of extractive industry payments made to foreign govern-ments, given its long history of engag-ing in questionable transactions with governments of oil-rich countries such as Nigeria, Pakistan, Equatorial Guin-ea, Angola, and Chad. The move to eviscerate the rule issued under section 1504 that we are talking about here today makes clear that Republicans in Congress and the Trump administration believe that profits are more important than people and that fighting corruption is less im-portant than enriching oil, gas, and mining companies. Without the SEC’s extractive indus-try transparency rule, citizens around the world will lose a critical tool for holding their governments and cor-porations accountable for how natural resource proceeds are used. Let’s talk about Nigeria. Just days before the Securities and Exchange Commission issued its final rule pursu-ant to section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act, Global Witness, a highly respected and good governance NGO, issued a re-port detailing how a major oil deal, as I referred to earlier, struck by ExxonMobil with the Nigerian Govern-ment, was being investigated by Nige-ria’s Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, an agency charged with uncovering high-level corruption. b1615 The investigation relates to a widely reported deal in which the Nigerian Government in 2009 agreed to renew a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.030 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH858 February 1, 2017 
40 percent share of three oil licenses from Mobil Producing Nigeria, a whol-ly-owned subsidiary of ExxonMobil. This is all about the billionaires. Just follow the dollars and you can see what this is all about. Little town, America, needs to know that this is not about them. This is about these billionaires, and they will go to any extent to continue to steal from them. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
TEWART ). The gentleman from Texas has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I certainly hope that the American people are watching this debate because it will certainly con-firm their decision to deny Democrats control of the House, to deny them control of the Senate, and to deny them control of the White House. Now, Mr. Speaker, their words may claim they care about jobs, but their policies don’t. That is what we are here to talk about, Mr. Speaker, is jobs, and we are talking about a rule promul-gated by the Securities and Exchange Commission that can cost $591 million a year and can cost us 10,000 jobs. My friends on the other side of the aisle have been clearly tone deaf to the pleas of the American people. They want to go back to work. They are tired of part-time jobs. They are tired of stagnant paychecks. They are tired of decimated savings. That is why they have turned to the Republican Party, and that is why we are going to help give them a healthy economy with policies, including rolling back this foolish rule from the Securities and Ex-change Commission, a rule that in a previous iteration has already been struck down by courts. Now, you listen to the other side of the aisle, Mr. Speaker, and you hear all this talk about corruption. It appears that some of my friends on the other side of the aisle are ignorant that the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act is al-ready in the Federal code. For those who do not know, I have done the homework for you: 15 U.S.C. 78dd-1. Look it up yourself. So, Mr. Speaker, this has nothing to do with corruption. Rarely has more of a red herring come across the House floor. Let me tell you what this is real-ly about, Mr. Speaker. It is about a radical, leftist, and elitist agenda that promotes narrow special interests and has declared war on carbon-based in-dustry and energy and the industry and jobs that are represented by it. That is what this is really about. By the way, why is the Securities and Exchange Commission involved in this? Why isn’t this—listening to them—part of the Homeland Security Department or maybe part of the Department of Defense? What will they have the SEC do next, deliver the mail? Will they be-come our air traffic controllers? Meanwhile, there are Ponzi schemes taking place in America. Meanwhile, we have markets that are not efficient creating the jobs that the American people demand. Let’s vote for jobs. Let’s vote to get America back to work. Let’s vote down this leftist, elitist agenda declaring war on carbon-based jobs. Let’s vote for H.J. Res. 41. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 71, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the joint resolu-tion. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of H.J. Res. 41 will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of H.J. Res. 38, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 235, nays 187, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 72] YEAS—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.061 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H859 February 1, 2017 
Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Cartwright Clark (MA) Kildee Meeks Mulvaney Price, Tom (GA) Rush Taylor Walker Zinke 
b1643 Mr. GALLEGO and Ms. ESHOO changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. GONZALEZ of Texas, VELA, JOYCE of Ohio, and SANFORD changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DISAPPROVING A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 38) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 228, nays 194, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 73] YEAS—228 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—194 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—10 
Clark (MA) Kildee Meeks Messer Mulvaney Price, Tom (GA) Rush Taylor Walker Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1650 So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING VICTIMS OF QUEBEC TERRORIST ATTACK (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for joining me tonight to stand in soli-darity with our neighbors in Canada, and honor the victims of the January 29 terrorist attack at the Quebec Is-lamic Cultural Center in Quebec City. A house of worship is a place of ref-uge, peace, and reflection, but for the 6 people killed, the 19 wounded, and the entire community, that hallowed ground is now tainted—yet, shall al-ways remain covered in love. Let our presence here serve as a re-minder that we will stand up against bigotry and hatred wherever it takes place. I now ask my colleagues to bow their heads and join us for a moment of si-lence. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 611 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that Representa-tive H
IMES be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 611. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.013 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH860 February 1, 2017 
AMERICA DOES NOT NEED THE STREAM PROTECTION RULE (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CRAMER. Madam Speaker, North Dakota does not need the stream protection rule and neither does the Nation. By passing this resolution today disapproving the Office of Sur-face Mining edict, we are responding to the cries of the American people who are tired of nationwide job-killing reg-ulations from Washington. Madam Speaker, the Obama adminis-tration took nearly an entire term and over 10 million taxpayer dollars devel-oping this job killer designed to pre-vent billions of dollars of coal reserves from ever being developed with abso-lutely no environmental benefit. Today’s action prevents further de-struction of jobs and low-cost energy for the American people. I urge the Senate to swiftly send this resolution to the President’s desk. 
f 
b1700 ATTORNEY GENERAL NOMINEE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, first of all, I would like to acknowledge the fallen Navy SEAL officer in Yemen and offer my concern to his family. I will rise tomorrow to continue my questioning on that, but today I want-ed to make sure that I prayerfully ac-knowledged the sacrifice he made for this Nation. I rise today because we are one step further for the nominee for the Attor-ney General of the United States of America. And I join my colleagues in the Senate, the other body, who raised concern of not being able to inquire of Mr. S
ESSIONS what his position would be on what has been determined by five courts, at least, of the unconstitution-ality of the executive order. It is a ban on Muslims, it is a violation of the First Amendment, equal protection of the law, and due process—First Amend-ment being freedom of religion. Therefore, we now have an Attorney General making the first step, Mr. S
ES-
SIONS , where we do not know whether you will be able to embrace the laws that protect the most vulnerable women, children, the civil rights of many, and the voting rights of many, and, frankly, I believe those questions should be answered. I conclude by saying, when you ques-tioned Deputy Attorney General Yates, she was able to say that she would stand as an independent, objective per-son Attorney General having oversight over the White House. Will you be able to do the same? 
f 
TRAFFICKING AT THE SUPER BOWL—NOT IN OUR TOWN (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, as the United States is gearing up for the Super Bowl in Houston, unfortu-nately, so are many human sex traf-fickers. Just a few days ago, a 21-year-old trafficking victim with mental special needs was rescued in Houston. The young girl was kidnapped off the streets of Ohio by a dastardly traf-ficker. He put her in his car and told her: Now you work for me. She was brought to Houston specifically to be trafficked at the Houston Super Bowl. However, the woman’s mental disabil-ities and seizures became too much for the moral-less trafficker, so he dropped the victim off downtown Houston where she later was sexually assaulted by a local criminal. A Good Samaritan rescued the girl and brought her to the hospital. As ex-ploiters and buyers roam the streets looking for prey in Houston, they should know that Mayor Turner, the Department of Homeland Security, and local law enforcement are prepared to jail traffickers and rescue victims. No trafficking. Not in our town. We will protect victims and prosecute the slave trafficking deviants and buyers. And that is just the way it is. f 
GET AMERICA MOVING BY INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT (Mr. D
EFAZIO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Speaker, the clock is ticking. Not that clock, but the new clock that I put up on the Democratic side of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, which is the cost of congestion clock. The President has proposed $1 tril-lion investment in infrastructure. He went to the Republican Conference last week and said: Fix it first, and we want it in the first 100 days. I am with him on that, we should do that, and I have proposals to actually fund a way to get there. Not to $1 trillion, but a good part of the way. So this clock indicates, from the day he was sworn in, noon a week ago Fri-day to today, the cost of congestion for American commerce, the movement of goods, and the American people. It is $438 million per day. So the clock is ticking. Let’s get America moving again, and let’s invest in our infrastructure. 
f 
UNITED IN REINING IN REGULATIONS (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Madam Speaker, for the last 8 years, Americans have felt the burden of excessive and intense regu-latory overreach having to comply with time-consuming rules and regula-tions. But that ends now. For the first time in 8 years, the legislative branch and the executive branch are on the same page. We must get the govern-ment out of the way. Last week, I joined my colleagues on the One In, One Out Act, which re-quires Federal agencies to repeal or re-vise a rule before they can issue a new one, and any new rule must be of equal or lesser cost to Americans. And in true Trump fashion this week, the President announced his own version, the one in, two out executive order. These measures are commonsense at their core. To begin growing our econ-omy and creating jobs, we have got to reduce the size and scope of the Federal Government and tackle the mountain of red tape surrounding our Nation’s job creators. Americans are ready for growth and innovation, and, for the first time in a long time, the President is on our side. f 
SCALING BACK BURDENSOME REG-ULATIONS IMPLEMENTED BY THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Madam Speaker, this week, House Republicans have under-taken the effort to scale back some of the burdensome regulations imple-mented by the previous administra-tion. The use of so-called midnight rules to slip in regulations at the last minute and without congressional approval was a favorite tool of the last Presi-dent. Many of these regulations would negatively impact, and have, American people by destroying their jobs, hamstringing our economy, often for no good reason. That is why, at the very start of the 115th Congress, we passed the Midnight Rules Relief Act, which utilizes the Congressional Review Act, to allow Congress to review multiple midnight rules en bloc. Additionally, we now have the unique opportunity to utilize the CRA, Con-gressional Review Act, and express our disapproval for some of these harmful, burdensome regulations that hurt jobs and stunt the economy, in order to pro-tect the American people from these harmful effects. The regulatory state has been rapidly expanding in recent years for too long, and I am happy to see that Congress is taking action to reverse this destruc-tive behavior. 
f 
U.S.-MEXICO RELATIONSHIP The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. T
ENNEY ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. O’ROURKE. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.066 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H861 February 1, 2017 
and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. O’ROURKE. Madam Speaker, with the President’s recent announce-ment that through an executive action he would commit resources and na-tional attention and focus on building a wall with our neighbor to the south— Mexico—and given some of the rhetoric that we have heard over the last year in the Presidential campaigns about rapists and criminals coming from the country of Mexico, one might be con-fused, at best, or, at worst, believe that we have some kind of crisis on our bor-der with Mexico, some kind of crisis in our relationship with our closest neigh-bor, a country that has done more to benefit the United States than any other country I can imagine, a country that is the number one trading partner of the State of Texas, the third largest trading partner of the United States, our partner on security, on economic development and growth, and on other important hemispheric issues. It is important today that we take this opportunity to ensure that our colleagues in the House have the facts. And it is with those facts that we can make better decisions, informed judg-ments, and a policy that is truly going to benefit not just the U.S.-Mexico bor-der, not just border States like Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, and California, but the entire United States. Here are some facts that I would like to start with, and then I want to ensure that some of my colleagues who can bring their wisdom and experience and per-spective to this are able to do so. The first fact that we should know is that we have record low levels of northbound migration from Mexico. In fact, more Mexican nationals today are going south into Mexico than are com-ing north into the United States. We have less than zero migration from Mexico. Total northbound apprehen-sions of any people from any country coming across our southern border are also at historic lows. And if there are any surges in people or populations coming across that border, it happens to be young children and families flee-ing horrific, historic violence in the northern triangle of Central America. And those little kids, they are not try-ing to evade detection, they are not trying to climb fences, they are not trying to escape the Border Patrol. They are, in fact, turning themselves in, and presenting themselves to Bor-der Patrol agents and to Customs and Border Protection officers at our ports of entry. We should also note that we are ex-pending record amounts of U.S. tax-payer resources to secure the border— $19 billion a year this year, last year, and the years going forward—only to increase with these executive orders. We have more than doubled the size of the Border Patrol in these last 15 years from just a little under 10,000 agents to over 20,000 agents on the U.S.-Mexico border and some on the U.S.-Canada border. There has never been a terrorist, a terrorist organization, a terrorist plot, or a terrorist act connected to our bor-der with Mexico. There has been with our northern border with Canada. There has been connected to our inter-national airports. There have been homegrown radical terrorists. There has never been a case of terrorism con-nected with our border with Mexico. But just in case, and we should re-main vigilant, just in case, we have got those 20,000 Border Patrol agents, we have got thousands of Customs and Border Protection officers, we have 600 miles of fencing and physical obstruc-tions already on our border with Mex-ico, we have aerostat blimps, we have drones flying overhead, we have a con-centration of Federal law enforce-ment—DEA, FBI, among others—in-cluding one of the largest military in-stallations anywhere in the world— Fort Bliss in El Paso, Texas, with 32,000 Active Duty servicemembers. We have the security resources already that we need. I also think it is important to men-tion that El Paso, Texas, which is con-joined with Ciudad Juarez in Mexico and forms what I think is the largest true binational community in the world, certainly the largest on the U.S.-Mexico border, El Paso, Texas, is not just the safest city on the U.S.- Mexico border, it is not just the safest city in the State of Texas, it is the safest city in the United States. And it is not an outlier. If you look at other U.S. border cities, like San Diego, Cali-fornia, you will find that they are among the safest in the United States. In fact, there is a positive correlation with the number of migrants and im-migrants, documented and otherwise, in a community and that community’s relative safety. The U.S. side of the U.S.-Mexico border is far safer than the average American city deeper into the interior. These are some of the facts that we need to have at our command as we are developing policy, as we are judging the President’s recent execu-tive actions, and as we are thinking about how best to secure this country. Here is another fact that we need to keep in mind. If we are committing re-sources where they are not needed, where, for example, we don’t have ter-rorism, where we don’t have a problem with immigration, where we don’t have an issue with security, then by defini-tion we are taking those resources from where they could be best used, where we have known risks and threats, where we have real problems against which we must contend, where we are not keeping Americans as safe as they could be because we are direct-ing resources where they don’t need to be, this is something that we need to know, I think, as we make policy for this country, as we fulfill our most im-portant solemn obligation, which is the safety and security of this country and every American within it. Madam Speaker, I am very fortunate today to be joined by some outstanding colleagues. One whom I would like to introduce from the great State of New York is a new colleague, he himself an immigrant to this country. He rep-resents tens of thousands of immi-grants in his Congressional District, has already, from day one, become a leader on this issue, introducing legis-lation that provides a more rational, humane, smarter approach to some of these issues that have been blown out of proportion, politicized, mytholo-gized, and from that steering the coun-try in the wrong direction. Here is somebody who wants to get us back on track. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ). b1715 Mr. ESPAILLAT. I thank the gen-tleman from Texas. Madam Speaker, back in 1987, then- President Ronald Reagan issued one of his most famous speeches—‘‘tear down this wall’’—as he addressed then-Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev to insist that he open the barrier dividing East and West Berlin. It was, perhaps, one of the most exciting times as we watched to see, finally, if the Cold War would end. It was a moment of hope and strength and character that propelled our country to a higher regard and standard of our identity throughout the global community. Today, in stark contrast to that fa-mous speech given by President Ronald Reagan, President Trump orders the construction of a $25 billion wall that divides communities, separates fami-lies, and perpetuates fear and hate. It sets a dangerous precedent and fails to elevate our country and confidence abroad the way it was back when Presi-dent Reagan gave that famous speech. The economic ramifications will be devastating to the entire country, going as far north as New York City, because it is $25 billion or more that will be spent on building this wall that could otherwise go to other meri-torious projects. These executive actions also secure what I call insecure communities, not Secure Communities—a program that strains relationships between law en-forcement and communities along the border and throughout that region of our country. We live in a global society and are connected with countries and citizens from around the world. To build this wall not only separates the United States from our bordering country— our neighbor, Mexico, which is one of our biggest trading partners—but the wall itself sends a strong message to citizens around the world that they are not welcome here in America. The President’s wall and his anti-immi-grant agenda is a continuation of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.068 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH862 February 1, 2017 
irrational and hateful rhetoric we have witnessed from him before, and it stands contrary to who we are as Americans and to what we believe as a nation. I am proud to introduce one of my first bills in Congress, called This is Our Land, which is legislation that will prohibit this divisive wall from being erected on public lands. This is a time when we should be investing in our in-frastructure—in roads, bridges, tun-nels, airports, schools, housing—and also respecting our public lands. Build-ing President Trump’s wall would trample on our public lands and poten-tially put precious endangered species at risk and likely disrupt or destroy environmentally important ecosystems and habitats. It would also deplete pre-cious resources from our cities. We should be building a wall around Trump to stop these irrational execu-tive orders—instead of this ludicrous $25 billion wall between our closest ally. Mr. O’ROURKE. I thank the gen-tleman from New York for his com-ments—again, bringing his experience to bear and, right from the beginning, introducing legislation, not just criti-cizing or complaining, but offering an alternative. It reminds us that, if we are to spend $20 billion on building something in this country—which is the upward cost of what President Trump’s proposal would take from the American taxpayer—there are roads; there are bridges; there are tunnels. There are legitimate infrastructure needs on which we could spend that money that would put people to work, and it would be money much better spent. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ), someone who represents a part of the border that really demonstrates what is beautiful about the United States- Mexico relationship in San Diego and Tijuana. He is a fierce advocate for our shared economic development and growth, for the jobs that are connected to that, and for everything that is beautiful about the U.S.-Mexico border. Mr. PETERS. I thank Mr. O’R
OURKE  for putting together this Special Order to talk about what is really an impor-tant issue and, with all of the things going on, something that has even got a little bit lost. Madam Speaker, for the region that I represent in San Diego, the border is an economic engine—it is a job creator. Home to the Otay Mesa, San Ysidro, and Tecate ports of entry, San Diego- Baja is the busiest border crossing in the world. From life sciences to elec-tronics, San Diego is an attractive place to start a business and to manu-facture goods, in part, because of our proximity to border crossings and international trade. Last month, Mr. O’R
OURKE and other members of the Congressional Border Caucus and I held a hearing with local leaders from chambers of commerce from around our districts to discuss real pragmatic solutions and issues around the border. I was joined by Jerry Sanders, who San Diegans well know as the former mayor. He is also the former police chief of San Diego and is now the current president of the San Diego Regional Chamber of Com-merce. During that hearing, Mayor Sanders said that an efficient border is a safe border, and he knows something about safety from his time as a police chief. We also know that 99 percent of what gets screened at border crossings is safe and that there is no need to worry about its coming into the coun-try. What we need is to get more effi-cient at approving the 99 percent of safe cargo and travelers and better at stopping the 1 percent that we don’t want to come in. One of the big challenges that we faced when I first came to Congress was in border delays. We saw that delays at the border crossing were cost-ing us, at that point, $7.2 billion of eco-nomic activity in our county and 35,000 jobs annually—numbers so big that they are almost unbelievable, but those numbers came from independent as-sessments. One of the great successes I have had in Congress, in working with my col-leagues within our congressional dele-gation, is to have worked together to secure more than $500 million to finish the expansion and the improvements at the San Ysidro border crossing. We did that in working with Democrats JUAN V
ARGAS and S USAN DAVIS and with Re-publicans D
UNCAN HUNTER and D AR-
RELL ISSA because we all understood how important the United States-Mex-ico border is to our regional economy. By investing in infrastructure and in-novation in San Diego, Tijuana, and across the border, we are keeping Americans safe and supporting the ex-port of goods made in America by American workers. In San Diego and in other communities, we are embracing this forward-looking approach of op-portunity and job creation. Now President Trump wants to put us in reverse by building a wall, which we have assessed at $15 billion. I mean, I have heard estimates of its being from $18 billion to $20 billion. By any count, it is a waste of money. Let’s say, for purposes of argument, it is $15 billion. It took Congress more than a year to approve $170 million to help Flint, Michigan, recover from a crisis that has poisoned children and left an entire city without clean water—$170 million compared to $15 billion for a wall that nobody needs. We are talking about spending 100 times the money for Flint to build a wall that will do noth-ing to make us more secure, to make our children safer, or to make us more prosperous. $15 billion is exactly how much the American Society of Civil Engineers says we will need to fill the funding gap for infrastructure needs at all of our Nation’s ports for the next decade. So, if you took the money you were going to spend on this wall, you could cover all of the investment we would need at our ports around the country for the next decade. We are going to spend it on a wall. $15 billion is also three times as much money as the Federal Govern-ment spends to help the homeless every year. For the cost of this wall, we could build the Navy the 11th aircraft carrier that it needs. For 60 times less—or 1–60th—we could finish the modernization of the Otay Mesa border crossing, which is the third busiest commercial port of entry along our southern border and which facilitates $35 billion in trade every year. What are we doing here? Unlike President Trump’s wall, this investment will support long-term job creation and increase revenues and is a much more responsible way to spend American taxpayer dollars. Let’s be clear. American taxpayers are going to foot the bill for this wall, not Mexico. It is the leader of the Senate and Speaker RYAN who have committed they are going to spend $15 billion on this wall. That is American taxpayers. That is not Mexico. Instead of trying to turn his cam-paign rhetoric into policy, we would prefer that President Trump listen to those who understand what business is like at the border, to those who under-stand that border cities are safe, like El Paso, like San Diego, and that the border is an opportunity for America, not a threat. We don’t need a wall. We need to hire more Customs officers. We need newer screening technologies. We need to modernize and expand our in-frastructure at other border crossings like we are already doing at San Ysidro. That is how you would create jobs in America. That is how you would keep us safe. I thank my friend B
ETOO’ROURKE for his leadership and for his hosting this conversation today. I look forward to working with the gentleman in divert-ing this money from this silly pro-posal—this dangerous proposal—to the kinds of things and investments that our country needs from Texas to Cali-fornia. Mr. O’ROURKE. I thank the gen-tleman from California for sharing his community’s perspective and for re-minding us that, when it comes to Mexico and our shared connection with Mexico—the U.S.-Mexico border—we have much more to look forward to than we do to fear. In fact, in the State of California, there are hundreds of thousands of jobs that depend on U.S.-Mexico trade. In the State of Texas, it is just under a half a million. In fact, every single State in the Union, including Alaska, has tens—if not hundreds—of thou-sands of jobs that depend on the flow of U.S.-Mexico trade, which happens at our ports of entry and comes through at our border. There are 6 million jobs in this country, which represent hun-dreds of millions of dollars in salaries and economic growth and add-on ef-fects, that are dependent on U.S.-Mex-ico trade. When we begin to prioritize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.070 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H863 February 1, 2017 
our separation, in sealing Mexico off from the United States literally phys-ically, we deprioritize those connec-tions that make us stronger, that grow our economy, and that create more jobs in the United States. One thing that we should know, as long as we are talking about sharing facts and confronting some of these un-fortunate, untrue myths about the bor-der, is that, when we export to Mexico, of course, we win—we are building things in our factories; we are sending them to Mexico; the Mexican consumer buys them; those dollars are flowing back to the U.S. worker. It also hap-pens that, when we import from Mex-ico, we win as 40 cents of every dollar of value that we import from Mexico originates in the United States. Lit-erally, factory floor jobs in Ohio, in Iowa, in Michigan are producing things that go to Mexico and that are part of the final assembly that is reimported to the United States. We certainly make things in America today, but we make a lot of things in the United States and in Mexico con-currently. Our economies, our produc-tion platform—our future—is inex-tricably connected, and to try to break that apart is not simply going to hurt Mexico. It is going to hurt the United States. It is going to hurt the U.S. worker. It is going to hurt our econ-omy. It is going to hurt our oppor-tunity at growth. If we continue to cast Mexico as the enemy, if we threaten trade wars or to pull out of free trade agreements, if we construct a wall to try to humiliate that country at a time that it poses no security threat to the United States, the consequences are not going to be good. You may remember that I re-minded you that migration from Mex-ico over the last 4 years is less than zero. More Mexicans are going south than are coming north to the United States. If you build a wall, withdraw from our trade agreements, try to de- link our economies, where you do not have a security or an economic prob-lem today, you will in the future have one. You will give people in Mexico a reason to flee that country and to seek opportunity and jobs and connections and safety and shelter somewhere else, and that somewhere else, in many cases, is, in fact, going to be the United States. If we want to make this country safer, if we want to make this country more prosperous, if we want to protect the American worker, then the policies that this President has adopted in the first 10 days in office are precisely the wrong way to go about doing it. They will make us less secure; they will slow down this country’s economy; they will jeopardize the 6 million jobs that de-pend on U.S.-Mexico trade. If the U.S.-Mexico border is as secure as it has ever been—look at any met-ric, and you will see that I am right— if we are having record low levels of northbound migration and apprehen-sions, if we are spending record amounts, if we are using new tech-nologies, like drones, to patrol the bor-der, if we have 20,000 Border Patrol agents, which is also a record high, why is there so much concern, why is there so much interest, why is there so much anxiety, why is there so much fear built up around the border? b1730 I will tell you, this is a long time in coming. And when we say that there are real issues with where these border measures are coming from, let me give you an example of some of those. One of our colleagues, when describ-ing young Mexican immigrants coming to this country, said: Look at them. They have calves the size of canta-loupes. They are bringing drugs into this country. When you have a Presidential can-didate dismiss Mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals, despite the fact that immigrants commit crimes in this country at a much lower level than na-tive-born U.S. citizens, when you have this kind of rhetoric, when you have this kind of mischaracterization, when you have this kind of vilification of an entire people and their connection to us at the U.S.-Mexico border, then you be the judge of where these priorities are coming from and what they are about and why they in no way reflect the real concerns, threats, and issues that we have in this country today. My colleagues, the fact of the matter is Mexico presents opportunity to the United States and it always has. Whether it is the $90 billion in U.S.- Mexico trade that passed through just the points of entry in El Paso, the city I have the honor of serving in Congress, and Ciudad Juarez, the city with which it is connected, whether it is the 6 mil-lion jobs that we already have in the United States economy, whether it is our security cooperation to ensure that we are disrupting transnational crimi-nal organizations that are trying to move drugs and human chattel into this country, whether it is our work to address the real security issues in the northern triangle countries of Central America that border Mexico, we will lose a very valuable partner. We will lose those things that we want most: job growth, economic development, se-curity for the people that we represent. When we begin to humiliate that country and its leadership—and Presi-dent Pena Nieto has canceled a trip to visit the United States in just 1 week of this administration—nothing good will follow that. We cannot wall Mexico off from the United States. We cannot wish them to disappear. They will always be there, and they should always be there. And we should be grateful that they will al-ways be there because they have al-ways been a part of our history, our success, those things that are best about the United States; and, God will-ing, they will always be part of our fu-ture. I think it is going to take each and every one of us—every Republican, every Democrat, every person who doesn’t feel affiliation to a party—to stand together behind and with the facts, with the truth, with this coun-try’s best interests in mind. I am con-fident that if we do that, if we will sim-ply look at what is happening today, what has happened historically with that country, where our interests lie, we will make better policy. We will not be constructing walls between the two countries. We will, at some point—hopefully, sooner rather than later—tear down the 600 miles of fencing that already separates us. We will build more bridges that connect us, not just for trade, not just for economic growth, but for the reasons that the people I represent are so grateful for and proud of, the place that they call home, a city that, with Ciudad Juarez, forms the largest binational community in the world, where last year alone 32 mil-lion times people from El Paso and Juarez crossed into each other’s cities. Our families are on both sides of the border. Our business partners are on both sides of the border. Students at the University of Texas at El Paso, who live in Ciudad Juarez and are Mexican nationals, are granted instate tuition because we want to attract the very best and the very brightest. And we are going to find them all over the world—in the United States, certainly, but also in Mexico. I want to read to you a comment that a constituent of mine posted on our Facebook page this evening when I let my constituents know I would be on the floor talking about the border, ask-ing them to share the truth and the re-ality, their perspective versus the myth that we hear so often here in Congress, on national TV, and from those who don’t live on or understand the border. Lisa Esparza said: 
The border has been great because I grew up in Ciudad Juarez. I came to El Paso, paid for an education at a private school, learned English. I love the fact that I am binational, and I can think and speak in two languages. 
Lisa and millions of fronteriza and fronterizo border residents exemplify the best of this country, literally, of what makes America great. El Paso, for those of you who do not know, has, for more than a century, served as the Ellis Island of the West-ern Hemisphere. If you came up from Mexico or your family did—or El Sal-vador or Guatemala or Honduras or Costa Rica or Argentina—there is a good chance that you came through the ports of entry in El Paso, Texas; that your family may have, before they went on to a destination further in the United States, settled in Segundo Barrio or in Chihuahuita. This is a community where they learned our laws, our values, where they learned to speak English, where they went to school, where they not just partici-pated and believed in the American Dream, but became net contributors to it. It is one of the reasons that El Paso, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.071 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH864 February 1, 2017 
Texas, is the safest city in the United States. It is the safest city not in spite of the large number of immigrants who live in my community—and, by official counts, 24 percent of the people that I represent were born in another coun-try. It is not in spite of those people who were born in another country that El Paso is so safe. It is, in large part, because of their presence. Families made extraordinarily dif-ficult decisions to leave their home country—their home city, their fami-lies, the language they knew, the cus-toms that they loved—to come to a new country. They make sure that they follow our laws. They make sure that their kids follow our laws. They make sure that their kids are doing the right thing by this country so that they can get ahead, have an oppor-tunity and a crack at the American Dream. Not only is there nothing wrong with that, there is something profoundly great about that. It is what has helped make El Paso the safest city, a wonderful city in America, a great country. I yield to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM), someone else who understands the value of our relationship with Mex-ico, the special character of border peo-ple, and the value of immigration and immigrants. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Madam Speaker, the peo-ple who, in fact, know the border issues the best—whether it is companies or lawmakers, both Republicans and Democrats, border communities, trade groups, economists, and law enforce-ment officials—all agree that building a wall is unnecessary, impractical, in-effective, and it is a complete waste of time and taxpayer money. This wall, in fact, damages New Mexico’s economy, and that is without taking into account President Trump’s idea to now impose a 20 percent tax on Mexican imports to pay for it. In the end, we know that it is American jobs, American consumers, and American companies that will be hurt. Given that the United States already maintains approximately 650 miles of border fence, drones, cameras, motion detectors, thermal imaging sensors, ground sensors, and 21,370 Border Pa-trol agents, the wall is completely un-necessary for the stakeholders who are, in fact, most impacted. The only per-son it truly benefits is President Trump by furthering his isolationist, divisive, and anti-immigrant agenda. I agree that this country should be building, and I agree with my colleague from El Paso, Mr. O’R
OURKE , that there is a wonderful thing, an incredible thing about building bridges, building highways, building buildings, and re-focusing our energy on making sure that everyone has a fair shot and that we are looking at those economic val-ues and those economic indicators. That is not what we are doing here. We are diverting our attention for an un-necessary, huge, colossal mistake that hurts the progress that border commu-nities and border States have made. Mr. O’ROURKE. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New Mex-ico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ) for bringing her State’s experience and perspective to bear on this issue and for being a champion for the best in our traditions and our values. I would like to build on the gentle-woman’s remarks and talk about one of the consequences of building walls. I have already made the case that the border is as secure as it has ever been. Those who study and understand secu-rity issues have come to the conclusion that extra miles of wall don’t deter mi-grants. The lower levels of migration that we have seen to this country have a lot more to do with the U.S. economy and its struggling performance in the im-mediate aftermath of the Great Reces-sion and throughout that road to re-covery and, relatively speaking, the performance in other countries, includ-ing Mexico, that has afforded Mexican nationals more opportunity to stay there. The border is as secure as it has ever been. We have recently doubled the size of the Border Patrol. We are using the latest and greatest technology to re-main as vigilant as possible, which we should. It is also important to know the character and quality of the Border Pa-trol agents and Customs and Border Protection officers who man the line, who are at our ports, and who have one of the most difficult, dangerous jobs that anyone has in the Federal Govern-ment. The conditions in which they work, the situations which they must anticipate, the constant vigilance that they must maintain, and the kind of threats that they have to be aware of— which include drug smuggling, which is critically important to stop; which in-clude human smuggling, which we must deter and stop; and which in-cludes, even though there has never been a terrorist or terrorist act con-nected to the U.S.-Mexican border, in-cludes the possibility that sometime that might happen—those men and women are literally on the front line protecting this community. I would like to see some of the $14 billion to $20 billion proposed for the construction of a wall put behind our Border Patrol agents to improve their salaries, their working conditions, and the ability for them to do their job and to keep us safe. I would like to hire more Customs and Border Protection officers, the men and women in blue at our ports of entry who facilitate legitimate trade and travel at our ports of entry. They are the ones who help to keep this economy humming while keeping us safer. Madam Speaker, one of the con-sequences, though, of building walls, while it doesn’t make us safer and while it uses a lot of resources that could be better put toward other more legitimate security challenges, it does do one thing that I want all of us to know about. It does ensure that mi-grants coming to this country will un-necessarily suffer, and many will die. In the same time where we have gone from 1.6 million apprehensions a year— that was the year 2000, 1.6 million ap-prehensions on our southern border—to last year, when there were just a little over 400,000, so a quarter of the level that we had 15, 16 years ago, in that same time that we have had record low levels of migration, we have main-tained record high levels of migrant deaths. So those few migrants who do try to cross in between our ports of entry and do encounter physical bar-riers are going to more remote sections of the border. They are dying of thirst. They are dying of exposure. These are otherwise preventable deaths. So I ask you to think about it this way. Whether you are looking at the moral dimension of this—the otherwise preventable deaths, the effort to hu-miliate our closest partner in the coun-try, of Mexico—whether you look at the economic dimension of this, if you want to protect those 6 million jobs that depend on a strong U.S.-Mexico connection, whether you look at the security dimension and taking our eye off the ball when it comes to real threats, proven threats that we have in this country at our international air-ports, at our northern border with Can-ada or increasingly homegrown radi-cals in the United States radicalized over the internet, if you want to re-move resources from those real threats, then go ahead and build a wall if it makes you feel good. But it is going to make us less safe, it is going to make us less economically secure, and it is going to be to our lasting shame. It will haunt us, and it will haunt us for generations for anyone who supports this or does not stand up and speak against it. I would like to leave you with two anecdotes that I think exemplify the beauty, the strength, and the safety of the border. The first is a story of an event that took place this weekend in El Paso and Ciudad Juarez, where we are joined by the Rio Grande River channel. Right now, all that water is stored up at the Elephant Butte Res-ervoir in New Mexico. Really, there is just a little trickle in the river channel not more than a couple of inches deep. Thanks to the Border Network for Human Rights and thanks to the Bor-der Patrol who allowed this, they were able to organize 300 families from Mex-ico and El Paso who were allowed to meet—one family at a time—in the middle of that river channel, both sides clearly identified so there would not be any security or immigration issues. b1745 And those families got to spend a total of 3 minutes together, families who, in some cases, had not seen each other for decades. A young woman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.073 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H865 February 1, 2017 
posted on Facebook that she drove down from Oklahoma City to see her dad who she had not seen in 10 years. You had folks meeting grandchildren they had never seen before, sons or daughters-in-law that they had never seen before, weeping, crying, laughing, hugging, holding, kissing for 3 minutes. That, to me, is absolutely beautiful. That, to me, is family values. That, to me, shows you the extent to which peo-ple will try to be together, to be with each other, to do the things that per-haps you and I, as U.S. citizens, take for granted. And that happened in El Paso, Texas, thanks to the Border Net-work for Human Rights, thanks also to the men and women in the Border Pa-trol. It didn’t compromise our security. It didn’t add any new immigrants to this country. It was just doing our best under the current conditions. The other anecdote that I would like to share with you, and which I will close on, involves another outstanding organization in the community that I have the honor to serve, Annunciation House, led by Ruben Garcia, who— when we faced unprecedented numbers of young children and young families, young moms in their teens and twenties, coming up from Honduras and Guatemala and El Salvador, which have become the deadliest countries, not just in Central America, not just in the Western Hemisphere, but in the world, the deadliest countries in the world; kids being murdered and raped and sold into slavery. Those kids fleeing that horrific bru-tality and violence, coming up the length of Mexico, sometimes riding on top of a train known as la bestia, or the beast, to come and present them-selves at our border, not evade detec-tion, not try and escape, not try to do anything against the law; literally, as the law proscribes, presenting them-selves at our points of entry to a Bor-der Patrol agent, or a Customs and Border Protection officer, and asking for help and for shelter, depending on the best traditions inscribed on the Statue of Liberty, counting on the United States in their moment of need. Well, the Border Patrol were out-standing. The agents themselves, out of their own pockets often, were buying toys and gifts for these young children, taking care of them, having their hearts broken, doing their best to serve them. Agents who work for ICE and immigration were doing their best as well. As that flow of people, the number of people became too many temporarily for us to hold and to process, they got in touch with Ruben Garcia at Annun-ciation House, which is a charity oper-ated in El Paso, Texas. And Ruben took those asylum seekers, those refu-gees, and housed them, clothed them, fed them, insured they had showers and medication and a visit with a doctor, the ability to talk to their families deeper in the interior of the United States and, most importantly, espe-cially for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, had a full and com-plete understanding of their legal obli-gations under U.S. law, what they were allowed and not allowed to do, what their court expectations were, and that they must appear in court, and that their issue must be adjudicated, and that they may or may not be able to stay in this country. Annunciation House, Ruben Garcia, the volunteers who work for him, and hundreds of other El Pasoans who con-tributed did this at not a penny’s cost to the Federal taxpayer or to our gov-ernment. So $20 billion to build a wall or An-nunciation House taking care of refu-gees, asylum seekers, little kids who need our help for free? That is the border. That is the best of us. That is the best of this country. That is what we need to think about. Those are the folks we need to listen to. Those are the facts we need to un-derstand before we even contemplate building a wall, separating ourselves from Mexico, giving in to the nativist sentiment and instinct that was so proudly on display during this Presi-dential election. I think if we look at the facts, if we take the best from the border, we are going to get the best policy and the best outcome from the United States. And after all, isn’t that why we were all sent here? Isn’t that what we are supposed to do when our voters sent us here to do the work of the American people? Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
CONDITIONS AT THE SOUTHERN BORDER OF THE UNITED STATES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KING of Iowa. Madam Speaker, it is my honor to address you here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives. And I came here to the floor with a bit different topic in mind, but as I listened to the gen-tleman from Texas, I thought it would be a good idea, while there still was a captive audience on the topic, to re-fresh some things with perhaps a bit different perspective. And that would be that, from my time and experience, I have traveled most every mile of the southern bor-der, that would be 2,000, all together. I think it would be true that I have trav-eled every mile of California and Ari-zona and New Mexico, and most all the miles in Texas. I have flown a lot of it. I have driven a lot of it. I have been out on the water on some of it. And I have spent some nights down on the border, a number of them in some of the dangerous crossings, like San Miguel’s crossing on the Tohono O’odham Reservation. It is one of those without any night vision and without what we would call official security. So when I hear that the border is as secure as it has ever been and that there is no security threat to the U.S., which is what we have just heard here in this previous hour, Madam Speaker, I absolutely don’t agree with that. And if there is no terrorism that is any factor at all, that there has never been a terrorist attack on the southern border, I would point the gentleman to the five heads that were lined up on the Mexican side of the fence across from the people that were driving to church in New Mexico a few years ago. I think those children that looked out the win-dows of their cars as they were getting a ride to church were victims of the terror that was created by heads stacked along the side of the highway within feet of our U.S. border. As I spend time with the Border Pa-trol agents that have made a career out of protecting our border down there, they tell me that there are mur-ders on the Mexican side of the border, where they just throw the body over the fence on to the U.S. side; and other cases where they identify bodies on the Mexican side of the border, and they will call the Mexican security people, whom they have good relations with, as a rule, and they will see the equiva-lent of an S–10 pickup pull up and just throw the body in the back of the pick-up and drive away, with zero forensics and very little attempt to identify who the perpetrators might be that have committed these murders there so close to the border. I have made surprise visits down to the border on a number of occasions, and I make it a point to drop in and see what is going on and talk to the people that are there protecting and guarding our border. I recall one of those visits down to Sasabe, Arizona, at a relatively rural crossing there. I pulled into that port of entry and port of exit for us, and I got out and I decided on the spot that, well, I should let them know who I am for reasons of courtesy, and so I intro-duced myself. Madam Speaker, I said: I’m Congress-man S
TEVE KINGfrom Iowa. That agent immediately said: I can’t talk to you. And he turned and walked away. And so I went to the next agent and I introduced myself: I’m S
TEVE KING from Iowa. And he said: I can’t talk to you, but talk to Mike. Mike is the supervisor here tonight, and he’s ready to retire, and he has terminal cancer. He will talk to you. And I went and spoke to Mike. The gentleman’s name is Mike Crane. It was Mike Crane. He did have terminal cancer. That is verified. And he has since passed away. But as we were speaking about the difficulties in securing the border and the illegal crossings, both one east and one west of the crossing at Sasabe, he got a phone call, and he said, Excuse me, and stepped away, and he was gone for a couple of minutes outside the cir-cle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.076 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH866 February 1, 2017 
He came back in and he said: There’s been a knifing on the Mexican side of the border, and so there will be an am-bulance coming through this border and this crossing in a few minutes. And I’ve called in U.S. ambulances with ox-ygen on them, and I’ve called in a heli-copter to fly this victim out and to the Tucson University Hospital. So we waited there for a few minutes. The Mexican ambulance came across the crossing. I did have an EMT with me and I asked him to do what he could to lend a hand to help save this victim’s life, so he was in the middle of that process. In the Mexican ambulance there was only one glove—just one glove—and a roll of gauze and nothing else, no oxy-gen, no medical equipment. It was an ambulance as far as the shell of it was concerned, and the painting on the out-side said ‘‘ambulance,’’ but inside, it was just the same thing as an old home bread truck. So they took him out of that Mexi-can ambulance. The U.S. ambulances had arrived fairly close to that period of time and they put him on oxygen and stabilized him, and then we loaded him off on to a helicopter and flew him up to Tucson University Hospital. I went to Tucson that night, and the next morning I went to Tucson Univer-sity Hospital and, essentially, talked my way in to visit this victim that had been stabbed in the liver with a knife or a shiv that was—I just recall it was 3
1⁄2inches wide at the hilt. That was the width of the wound in him. I went to the room that he was in and they said: Okay, here he is behind this curtain. It was a two-patient room. When I walked behind the curtain, the indi-vidual there who had been knifed the night before was not the one that I had seen and been part of taking care of at Sasabe. It was a different victim that had been wounded under the same cir-cumstances, probably a different loca-tion in a different fight and brought into Tucson University Hospital to be stabilized. As I was, I will say, looking at the situation, the patient whom I knew had been wounded the night before was rolled down the hallway in a wheel-chair. He had been stabilized. He looked a lot better. We didn’t know if he was going to live. So then I assessed the situation and, Madam Speaker, I then met with the chief financial officer of the Tucson University Hospital and other leaders there in the hospital and collected a whole series of narratives about the cost of the medical care that has been assumed by the United States, even from people who have injuries in a for-eign country. This cost on this particular incident was $30,000 to bring the wounded Mexi-can into the United States—parole him into the United States is the legal term that we use—and then to send him back to Mexico once he was stabilized. And they had to post an agent with him to guard him during that period of time. Now, I am not here on the floor to-night taking a position on whether that is right or wrong. From a moral standpoint, it is right. But we should be aware of what is going on. This is not a stable border. It is not a safe bor-der. I have sat on the border at the other crossing in Tohono O’odham Reserva-tion, San Miguel crossing, and there, throughout the night, I heard vehicles coming through the mesquite brush, and you can listen and hear the doors open. You hear the individuals get out and drop their packs on the ground. They will close the door and you can hear them talking and whispering to each other; pick their packs up and walk off through the brush. I sat there and tried to count the shadows, and I won’t give you those numbers because none of us are sure what we see when it is pitch black out, but I know what I heard. And we count-ed a good number of people that were delivered down there to that crossing who came through the fence, which it would be rare for that to hold an old cow as they walk a four-barbed wire fence with the barbs pushed down where they have been continually crossing in the path through there, you can easily see. When the gentleman from El Paso tells us that we are down to the low crossing level of kind of a modern his-tory lowest crossing level of roughly 400,000 people last year, compared to not quite 1.6 million in the year 2000, I would point out that we count those who we can count, those who we see and those who we willingly see. If we are not looking for them, if we are not guarding the portion of the bor-der that they are pouring through, and we say we have counted 400,000 at-tempts coming into the United States, that doesn’t mean that there are only 400,000 attempts; that only means we counted 400,000. The same goes with the interdiction of roughly 1.6 million. They were more aggressive then. And I will say that Bill Clinton was successful in inter-dicting more border crossing attempts than any other President. I don’t know that that was his goal or his objective, but I believe that was the statistical results. To that extent, Madam Speaker, I don’t disagree with the gentleman from Texas. And I agree that the border crossings have slowed down. Ten years ago they were greater than they are today, but it is not logical, in fact, it is not rational to assert that the border is as secure as it has ever been. Neither is it logical or rational to say that it is no security threat. In the times that I have been on the border, I have encountered the inci-dents of seven different persons of in-terest from nations of interest. That is our vernacular that we use when we see people that are coming from—I will call them—terrorist-spawning states. If an Iranian or an Iraqi or a Yemeni shows up at the southern border and they are interdicted by our Border Pa-trol, they are then placed into the hands of the FBI. At the moment that that happens, it becomes a classified incident. I doubt if the gentleman from El Paso encounters this. I am down there for the purpose of hearing some of those things, one of the purposes. And I have seven of them that I have logged in my time that I have been down there. And if there have been seven in-cidents of persons of interest from na-tions of interest, and I am only going to learn about that in that window be-tween the time they are interdicted and the time that they are taken into the custody of the FBI. b1800 So how many hundreds are there and perhaps more that are terrorists that are crossing into the United States? We know the easiest way to get into the United States illegally is to cross our southern border. So these assertions that we don’t have a border security problem and that it is not a security threat are false. Their idea is that we should just simply leave the border open. I heard hire more agents not to se-cure the border, but to facilitate cross-ing through legal crossings. I think there are some things we can and should be doing with facilitating legal crossings to and from the United States of America. I don’t disagree with the full breadth of that statement, Mr. Speaker, but the facts are 80 to 90 percent of the ille-gal drugs consumed in America come from or through Mexico—80 to 90 per-cent. It is more than a $60 billion an-nual business pouring into the United States. Out of that $60 billion worth of drugs, a lot of that is laundered in the United States and brought back into Mexico and points south down toward— and for cocaine, for example, from Co-lombia. We saw a big bust of Colombian cocaine that was smuggled into the nose of an airplane that was found by the maintenance crew when they di-verted the plane for maintenance. But 80 to 90 percent of the illegal drugs come from or through Mexico. It is an American problem. It is a de-mand we have on the streets of Amer-ica for more than $60 billion of illegal drugs that kill thousands of our citi-zens. We have seen the addiction. We have seen the heroin addictions that have emerged in the United States and become part of the news in the last few years, but the people who die from overdoses of drugs has accelerated to more than die because of car accidents in the United States. Now, that is alarming when you con-sider most all of us travel in cars in this country. Not a very big percentage of us are addicted to drugs, but it is a very high percentage of those who are drug addicted that are dying because of the drugs they are getting and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.077 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H867 February 1, 2017 
overdoses and the bad drugs that they are getting, and we need to shut that down and shut that off. It isn’t a final solution, I would agree, because, Mr. Speaker, there are two sides to this equation. One of them is that we need to address the supply of drugs, the transport of illegal drugs into the United States and the delivery of them in the United States to their retail destination. But the other side is we need to shut down the demand on those illegal drugs. That is a topic that this Congress has not taken up in the time that I have been here. I have stood here on this floor a number of times and discussed the need for us to shut down the demand for illegal drugs. Mr. Speaker, I will set that compo-nent aside for a moment and acknowl-edge that part of this problem is the United States’ demand for illegal drugs. The deaths in the United States aren’t solely the responsibility of the drug dealers. It also is the responsi-bility of our society to restigmatize il-legal drug use and abuse and to clean up our society using a number of tools that we haven’t yet developed: the will in our society to address the drug con-sumption problem in America. Nonetheless, we have developed the will, I believe, especially with the elec-tion of Donald Trump, to address the illegal drug supply coming into Amer-ica and to shut off the smuggling of drugs into the United States. So when I hear from the gentleman from El Paso that he wants open bor-ders and he thinks walls and fences in-sult people and they damage the rela-tionships between us and Mexico, what about 100,000 dead Mexicans that die in the drug wars? Doesn’t that damage our relationship between the United States and Mexico far more than the size of a wall that would probably save tens of thousands of Mexican lives by drawing a line, creating a barrier, and keeping the illegal drugs on the south side of that border away from the $60 billion-plus demand in the United States? I think that damages our rela-tionship a lot more if we continue to allow that to happen. The flow of illegal drugs flows this way into the United States. This is from the Drug Enforcement Agency. I said to them that I want to know about the drug distribution in America, who controls it. I know the answer, but I asked the question so I have got their response. It is the Mexican drug cartels that control almost all of the illegal drug distribution in the United States of America. They are the cartels that op-erate in every major city, that control the illegal drug supply in nearly every major city; and if there is a significant exception, it is the southern tip of Florida—Miami—where more of those drugs come out of South America, across, through Haiti, and are smug-gled into the United States. A lot by boat come through the Caribbean and into Miami and points along Key West. That is more a Haitian connection, South American connection, and to some degree a Cuban connection. But the balance of illegal drugs distributed in America are done so by the Mexican drug cartels. I asked the Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, I said to them: What would be the result of the illegal drug distribution chains in America if, magically, every-one who is illegally in America woke up in their home country tomorrow morning, what would that do to the il-legal drug distribution system in the country? Their answer is: It would sever at least one link in every dis-tribution chain of illegal drugs in America, at least one, and in many cases every link of that chain of dis-tribution of illegal drugs. In other words, for a brief time, if that magical miracle thing happened that everybody woke up in their home country, say, tomorrow morning, there would be an instantaneous suspension of the transfer of illegal drugs through that chain into America and into the hands of the users, where tens of thou-sands are dying because of the drug abuse that they are committing. That is how bad this drug stream is in Amer-ica. I cannot be convinced that it is not a national security problem. I can’t be convinced that it is not a social prob-lem, a law enforcement problem, a criminal problem, and an economic problem. We are allowing these crimes against the humanity of the United States and turning a deaf ear—a deaf ear—because we don’t want to speak about how bad this is because some-body over on that side will start call-ing names again. Well, I don’t think I ever got up in the morning without a bunch of them calling me names before I ever got up—no matter how early— and I am immune to that, but I think we need to speak the truth. With regard to the offensiveness of fences and walls, and having traveled almost all of this border and examined it for the prospects of the need to build a fence, a wall, and a fence on our southern border, I would recount, Mr. Speaker, to you what I saw from the helicopter over El Paso. The gentleman spoke and said that El Paso is the safest city in America. I have to check the data on that, but I do recall that El Paso is unusually safe in comparison to the other border cit-ies between Texas and Mexico or even between New Mexico, Arizona, Cali-fornia and Mexico. Why would El Paso be an unusually safe city if it sits on the border in the fashion that it does? And it does. The gentleman from El Paso re-counted that it is because they get along with each other and because they have 25 percent immigrants in his con-stituent population, and somehow they have reached this balance of comity that they get along and so they don’t commit crimes against each other. I didn’t hear him address the drug prob-lem at all. He may have and I missed it. But I will submit that is not the rea-son why the crime rate is low in El Paso. Anybody who would like to fly over the border and take a look at that in El Paso can see why the crime rate is low. I recall President Obama going down there and standing within about a mile of the border a few years ago and making remarks. He said that some people want to build a wall on the border, some want to build a fence, some want to build a moat, and some way want to put alligators in it. That was President Obama’s statement. He was standing there, by the way, facing north with his back to the border. Not very far away is a fence, a canal, an-other fence, a security road, the Rio Grande river, another fence, another security road, and another fence. So if you have to get through all those fences and two bodies of water that were flowing—when I looked at it—at a pretty brisk pace, and I know it slows down during the low season, that would be the reason they don’t have a lot of illegal activity in El Paso because they have probably the best se-curity structures that we have between us and Mexico. It is a testimony to why we need to build a fence, a wall, and a fence. It is not a testimony as to why we don’t, but a testimony as to why we do. If anybody wanted to look, and look at this objectively, perhaps the gen-tleman from El Paso would show us the crime data on what the crimes were in El Paso before they built the fence, the canal, the road, the fence, the river, the road, and the fence. It is pretty hard to get through that. You have got to be able to climb, swim, and maybe burrow underneath one or two, and then you have got the traffic, the secu-rity traffic that travels inside of that. The Border Patrol has that traveled with their white with green striped ve-hicles there. This is a secure barrier between El Paso and Mexico, and it has kept El Paso safer than other border cities. I believe you will find, if you look at the years before the security was built, that the crime rate was higher than it is today in El Paso. So if we want to really do this from an analytical perspective, perhaps we could extrapolate some of those num-bers and project that kind of security to, oh, Laredo, for example, McAllen, Brownsville, and maybe San Diego, which already has better crime rates now after they built their barriers across Smuggler’s Gulch. Everybody who has a fence admits they are safer than before they had one. There is another tragedy, Mr. Speak-er, that I recall the gentleman speak-ing to. He said that we should tear down the 600 miles of barrier that we have. Well, it is the opposite. We need to build them up. But, in any case, he said that those who study walls say they don’t deter illegal traffic coming across them. Indeed. I wonder if the gentleman studied what was going on in Israel, the fenc-ing that they built in Israel, and if he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.079 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH868 February 1, 2017 
happened to even notice the tweet that came out from Prime Minister Netanyahu just a couple days ago. He said that they built a barrier to protect them in Israel, and it is nearly 100 per-cent effective. Their lives depend upon it. So they built an effective barrier, Mr. Speaker. Anyone who is watching history knows this. I hear the other side refer to a wall that we will build on the Mexican bor-der as they compare it to the Berlin Wall. I wonder if they know enough about history to relate any other walls that have been built in history. Not quite a year ago, we had Victor Davis Hanson, one of my top two favor-ite authors in the country and one of the deepest, most thoughtful, well- read, and prolific writers of history that goes far back to the Greek Peloponnesian era and beyond. He has a terrific understanding of the history of the globe and how it unfolded, espe-cially to Western civilization and came to us. I said: Mr. Hanson, I would like to know, I can think of the Berlin Wall as a wall that was built to keep people in. It was built by Communists to keep people in. Can you think of another wall in history that was built to keep people in? I look across the history that I know, the rest of the walls were built to keep people out. Victor Davis Hanson thought for a little while. He said: Well, one could note the wall, the fence, the barrier between North and South Korea is at least in part built to keep people in North Korea. I don’t disagree with that. It is just another case where Communists had to lock their people up to keep them from freedom. So I would challenge anyone who is listening, Mr. Speaker, dig through your history books, Google this to the end of the Earth if you like. I would like to know if there is another exam-ple of a fence or a wall that has been built by a nation-state on its borders that is built for the purpose of keeping people in—other than Berlin and the barrier between North and South Korea. In both cases, it was keeping Com-munists locked in a Communist nation and keeping them from accessing the God-given liberty and freedom that we enjoy here in this country. The rest of the walls throughout history, including the Great Wall of China, were built to keep people out. The examples of that, in the Great Wall of China, would be that the seg-ments of the Great Wall of China were built by different emperors. In fact, they were not a unified China during those years. I am going back several hundred years before Christ. Different emperors built different segments of the wall. They built them because they concluded the Mongols were coming down from the north and were raiding the Chinese. The Chinese decided they didn’t want to be the subject of those raids any longer. When you are not defended like that, you have a couple of choices. One, of course, is to submit and be killed, and that is not an option for the survivors at least. Another is you can run raids up into the Mongolian area and provide them a punishing deterrent to ever coming back into China again. A third alternative was to build the Great Wall of China. They built it in segments. It had gaps in between it. By about 245 B.C., the first emperor of China, the unifier of China, Qin Shi Huang, decided to con-nect all of these segments of the Great Wall of China, so we have got one con-tinuous wall. You could pull a chariot on top of it, it was so big and so well built. That wall—we believed up until the last few years—was 5,500 miles long, at least 2
1⁄2times as long as we need to build on the Mexican border. He connected that together. I am sure he had cheap labor. I don’t have any doubt about that. They may have worked for free and board and room, but they connected the great walls of China. Their emperor, Qin Shi Huang, established the continuity of that wall that now, by satellite, Chinese sci-entists have identified it as it really was—13,000 miles long. b1815 That is 13,000 miles. We need to build a dinky, little 2,000-mile wall here—a fence, a wall, and a fence—and people say it is too expensive. It doesn’t cash flow. We can’t possibly do that. It is too hard. There are mountains on the border. There are complications. There are little toads that need to jump across the border. There are long-nosed bats that get confused if they have to fly over the top of it. There are these little species out here that we should worry about. And we have got an In-dian reservation that spans both sides of that border. That is Tohono O’Odham. All of these complications right away would be too expensive. The woe-is-me people come out. They have been man-ufacturing all these reasons why it doesn’t make sense to build a fence, a wall, and a fence on the southern bor-der, creating every kind of difficulty that you can imagine. I will just tell you, Mr. Speaker, in my lifetime, I started a construction company in 1975. We are in the business of earthmoving and structural concrete work. We do underground utilities of all kinds. We know pretty well what it takes to do a job. We bid jobs nearly every week, and we are out there with, let’s say, two underground utility crews, a farm drainage crew, and an earthmoving crew, mix and match, according to the needs of the job we are doing. Throughout the last more than 10 years, I have drawn up a design that I think is the most effective way to build a wall on the southern border, one that is cheap and effective and that will stand and last a long time with very low and very little maintenance. I will just briefly describe that for the R
ECORD , Mr. Speaker. We have an ability to slip formed concrete. A lot of the curbs and gutters that you see around on our streets aren’t forms that are set up and poured any longer with a concrete worker with a board pulling that up on the edge of that 2-by-12 on the back. Instead, it is slip form, where you simply drive the machine along, it scrapes the concrete off, and you pour it with a low enough slump that it will stand in the mold that you leave it in. I propose that we go in and trench that 5 or 6 feet deep, and as we do so with the trencher, we pull the slip form along with that. Pour the trench full of concrete, 5 to 6 feet deep, so it is hard to dig under it, and it also becomes a wall that stabilizes the vertical sec-tions that will go up above the Earth, and leave a slot in there so we can drop in precast panels. When that is done, you have got a footing that is 3 to 4 feet wide. It has got a notch in it that drops down a foot or 18 inches that has a 6- or 7-inch gap to receive the precast concrete panels. The precast concrete panels are poured pretty much on site, where they don’t have to be moved very much. As you do that, you move along and pour the concrete panels. When they are cured, you just take a crane or an exca-vator and pick them up one at a time to drop them into the slot. Drop the next one into a slot. They are tongue and groove. You lay that all out along the border. And yes, you have to tie it in so that it doesn’t tip on you vertically. You have to engi-neer it. The strongest force on that wall isn’t going to be people trying to get through or over it, it is the wind force on the full face of the wall that you have to design for. We can do all of that, and it is sim-ple. Then, with that kind of a pace, even the crews that we have today in our little, old construction company— and I will say for the record, Mr. Speaker, I am not proposing that King Construction build this, but I am as-serting that it is not expensive, it is not complicated, and many companies in America have the full capability of building a good wall on the border that will stand for a long time. But, in any case, we slip form that footing founda-tion with the open slot in it, and then we drop the precast panels in. They can be whatever height the President of the United States would like. If he wants a 12-foot wall, we can build that, and I can price that out and put an estimate in place. As I mentioned to the Secretary the other day, we are not proposing that we build it for the price I put into his hands, but if you call my bluff, we will. His answer was: Well, will you build 10 miles? I said: No, we want a thousand miles. That is how good I think my esti-mate is. Our word would be good. But we will find cheaper bids out there if we put this together right. So we can put this together for substantially less 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.080 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H869 February 1, 2017 
than I am hearing from this gen-tleman. I don’t know where he is get-ting his numbers. Mine are real. We cranked them out in the sophisticated software bidding package that King Construction uses for multiple jobs that are going on. Every week, we are bidding some kind of jobs. When I stood on the floor here 10 years ago and said that we will build a wall with a 5-foot foundation in it, a slot in it, and precast panels, a func-tional 12-foot height, 6-inch wide con-crete with wire on top, and we can do that for $1.3 million a mile. That is for the foundation, the wall only. That is not for right-of-way acquisition, that is not for maintenance roads, that is not for all the bells and whistles that we need, or for the fence on either side that I believe we need, but that is what the wall would cost—roughly in the area of $1.3 million a mile. If that doesn’t sound plausible, Mr. Speaker, I will put this in a perspective for everybody that is listening here. We are just finishing up, and will here, I guess, a year from this fall, almost 300 miles of highway across the middle of Iowa through expensive cornfields. It is interstate-equivalent. It is four lanes. It is all built with the medians and the ditches. When you look at an interstate high-way, first, you have to by the right-of- way. Then you have to do the environ-mental and archeological tests. Then you do the engineering. Then you have the contracts. Then you have to do the clearing and grubbing. You strip the topsoil, stockpile it, move the Earth, and then when that is done, you go in and put in any subgrade that you have got. Then you pave, then you shoulder it. Then you seed it. While all this is going on, then you paint the stripes on it, put the signs up, and you put a fence on either side of that. Then you cut the ribbon, and it is open to traffic. You are hearing people talk about a $20 or $30 billion project to build a 2,000-mile wall on the southern border. I will submit, Mr. Speaker, this: we built that highway through the center of Iowa for roughly 300 miles for an av-erage cost of something slightly less than $4 million a mile. That is buying the right-of-way going through Iowa cornfields, not the desert, and that is all of the engineering, the earthmoving, the paving for our high-way strength structure. Can anybody think that, at $4 mil-lion a mile to build an interstate, you can’t build a fence for about $1.3? I will tell you that, in the $2 million a mile category, we will have a fence, a wall, and a fence on 80 percent of that south-ern border. And there will be maybe 20 percent of that, and probably not more than 20 percent of that, that is tougher than that, and that is rock and it is moun-tain. Some of it is semivertical. What I have long said is: Let’s build that fence, the wall, and the fence until they stop going around the end. You don’t have to commit to a thou-sand-mile barrier right away and build it out into the Gulf at the Rio Grande and the Gulf of Mexico where the Rio Grande dumps in or run it into the Pa-cific Ocean in San Diego, although those are probably good places to have it. You build it until they stop going around the end. If you build it into the mountain and the stone and they decide it is too hard to travel all that way and climb those mountains, you don’t need to build it any further. But when they start going around the end, then you build it. We can build right over the top of the mountains, if we need to. We can put that foundation in there and drop the panels in right up nearly vertical face, if we need to. It is a lot more design and is expensive. Or, we can build the wall around the base of the mountain, where it makes more sense to do that. In some places, we probably won’t need to build one for a long time, if ever, but let’s build it where it’s cheap and fast and where there is a lot of traffic. Let’s shut it all off, Mr. Speak-er, and let’s do so for a cheap and eco-nomic price of a good concrete wall that will last for a century or more standing there with very little mainte-nance. And yes, I think we should have vi-bration sensors, and I think we ought to have infrared where we need it. I think we ought to have cameras where it makes sense. We need people to pa-trol that. That all goes with the pack-age. I will say, as I said to President Trump more than a month ago, we build the wall until they stop going around the end. This is the centerpiece of our border security. And then all of the other things we do with sensors and lights and sensing wire on top of the wall, all of that are accessories to the centerpiece, which is the concrete wall. Donald Trump never said a fence. I am going to build you a fence. He said wall. Some of his people, usually it is the ones that come from more to the left of the Republican center than those who come from the right of the Republican center, will say: Well, he really meant virtual. He didn’t really mean that we are going to build a wall. It might be a fence, or there might be places where we don’t really need to do anything. You will hear all of that. They are saying that because they never believed in border security. If you remember, Mr. Speaker, there was a document that was put out shortly after the election in 2012, in November of 2012, called the autopsy report. That autopsy report gave an as-signment to Republicans that said you have to do outreach to certain groups of people, and you have to play iden-tity politics. Don’t be caught pan-dering, but play identity politics, and we shouldn’t be securing the border be-cause that offends people that want to cross it legally. That was the message that was driv-en out of there. It wasn’t based on poll-ing and data and statistics—at least not the data that I watched. Instead, it was a product of the party itself. I bring this up not to turn any heat up on anyone but to illustrate that the very election of Donald Trump as President of the United States refutes that autopsy report received in 2012. It says that all people want to live in a lawful society, except for the people who are breaking the law. We want to live in a lawful society. We want a peaceful society. We don’t want violence. We don’t want drugs. We don’t want heads lined up on the border. We don’t want to have the kind of slaughter over drug wars in the United States that has been taking place in Mexico far too many years. When they report 100,000 people killed over the last decade or so in the drug wars in Mexico, and, by the way, the $60-plus billion of drugs a year that come into America, there is also that same amount of money that is wired back to Mexico. That is either laundered drug money or the fruit of the wages of people who are working in America sending their wages out of the United States. That is not necessarily an economic boon for us when you see $60 billion worth of drugs ruining the lives of American drug addicts and $60 billion worth of wages or drug money going back to funnel into and fuel the econ-omy of Mexico. That is stupid for the United States of America to accept that kind of transfer of a massive transfer of wealth and that destruction of our own people. As bad as it is, 100,000 Mexicans killed in the drugs wars over the last decade or perhaps a little less than that, many more Americans have died because of drug overdoses in that pe-riod of time. And do we shed a tear for them? We should. And there are others we should shed a tear for, Mr. Speaker. There are others like Kate Steinle, a beautiful brown-haired, blue-eyed, 32- year-old lady out with her father along the wharf in San Francisco. If I can re-member his name—Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez is his name—was de-ported at least five times from the United States for committing felonies. And what did he do? He came back into the United States, and he went to a sanctuary city, San Francisco, that had put out the beacon in the advise-ment that said: Come to our city. We will protect you. We will not let Fed-eral immigration officials disturb your life here. We have hearts for people who are criminals, who are felons vio-lating American laws with impunity being deported and coming back into America. So he is living in a sanctuary city in San Francisco. He shot Kate Steinle in the back, and she fell and died in her father’s arms, this beautiful young lady. When I saw that story, when it came up on my Twitter account that day, I looked at that and re-tweeted the story with a quote that said: This will make you cry, too. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.082 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH870 February 1, 2017 
Just sitting alone, reading my email, when I saw that story, it made me cry, Mr. Speaker, because I know that Kate Steinle is not 1 of the 124 who her fa-ther, Jim Steinle, spoke of when he so courageously testified before the House Judiciary Committee. I give him great credit for having the courage to do so, and to commemorate his daughter’s life. She is not 1 of 124, which were es-sentially undocumented who were doc-umented to be released who committed homicide after they had been released by our previous administration. That number is not 124. Mr. Speaker, that number is in the thousands. It is in the thousands—the Americans who died at the hands of criminal aliens who are in the United States illegally committing crimes against. And I call them Americans. Sometimes they are green card holders, lawful permanent residents. b1830 Sometimes they are here on a visa. They are legally in the United States. Sometimes they are illegal aliens that also crept into America that die at the hands of those who should not be here. Now, from where I stand, every life that has been sacrificed, that has been taken at the hand of someone who is unlawfully present in the United States of America, every life could have been saved. Every crime is a pre-ventable crime, and I have lived that and believed that for a long time, Mr. Speaker. As I came to this Congress some 14 years ago, I listened to the witnesses before the Immigration Subcommittee, and the witnesses would continually testify about how many lives were lost in the Arizona desert as people were trying to sneak into America. Having snuck across the border and they are trying to creep through the desert, often the heat will affect them, and they will be without water and they will die of exposure or exhaustion. The numbers went from roughly 200 a year in the Arizona desert, I recall them going up to as high as 450. That testi-mony would come almost every hear-ing, someone would come in and testify to the number of lives lost on an an-nual basis in the Arizona desert. I began to wonder, as I would hear the news stories in the United States of the Kate Steinles and the Jamiel Shaws—Jamiel Shaw’s son, Jas Shaw, a 17-year-old high school football star who was killed on the streets in south-ern California at the hand of a Mexican drug gang member who had been given the assignment to go out and kill a Black person. Jas, the son, had just spoken to his father on the cell phone and said: I will be home in just a few minutes, Dad. But he never came home because he was shot in the head and killed up the street a block or two from his home be-cause he was Black, because the assign-ment to his murderer was to go kill a Black person. Jamiel Shaw will never, never forget those days. Neither will Jas’s mother, who was serving in the military and, I believe, deployed at the time. Both of them have testified here in the United States Congress. There are others. Sarah Root from Modale, Iowa, a perfect 4.0 grade point average, studying criminal investiga-tion at Bellevue University in Omaha. I believe the date that she graduated would have been January 30, 2016. The next day she was run over and brutally killed by a drag racing, illegal alien, Mejia—Eswin, I believe his first name was, Mejia—who had 2
1⁄2times the legal blood alcohol content. He was drag rac-ing, and he ran Sarah Root, this per-fect young woman with the beginning of her adult life set up perfectly in front of her, the only daughter of her father, Scott, and her mother, Michelle. She had a brother, Scotty. Sarah’s parents have both testified also before the House Committee on the Ju-diciary. This is personal, Mr. Speaker. It is personal to these families that have lost a loved one that they know would be alive today if the administrations had enforced existing immigration laws. When I read the very, very sad story in Cottonwood, Minnesota, southwest Minnesota, not very far from my dis-trict, several years ago where a school-bus full of kids was taking kids home from school, from after school, and an illegal alien who had twice encoun-tered law enforcement and twice been released on the streets because the local law enforcement decided ‘‘it is not my job,’’ ran the schoolbus off the road and into the ditch, and the bus rolled over. Four grade-school children were killed up by Cottonwood, Min-nesota: a brother and a sister, and then separate children from two other fami-lies. Three families grieving at the tragic, horrible death of their grade- school children. If we had enforced our immigration laws, those children would be alive today. They would be living, laughing, loving, studying, maybe teaching. They would be falling in love and doing all of the things that we want them to do as Americans, but their lives were snuffed out because we had an administration that refuses to enforce the law. Others would say: Well, Congressman K
ING, you cannot assert that it is be-cause of illegal activity or illegal aliens in America that brought about the death of those four children in Cot-tonwood, Minnesota, or the death of Sarah Root from Modale, Iowa, or the death of Kate Steinle in San Francisco, or Jas Shaw, or Brandon Mendoza, or Dominic Durden. All of their lives and thousands more have been lost because we refused to enforce immigration law. They tell me: No, crimes will be com-mitted, bad things will happen; it has got nothing to do with not enforcing immigration law. My answer to them is, Mr. Speaker: Then you go tell those parents in Cot-tonwood, Minnesota, that their chil-dren would still be dead if we had de-ported the perpetrator who killed them. You go tell the parents of Kate Steinle that she would still be dead if Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez had been effectively deported or locked up for a mandatory 5-year sentence, as we have written into Kate’s law, that Kate would still be dead if we had enforced such a law on Sanchez. Or go tell the mother of Brandon Mendoza that her fine and proud law enforcement son would still be dead if we had deported the illegal who ran him down that day. Or tell Jamiel Shaw that his son, Jas, would still be dead if we had deported the illegal alien who murdered his son on the street in his neighborhood. We know better, Mr. Speaker. This is personal. It is personal in the lives of thousands of families in Amer-ica who are suffering thousands of inci-dents of their grief that will be part of their lives. For generations, they will look back, and they will grieve for those lost family members who will not be there on Easter or on Christmas or on Thanksgiving, and they will grieve for the grandchildren who were never born, and they will call upon their sur-viving brothers and sisters: Now you are responsible to be the parents of the grandchildren for the parents who lost their daughter or lost their son. That is what is at stake here, Mr. Speaker. We are a nation of laws, but we are, today, a nation of not yet fully en-forced laws, and we have had a Presi-dent in the past who seemed to want to bring in the maximum number of ille-gal aliens and leave them here and keep them here. He never dem-onstrated a desire to enforce the law as he opened up the borders of America to people who are coming from terrorist- spawning countries. Now, thankfully, we have Donald Trump, who has stepped up to close those borders back down again and get a handle on this migration so that the American people can be safer. But we will be a lot safer with a fence, a wall, and a fence on our southern border. By the way, at this point now, the United States is spending, annually, $13.4 billion a year—that is billion with a B—to secure our southern border, and we are getting perhaps 25 percent en-forcement efficiency in that southern border—25 percent. That, by the way, is the testimony of the Border Patrol be-fore the Committee on the Judiciary. It is not a number that is brought up from someone who wants to be critical of them. I salute the Border Patrol. They have got a tough job. But their operation has not been managed for the purpose of securing our border and achieving border security. They have tried to re-define it as to something else. Oh, $13.4 billion a year spent on our 2,000-mile southern border. Now, some-body out there, Mr. Speaker, has done the math on that and divided 2,000 miles into $13.4 billion. That comes to $6.7 million a mile to secure our south-ern border, $6.7 million a mile for every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.084 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H871 February 1, 2017 
mile every year, day and night—$6.7 million. I would just ask people, contemplate that cost, that heavy cost, $6.7 million a mile. What can you buy for that? Well, you can buy an interstate high-way, and you can have $2.7 million left over and change per mile. We can take one annual budget of our southern bor-der—if we do what Mr. O’R
OURKE wants to do and open the border, we can lay the Border Patrol off for a year, take that $6.7 million a mile, the $13.4 bil-lion, and we can build an interstate highway the full length of that and have $2.7 million a mile left over. That is how much money is being spent on the southern border to get 25 percent efficiency. You cannot convince me that if we spend $1.3 million a mile for the wall— if we dial that up to 2 or a little more than $2 million a mile so we can cover a fence on either side of that wall and access roads that would be built out of necessity to build it and to maintain it and to patrol it—a couple million dol-lars a mile on that, wouldn’t give us something pretty close to Israeli-level border security. That is nearly 100 per-cent. That is up into the 99 percentile and beyond that into the efficiency of the security of our border. Of course we could get that kind of security on our border. It doesn’t mean we just build it and walk away. People on that side would like to have you think that, that some-how we would just build a wall and walk away and we leave the ladders put up on the south side of the border. No, we would maintain that. We would pa-trol it. We would fly it. We would pa-trol it with vehicles. We would have vi-bration sensors. We would put wire on top, and that wire on top would signal to us if anybody grounded that wire, tried to breach that, touch that wire, brought it to the ground. It would tell us in the control centers exactly where that breach was attempted to take place. We would zero our enforcement in on them and we would enforce it, and we would maintain it so that it functions 100 percent all the time. I see the fence we have got on the border now, and sometimes they will come on the other side, take a set of wire cutters, cut themselves a gate through a chain-link fence. I believe I saw this in Lukeville, Arizona. There they take a chain and thread it through the chain-link fence, put a padlock on it, and it is their personal gate to come and go into America whenever they see fit, with a great, big huge brown mastiff on a bigger chain yet laying there by that gate with a growl under his throat waiting for any-body who might decide they want to walk through that gate in the fence. We can do a lot better. We will do a lot better, $6.7 million a mile. Let me pose this another way for people who have a different way of putting images in their head. For me, I live out in the country in Iowa. We have gravel roads every mile, in the flat country at least. From where I live, my west road runs a mile out there to the intersection where it goes on in four directions, gravel road. So let’s just say that General Kelly, Secretary Kelly, came to me and he said: STEVE , I want you to guard your west mile, and I want you to secure that border so that 25 percent of the people that are trying to get across there will be interdicted and won’t be able to get across that border. So what would you take to give me that level of security for a mile of road and, say, a mile, the west gravel road from my house? He said: I have got a bid. I will give you $6.7 million—that is the average going rate for a mile—and you will get that every year. By the way, we do our budgets on a 10-year contract, so I will give you $67 million to secure 1 mile of Iowa gravel road. Do you think I could secure that bor-der for $67 million for 10 years? And do you think that I would hire a lot of people to sit there in their humvees and talk back and forth on the radio and let people walk around them com-ing across that border if my job was to secure it? No. I would build a fence, a wall, and a fence on that mile. I would spend less than $2 million for that mile. Yes, I would hire a border patrol, and I would put the bells and whistles, the accessories on that wall so that we had the warning signals that are there. I would minimize the labor; I would maximize the technology. But I would put the resources there to get the job done 100 percent, not 25 percent, and I could do it for, you know, a lot less than $6.7 million per mile per year. It wouldn’t take a $67 million contract for a 10-year contract to secure that border. Infrastructure does its job. You build the wall. Remember President Obama, he said he had prosecutorial discretion, and so he created these great classes of people and violated the Constitution and granted a waiver for the application of our criminal laws against people who had come into the United States ille-gally. And he said: Well, we are doing this on a case-by-case basis. Janet Napolitano wrote the memo. We have got the ICE memo or the Napolitano memo that lays out the ex-emptions to the law. Seven times in there she wrote, ‘‘on an individual basis only.’’ That is in there because she knows that the court case turns on prosecutorial discretion, which can only be applied if you are not going to enforce the law, the prosecutors do have discretion. If it is not practical to do so, if you don’t have the resources, they should use the resources to their best advantage. You can do that on an individual basis and be within the law and be constitutional. But once you have a President Obama creating huge classes of people that number in the hundreds of thou-sands—in fact, in the millions—then what you have, Mr. Speaker, is a viola-tion of the law and the Constitution, and it is the executive branch, the President of the United States making up law as he goes along and violating the separation of powers. b1845 Well, through that, when the Presi-dent says: I have prosecutorial discre-tion, and anybody who walks across the border is not going to be troubled. We will meet them with the welcome wagon and fly them to any State in the Union they choose—that happens, Mr. Speaker—it is real. That is not a fab-rication or an embellishment. It is even worse than that. But what benefit does a wall have? In addition to, it provides security of the United States of America. A wall doesn’t have prosecutorial discretion. We make up its mind when we build the wall. And if they can’t get across there, and we maintain and protect it, then we get the effectiveness of it, re-gardless of who the President is. And if we get a President in the future who doesn’t secure and maintain and en-force the wall, then we have a serious cause that we can point to rather than a vague legal argument manufactured by a former adjunct professor who taught constitutional law at the Uni-versity of Chicago. And so, Mr. Speaker, building a fence, a wall, and a fence on our south-ern border is a wise and prudent thing to do. It will pay for itself before we can even get it built. It will dramati-cally slow down the illegal drugs that are coming into America that come from or through Mexico. Remember, 80 to 90 percent of them. Dramatically slow them down. The illegal traffic that is coming in, it will shut off most all of that. I would agree with the gen-tleman from El Paso that we should then beef up our ports of entry so we can facilitate a faster flow of legal traffic in and out of America. But the American people need to de-cide who is coming into America and who is leaving America. We should not have an immigration policy that is es-tablished by the people who live any-where but America or by the people who are anything but citizens of the United States. The citizens of America should make this decision through their elected representatives by exer-cising the enumerated power in the Constitution that Congress has to es-tablish immigration laws. Internally, our domestic laws need to be enforced. And we need to recruit local law enforcement by expanding the 287(g) program and the Secure Communities program. We need to in-corporate the city police, the county sheriff and deputy force, and the high-way patrol, or Division of Criminal In-vestigation—Department of Public Safety officers, as Texas has—all to work with our Federal officers, so it is a seamless network working together to provide secure communities in America, restore the respect for the rule of law, shut down the flow of drugs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.086 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH872 February 1, 2017 
into the United States, shut off the il-legal traffic into America, shut off the terrorists who are sneaking into Amer-ica because the easiest and most reli-able way for them to get here is across our southern border. If we do all of that, there will be respect for both countries that will be established. And I would say this to President Trump. And that is, he is a builder, I am a builder. I don’t have any doubt about how to build that wall or to build the fences on the south and north side of that so that we have two no- man’s lands to patrol. I don’t know that he has any doubt about it either. He has said that he will build a big, beautiful wall. Well, I am looking for the architect’s ideas on beauty. That is not my forte. But the structural functionality and the efficiency of its construction is my forte. And I encourage that we draw up the plans and designs for this and let contracts to those contractors who can effectively and efficiently do this in a competitive low-bid fashion with a proper inspection, and we will build that barrier that can stand for a long time, designed to keep people and con-traband out, as every other wall in the history of the world, including the Great Wall of China and the walls that were built in northern England and those across northern Germany. The Romans built walls there to protect themselves as well. Each wall, with the exception of those designed by communists to keep their subjects in, has been designed to keep people out. There is a huge moral difference between a wall to keep peo-ple in and a wall to keep criminals, ter-rorists, and also decent people, and contraband out. It is a simple equation. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate your atten-tion here this evening on this topic. I look forward to the construction of the fence, the wall, and the fence on our southern border, and the restoration of the respect for the rule of law. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and the balance of the week on account of family emergency. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND  
SECURITY FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS  H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, February 1, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to clause 2(a) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives, I submit the Rules of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security for the 115th Congress for publication in the Congres-sional Record. On February 1, 2017, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security met in open session and adopted these Committee Rules by a recorded vote of 18 yeas and 10 nays, a quorum being present. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. Enclosure. (Adopted February 1, 2017) 
RULE I .—GENERAL PROVISIONS . (A) Applicability of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives.—The Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives (the ‘‘House’’) are the rules of the Committee on Homeland Security (the ‘‘Committee’’) and its sub-committees insofar as applicable. (B) Applicability to Subcommittees.—Except where the terms ‘‘Full Committee’’ and ‘‘subcommittee’’ are specifically mentioned, the following rules shall apply to the Com-mittee’s subcommittees and their respective Chairmen and Ranking Minority Members to the same extent as they apply to the Full Committee and its Chairman and Ranking Minority Member. (C) Appointments by the Chairman.—Clause 2(d) of Rule XI of the House shall govern the designation of a Vice Chairman of the Full Committee. (D) Conferences.—The Chairman is author-ized to offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House whenever the Chairman considers it appropriate. (E) Committee Website.—The Chairman shall maintain an official Committee web site for the purposes of furthering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, in-cluding communicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee Members, other Members, and the public at large. The Ranking Minority Member may maintain a similar web site for the same pur-poses. The official Committee web site shall display a link on its home page to the web site maintained by the Ranking Minority Member. (F) Activity Report.—The Committee shall submit a report to the House on the activi-ties of the Committee in accordance with House rule XI 1(d). 
RULE II .—SUBCOMMITTEES . (A) Generally.—The Full Committee shall be organized into the following six standing subcommittees and each shall have specific responsibility for such measures or matters as the Chairman refers to it: (1) Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence; (2) Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security; (3) Subcommittee on Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Protection; (4) Subcommittee on Oversight and Man-agement Efficiency; (5) Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security; and (6) Subcommittee on Emergency Prepared-ness, Response and Communications. (B) Selection and Ratio of Subcommittee Mem-bers.—The Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee shall select their respective Members of each sub-committee. The ratio of Majority to Minor-ity Members shall be comparable to the Full Committee, consistent with the party ratios established by the Majority party, except that each subcommittee shall have at least two more Majority Members than Minority Members. (C) Ex Officio Members.—The Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Full Com-mittee shall be ex officio members of each subcommittee but are not authorized to vote on matters that arise before each sub-committee. The Chairman and Ranking Mi-nority Member of the Full Committee shall only be counted to satisfy the quorum re-quirement for the purpose of taking testi-mony and receiving evidence. (D) Powers and Duties of Subcommittees. — Except as otherwise directed by the Chair-man of the Full Committee, each sub-committee is authorized to meet, hold hear-ings, receive testimony, mark up legislation, and report to the Full Committee on all mat-ters within its purview. Subcommittee Chairmen shall set hearing and meeting dates only with the approval of the Chair-man of the Full Committee. To the greatest extent practicable, no more than one meet-ing and hearing should be scheduled for a given time. RULE III .—SPECIAL COMMITTEE PANELS . (A) Designation.—The Chairman of the Full Committee may designate a special panel of the Committee consisting of Members of the Committee to inquire into and take testi-mony on a matter or matters that warrant enhanced consideration, and to report to the Committee. (B) Party Ratios and Appointment.—The chairman of a special panel shall be ap-pointed by the Chairman of the Full Com-mittee. The Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee may select a ranking minority member for a special panel and may appoint additional minority members, consistent with the ratio of the full com-mittee. The Chairman and Ranking Minority Member may serve as ex officio members. (C) Duration.—No special panel shall con-tinue in existence for more than six months. (D) Jurisdiction.—No panel shall have legis-lative jurisdiction. 
RULE IV .—REGULAR MEETINGS . (A) Regular Meeting Date.—The regular meeting date and time for the transaction of business of the Full Committee shall be at 10:00 a.m. on the first Wednesday that the House is in Session each month, unless oth-erwise directed by the Chairman. (B) Additional Meetings.—At the discretion of the Chairman, additional meetings of the Committee may be scheduled for the consid-eration of any legislation or other matters pending before the Committee, or to conduct other Committee business. The Committee shall meet for such purposes pursuant to the call of the Chairman. (C) Consideration.—Except in the case of a special meeting held under clause 2(c)(2) of House Rule XI, the determination of the business to be considered at each meeting of the Committee shall be made by the Chair-man. 
RULE V .—NOTICE AND PUBLICATION . (A) Notice.— (1) Hearings.—(a) Pursuant to clause 2(g)(3) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Chairman of the Com-mittee shall make public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing before the Full Committee or sub-committee, which may not commence earlier than one week after such notice. (b) However, a hearing may begin sooner than specified in (a) if the Chairman of the Committee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to begin such hearing sooner, or if the Committee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business. If such a deter-mination is made, the Chairman shall make the announcement required under (a) at the earliest possible date. To the extent prac-ticable, the names of all witnesses scheduled to appear at such hearing shall be provided to Members no later than 48 hours prior to the commencement of such hearing. (2) Meetings.—The Chair shall announce the date, time, place and subject matter of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE7.088 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H873 February 1, 2017 
any meeting, which may not commence ear-lier than the third day on which Members have notice thereof except in the case of a special meeting called under clause 2(c)(2) of House Rule XI. These notice requirements may be waived if the Chairman with the con-currence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to begin the meeting sooner or if the Committee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business. (a) At least 48 hours prior to the com-mencement of a meeting for the markup of legislation, or at the time of announcement of the meeting, if less than 48 hours under Rule V(A)(2), the text of such legislation to be marked up shall be provided to the Mem-bers, made publicly available in electronic form, and posted on the official Committee web site. (b) Not later than 24 hours after concluding a meeting to consider legislation, the text of such legislation as ordered forwarded or re-ported, including any amendments adopted or defeated, shall be made publicly available in electronic form. (3) Briefings.—The Chairman shall provide notice of the date, time, place, and subject matter of a Member briefing. To the extent practicable, a Member briefing shall not commence earlier than the third day on which Members have notice thereof. (4) Publication.—House Rule XI 2(g)(3)(C) is hereby incorporated by reference. 
RULE VI .—OPEN MEETINGS AND HEARINGS ; 
BROADCASTING . (A) Open Meetings.— (1) All meetings and hearings of the Com-mittee shall be open to the public including to radio, television, and still photography coverage, except as provided by Rule XI of the Rules of the House or when the Com-mittee, in open session and with a majority present, determines by recorded vote that all or part of the remainder of that hearing on that day shall be closed to the public because disclosure of testimony, evidence, or other matters to be considered would endanger the national security, compromise sensitive law enforcement information, tend to defame, degrade or incriminate a witness, or violate any law or rule of the House of Representa-tives. (2) The Committee or Subcommittee may meet in executive session for up to five addi-tional consecutive days of hearings if agreed to by the same procedure. (B) Broadcasting.—Whenever any hearing or meeting conducted by the Committee is open to the public, the Committee shall permit that hearing or meeting to be covered by tel-evision broadcast, internet broadcast, print media, and still photography, or by any of such methods of coverage, in accordance with the provisions of clause 4 of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. Operation and use of any Committee operated broadcast system shall be fair and nonpartisan and in accord-ance with clause 4(b) of Rule XI and all other applicable rules of the Committee and the House. Priority shall be given by the Com-mittee to members of the Press Galleries. Pursuant to clause 2(e) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee shall, to the greatest extent practicable, provide audio and video cov-erage of each hearing or meeting in a man-ner that allows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings and shall maintain the recordings of such coverage in a manner that is easily accessible to the public. (C) Transcripts.—A transcript shall be made of the testimony of each witness appearing before the Committee during a Committee hearing. All transcripts of meetings or hear-ings that are open to the public shall be made available. RULE VII .—PROCEDURES FOR MEETINGS AND  
HEARINGS . (A) Opening Statements.—At any meeting of the Committee, the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member shall be entitled to present oral opening statements of five minutes each. Other Members may submit written opening statements for the record. The Chairman presiding over the meeting may permit additional opening statements by other Members of the Full Committee or of that subcommittee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member. (B) The Five-Minute Rule.—The time any one Member may address the Committee on any bill, motion, or other matter under con-sideration by the Committee shall not ex-ceed five minutes, and then only when the Member has been recognized by the Chair-man, except that this time limit may be ex-tended when permitted by unanimous con-sent. (C) Postponement of Vote.—The Chairman may postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of ap-proving any measure or matter or adopting an amendment and may resume proceedings on a postponed vote at any time after rea-sonable notice to Members by the Clerk or other designee of the Chairman. When pro-ceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying propo-sition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. (D) Record.—Members may have 10 business days to submit to the Chief Clerk of the Committee their statements for the record, and, in the case of a hearing, additional questions for the hearing record to be di-rected towards a witness at the hearing. 
RULE VIII .—WITNESSES . (A) Questioning of Witnesses.— (1) Questioning of witnesses by Members will be conducted under the five- minute rule unless the Committee adopts a motion per-mitted by clause 2(j)(2) of House Rule XI. (2) In questioning witnesses under the five- minute rule, the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member shall first be recognized. In a subcommittee meeting or hearing, the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee are then recognized. All other Members who are present before the commencement of the meeting or hearing will be recognized in the order of seniority on the Committee, alternating between Ma-jority and Minority Members. Committee Members arriving after the commencement of the hearing shall be recognized in order of appearance, alternating between Majority and Minority Members, after all Members present at the beginning of the hearing have been recognized. To the extent practicable, each Member shall be recognized at least once before any Member is given a second opportunity to question a witness. (3) The Chairman, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, or the Com-mittee by motion, may permit a specified number of Members to question a witness for a period longer than five minutes, but the time allotted must be equally apportioned to the Majority party and the Minority and may not exceed one hour in the aggregate. (4) The Chairman, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, or the Com-mittee by motion, may permit Committee staff of the Majority and Minority to ques-tion a witness for a specified period of time, but the time allotted must be equally appor-tioned to the Majority and Minority staff and may not exceed one hour in the aggre-gate. (B) Minority Witnesses.—House Rule XI 2 (j)(1) is hereby incorporated by reference. (C) Oath or Affirmation.—The Chairman of the Committee or any Member designated by the Chairman, may administer an oath to any witness. (D) Statements by Witnesses.— (1) Consistent with the notice given, and to the greatest extent practicable, witnesses shall submit a prepared or written statement for the record of the proceedings (including, where practicable, an electronic copy) with the Clerk of the Committee no less than 48 hours in advance of the witness’s appearance before the Committee. (2) In the case of a witness appearing in a non-governmental capacity, a written state-ment of proposed testimony shall include a curriculum vita and a disclosure of any Fed-eral grants or contracts, or contracts or pay-ments originating with a foreign govern-ment, received during the current calendar year or either of the two preceding calendar years by the witness or by an entity rep-resented by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. Such disclo-sures shall include the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing, and the amount and country of origin of any pay-ment or contract related to the subject mat-ter jurisdiction of the hearing originating with a foreign government. Such statements, with the appropriate redactions to protect the privacy or security of the witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness ap-pears. RULE IX .—QUORUM . Quorum Requirements.—Two Members shall constitute a quorum for purposes of taking testimony and receiving evidence. One-third of the Members of the Committee shall con-stitute a quorum for conducting business, ex-cept for (1) reporting a measure or rec-ommendation; (2) closing Committee meet-ings to the public, pursuant to Committee Rule IV; (3) any other action for which an ac-tual majority quorum is required by any rule of the House of Representatives or by law. The Chairman’s staff shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member’s staff when scheduling meetings and hearings, to ensure that a quorum for any purpose will include at least one Minority Member of the Com-mittee. 
RULE X .—DECORUM . (A) Breaches of Decorum.—The Chairman may punish breaches of order and decorum, by censure and exclusion from a hearing or meeting; and the Committee may cite the of-fender to the House for contempt. (B) Access to Dais.—Access to the dais be-fore, during, and after a hearing, markup, or other meeting of the Committee shall be limited to Members and staff of the Com-mittee. Subject to availability of space on the dais, Committee Members’ personal staff may be present on the dais during a hearing if their employing Member is seated on the dais and during a markup or other meeting if their employing Member is the author of a measure or amendment under consideration by the Committee, but only during the time that the measure or amendment is under ac-tive consideration by the Committee, or oth-erwise at the discretion of the Chairman, or of the Ranking Minority Member for per-sonal staff employed by a Minority Member. (C) Wireless Communications Use Prohib-ited.—During a hearing, mark-up, or other meeting of the Committee, ringing or audi-ble sounds or conversational use of cellular telephones or other electronic devices is pro-hibited in the Committee room. 
RULE XI .—REFERRALS TO SUBCOMMITTEES . Referral of Bills and Other Matters by Chair-man.—Except for bills and other matters re-tained by the Chairman for Full Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.024 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH874 February 1, 2017 
consideration, each bill or other matter re-ferred to the Full Committee shall be re-ferred by the Chairman to one or more sub-committees within two weeks of receipt by the Committee. In referring any measure or matter to a subcommittee, the Chair may specify a date by which the subcommittee shall report thereon to the Full Committee. Bills or other matters referred to sub-committees may be reassigned or discharged by the Chairman. 
RULE XII .—SUBPOENAS ; COUNSEL . (A) Authorization.—The power to authorize and issue subpoenas is delegated to the Chairman of the Full Committee, as pro-vided for under clause 2(m)(3)(A)(i) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives. The Chairman shall notify the Rank-ing Minority Member prior to issuing any subpoena under such authority. To the ex-tent practicable, the Chairman shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member at least 24 hours in advance of a subpoena being issued under such authority, excluding Sat-urdays, Sundays, and Federal holidays. The Chairman of the Full Committee shall notify Members of the Committee of the authoriza-tion and issuance of a subpoena under this rule as soon as practicable, but in no event later than one week after service of such subpoena. (B) Disclosure.—Provisions may be included in a subpoena with the concurrence of the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee, or by the Committee, to prevent the disclosure of the Full Com-mittee’s demands for information when deemed necessary for the security of infor-mation or the progress of an investigation, including but not limited to prohibiting the revelation by witnesses and their counsel of Full Committee’s inquiries. (C) Subpoena duces tecum.—A subpoena duces tecum may be issued whose return to the Committee Clerk shall occur at a time and place other than that of a regularly scheduled meeting. (D) Counsel.—When representing a witness or entity before the Committee in response to a document request, request for tran-scribed interview, or subpoena from the Committee, or in connection with testimony before the Committee at a hearing, counsel for the witness or entity must promptly sub-mit to the Committee a notice of appearance specifying the following: (a) counsel’s name, firm or organization, and contact informa-tion; and (b) each client represented by the counsel in connection with the proceeding. Submission of a notice of appearance con-stitutes acknowledgement that counsel is authorized to accept service of process by the Committee on behalf of such client(s), and that counsel is bound by and agrees to comply with all applicable House and Com-mittee rules and regulations. 
RULE XIII .—COMMITTEE STAFF . (A) Generally.—Committee staff members are subject to the provisions of clause 9 of House Rule X and must be eligible to be con-sidered for routine access to classified infor-mation. (B) Staff Assignments.—For purposes of these rules, Committee staff means the em-ployees of the Committee, detailees, fellows, or any other person engaged by contract or otherwise to perform services for, or at the request of, the Committee. All such persons shall be either Majority, Minority, or shared staff. The Chairman shall appoint, supervise, where applicable determine remuneration of, and may remove Majority staff. The Ranking Minority Member shall appoint, supervise, where applicable determine remuneration of, and may remove Minority staff. In consulta-tion with the Ranking Minority Member, the Chairman may appoint, supervise, determine remuneration of and may remove shared staff that is assigned to service of the Com-mittee. The Chairman shall certify Com-mittee staff appointments, including ap-pointments by the Ranking Minority Mem-ber, as required. (C) Divulgence of Information.—Prior to the public acknowledgement by the Chairman or the Committee of a decision to initiate an investigation of a particular person, entity, or subject, no member of the Committee staff shall knowingly divulge to any person any information, including non-classified in-formation, which comes into his or her pos-session by virtue of his or her status as a member of the Committee staff, if the mem-ber of the Committee staff has a reasonable expectation that such information may alert the subject of a Committee investigation to the existence, nature, or substance of such investigation, unless authorized to do so by the Chairman or the Committee. RULE XIV .—CLASSIFIED AND CONTROLLED  
UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION . (A) Security Precautions.—Committee staff offices, including Majority and Minority of-fices, shall operate under strict security pre-cautions administered by the Security Offi-cer of the Committee. A security officer shall be on duty at all times during normal office hours. Classified documents and con-trolled unclassified information (CUI) for-merly known as sensitive but unclassified (SBU) information may be destroyed, dis-cussed, examined, handled, reviewed, stored, transported and used only in an appro-priately secure manner in accordance with all applicable laws, executive orders, and other governing authorities. Such documents may be removed from the Committee’s of-fices only in furtherance of official Com-mittee business. Appropriate security proce-dures, as determined by the Chairman in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, shall govern the handling of such documents removed from the Committee’s offices. (B) Temporary Custody of Executive Branch Material.—Executive branch documents or other materials containing classified infor-mation in any form that were not made part of the record of a Committee hearing, did not originate in the Committee or the House, and are not otherwise records of the Com-mittee shall, while in the custody of the Committee, be segregated and maintained by the Committee in the same manner as Com-mittee records that are classified. Such doc-uments and other materials shall be re-turned to the Executive branch agency from which they were obtained at the earliest practicable time. (C) Access by Committee Staff.—Access to classified information supplied to the Com-mittee shall be limited to Committee staff members with appropriate security clear-ances and a need-to-know, as determined by the Chairman or Ranking Minority Member, and under the direction of the Majority or Minority Staff Directors. (D) Maintaining Confidentiality.—No Com- mittee Member or Committee staff shall dis-close, in whole or in part or by way of sum-mary, to any person who is not a Committee Member or authorized Committee staff for any purpose or in connection with any pro-ceeding, judicial or otherwise, any testimony given before the Committee in executive ses-sion except for purposes of obtaining an offi-cial classification of such testimony. Classi-fied information and controlled unclassified information (CUI) shall be handled in accord-ance with all applicable laws, executive or-ders, and other governing authorities and consistently with the provisions of these rules and Committee procedures. (E) Oath.—Before a Committee Member or Committee staff may have access to classi-fied information, the following oath (or affir-mation) shall be executed: I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will not disclose any classified information re-ceived in the course of my service on the Committee on Homeland Security, except as authorized by the Committee or the House of Representatives or in accordance with the Rules of such Committee or the Rules of the House. Copies of the executed oath (or affirma-tion) shall be retained by the Clerk of the Committee as part of the records of the Com-mittee. (F) Disciplinary Action.—The Chairman shall immediately consider disciplinary ac-tion in the event any Committee Member or Committee staff member fails to conform to the provisions of these rules governing the disclosure of classified or unclassified infor-mation. Such disciplinary action may in-clude, but shall not be limited to, immediate dismissal from the Committee staff, criminal referral to the Justice Department, and noti-fication of the Speaker of the House. With respect to Minority staff, the Chairman shall consider such disciplinary action in con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber. 
RULE XV .—COMMITTEE RECORDS . (A) Committee Records.— House Rule XI 2(e) is hereby incorporated by reference. (B) Legislative Calendar.—The Clerk of the Committee shall maintain a printed calendar for the information of each Committee Mem-ber showing any procedural or legislative measures considered or scheduled to be con-sidered by the Committee, and the status of such measures and such other matters as the Committee determines shall be included. The calendar shall be revised from time to time to show pertinent changes. A copy of such re-visions shall be made available to each Mem-ber of the Committee upon request. (C) Members Right To Access.—Members of the Committee and of the House shall have access to all official Committee Records. Ac-cess to Committee files shall be limited to examination within the Committee offices at reasonable times. Access to Committee Records that contain classified information shall be provided in a manner consistent with these rules. (D) Removal of Committee Records.—Files and records of the Committee are not to be removed from the Committee offices. No Committee files or records that are not made publicly available shall be photocopied by any Member. (E) Executive Session Records.—Evidence or testimony received by the Committee in ex-ecutive session shall not be released or made available to the public unless authorized by the Committee, a majority being present. Such information may be made available to appropriate government personnel for pur-poses of classification. Members may exam-ine the Committee’s executive session records, but may not make copies of, or take personal notes from, such records. (F) Availability of Committee Records. —The Committee shall keep a complete record of all Committee action including recorded votes and attendance at hearings and meet-ings. Information so available for public in-spection shall include a description of each amendment, motion, order, or other propo-sition, including the name of the Member who offered the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, and the name of each Member voting for and each Member voting against each such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, as well as the names of those Members present but not voting. Such record shall be made available to the public at reasonable times within the Committee offices and also made publicly available in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.025 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H875 February 1, 2017 
electronic form and posted on the official Committee web site within 48 hours of such record vote. (G) Separate and Distinct.—All Committee records and files must be kept separate and distinct from the office records of the Mem-bers serving as Chairman and Ranking Mi-nority Member. Records and files of Mem-bers’ personal offices shall not be considered records or files of the Committee. (H) Disposition of Committee Records. —At the conclusion of each Congress, non-current records of the Committee shall be delivered to the Archivist of the United States in ac-cordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. (I) Archived Records.—The records of the Committee at the National Archives and Records Administration shall be made avail-able for public use in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. The Chairman shall notify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of the Rule, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determina-tion on the written request of any member of the Committee. The Chairman shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member on any communication from the Archivist of the United States or the Clerk of the House con-cerning the disposition of noncurrent records pursuant to clause 3(b) of the Rule. 
RULE XVI .—COMMITTEE RULES . (A) Availability of Committee Rules in Elec-tronic Form.—House Rule XI 2(a) is hereby in-corporated by reference. (B) Changes to Committee Rules.—These rules may be modified, amended, or repealed by the Full Committee provided that a no-tice in writing of the proposed change has been given to each Member at least 48 hours prior to the meeting at which action thereon is to be taken and such changes are not in-consistent with the Rules of the House of Representatives. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 50 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, February 2, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
446. A letter from the Acting Commis-sioner, Social Security Administration, transmitting notification that the Adminis-tration has made a determination to con-tract with Equifax and ADP to obtain wage information from payroll data providers for the Supplemental Security Income and So-cial Security Disability Insurance programs, pursuant to Sec. 6.302-7(c)(2) of the Federal Acquisition Regulations; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 447. A letter from the Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Adjustments to Civil Monetary Penalty Amounts [Release Nos.: 33-10276; 34-79749; IA-4599; IC-32414] re-ceived January 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 448. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Section 5000A Hardship Exemption for HCTC-eligible Individuals (Notice 2017-14) re-ceived January 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SCALISE (for himself and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia): H.R. 781. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow charitable organi-zations to make statements relating to polit-ical campaigns if such statements are made in the ordinary course of carrying out its tax exempt purpose; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. M
CHENRY (for himself and Ms. M
ENG): H.R. 782. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the amount ex-cluded from gross income for employer-pro-vided dependent care assistance; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. L
OBIONDO (for himself and Mr. P
ALLONE ): H.R. 783. A bill to amend chapter 178 of title 28 of the United States Code to permit during a 4-year period States to enact stat-utes that exempt from the operation of such chapter, lotteries, sweepstakes, and other betting, gambling, or wagering schemes in-volving professional and amateur sports; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PALLONE (for himself and Mr. L
OBIONDO ): H.R. 784. A bill to amend title 28 of the United States Code to exclude the State of New Jersey from the prohibition on profes-sional and amateur sports gambling to the extent approved by the legislature of the State; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself and Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina): H.R. 785. A bill to preserve and protect the free choice of individual employees to form, join, or assist labor organizations, or to re-frain from such activities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. YARMUTH (for himself, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. D
EGETTE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. B EYER , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. L EE, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. M
CNERNEY ): H.R. 786. A bill to place a moratorium on permitting for mountaintop removal coal mining until health studies are conducted by the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and In-frastructure, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. C
UM-
MINGS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. R YAN of Ohio): H.R. 787. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to promote early voting in elections for Federal office and to prevent unreasonable waiting times for voters at polling places used in such elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Ms. CHE-
NEY, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. K INZINGER , Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. C OMER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. M AR-
SHALL , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M AST, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. P
EARCE , and Mr. P OLIS): H.R. 788. A bill to amend the Pittman-Rob-ertson Wildlife Restoration Act to facilitate the establishment of additional or expanded public target ranges in certain States; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUDD (for himself, Mr. S
AN-
FORD , Mr. M EADOWS , Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. G
OHMERT ): H.R. 789. A bill to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 to limit assistance to the Palestinian Authority and the Palestine Lib-eration Organization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. L EE, Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. P INGREE , and Ms. F
UDGE ): H.R. 790. A bill to repeal certain provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and revive the separation between commercial banking and the securities business, in the manner provided in the Banking Act of 1933, the so- called ‘‘Glass-Steagall Act’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 791. A bill to posthumously award a Congressional gold medal to Muhammad Ali, in recognition of his contributions to the Na-tion; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 792. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the section 45 credit for refined coal from steel industry fuel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for himself, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. H ECK, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. W
ALZ, and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H.R. 793. A bill to amend the National Se-curity Act of 1947 to provide for additional requirements relating to the regular attendees of meetings of the National Secu-rity Council and bodies thereof; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and In-telligence (Permanent Select), for a period 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.026 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH876 February 1, 2017 
to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. H
OYER , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. R
ASKIN ): H.R. 794. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to reauthorize and improve the operation of the Election Assistance Commission, to provide funds to States to make security upgrades to voter registration lists and processes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. B LUM, Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. B
UCSHON , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. H
IMES, Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California): H.R. 795. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the exclusion for employer-provided educational assistance to employer payments of qualified education loans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. D
ESANTIS: H.R. 796. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to establish a uniform 5-year post-employment ban on the lobbying of any officer or employee of the executive branch or any Member, officer, or employee of Con-gress by former executive branch officials and former Members, officers, and employees of Congress, to establish a lifetime post-em-ployment ban on lobbying on behalf of for-eign governments by former senior executive branch officials, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committee on House Administra-tion, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N 
OFPUERTO  R
ICO: H.R. 797. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to remove the matching requirement for a territory to use specially allocated Federal funds for Medicare covered part D drugs for low-income individuals; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N 
OFPUERTO  R
ICO: H.R. 798. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide equitable treat-ment for residents of Puerto Rico with re-spect to the refundable portion of the child tax credit and to provide the same treatment to families in Puerto Rico with one child or two children that is currently provided to is-land families with three or more children; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HILL (for himself, Mr. R
ICH-
MOND , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mrs. L
OVE): H.R. 799. A bill to authorize the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Education, to establish a pilot program to make grants to historically Black colleges and universities to provide educational pro-grams to offenders who have recently been, or will soon be, released from incarceration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. POCAN , and Mr. N OLAN ): H.R. 800. A bill to establish the Office of Rural Broadband Initiatives within the De-partment of Agriculture, to preserve open internet requirements, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. L
AHOOD (for himself, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Il-linois, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. K
INZINGER ): H.R. 801. A bill to amend the National Trails System Act to designate the Route 66 National Historic Trail, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 802. A bill to prohibit Senegal from re-ceiving certain forms of development assist-ance for a two-year period and make avail-able such assistance to Rwanda and Uganda, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 803. A bill to direct the United States Postal Service to designate a single, unique ZIP Code for Glendale, New York; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida (for her-self, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. B EYER , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. C
LARK of Massachu-setts, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. M ENG, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. S
CHRADER , Ms. R OSEN , Ms. L EE, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. K
IND, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. C
UELLAR , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. H IMES, Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. B ROWN of Mary-land, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. E VANS , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. S
WALWELL of California): H.R. 804. A bill to amend the National Se-curity Act of 1947 to protect the National Se-curity Council from political interference, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Foreign Affairs, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NUNES (for himself and Mr. V
ALADAO ): H.R. 805. A bill to authorize the convey-ance of and remove the reversionary interest of the United States in certain lands in the City of Tulare, California; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. F
LO-
RES, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-gia, Mr. MCCARTHY , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. S
CALISE , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. L
ONG, Mr. J ENKINS of West Vir-ginia, Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. J OHNSON  of Ohio, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, and Mr. B
ABIN): H.R. 806. A bill to facilitate efficient State implementation of ground-level ozone stand-ards, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. K
IND, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M
EEHAN , Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. M UR-
PHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. L ARSON of Con-necticut, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. K IL-
DEE, Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. H
ECK, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn-sylvania, Mr. W
ILSON of South Caro-lina, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. P
OLIQUIN ): H.R. 807. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. L AM-
BORN ): H.R. 808. A bill to impose nonnuclear sanc-tions with respect to Iran, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Finan-cial Services, Ways and Means, the Judici-ary, Intelligence (Permanent Select), and Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 809. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions of serv-ice-connection relating to the exposure to herbicides of certain veterans who served in the Armed Forces during the Vietnam Era, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 810. A bill to increase public safety by punishing and deterring firearms trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RUSSELL (for himself, Mr. M
EADOWS , and Mr. B LUMENAUER ): H.R. 811. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to treat obligations financ-ing professional sports stadiums as private activity bonds if such obligations meet the private business use test; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S MITH 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01FE7.100 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H877 February 1, 2017 
of Washington, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C LAY, and Mr. S
OTO): H.R. 812. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Simeon Booker in recognition of his achievements in the field of jour-nalism, including reporting during the Civil Rights movement, as well as social and polit-ical commentary; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Ms. SA´NCHEZ (for herself, Ms. R
OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. S OTO, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. V ELA, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. A
GUILAR , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. H
IMES, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. B EYER , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Ms. L EE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. R
USH, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. B ERA, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. K
IND, and Mr. D EUTCH ): H.R. 813. A bill to restore access to year- round Federal Pell Grants; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 814. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify that the estate of a deceased veteran may receive certain ac-crued benefits upon the death of the veteran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 815. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to adjust certain limits on the guaranteed amount of a home loan under the home loan program of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. PEARCE (for himself, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. S TEWART , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G OH-
MERT , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , and Mr. L AMBORN ): H.J. Res. 56. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Bureau of Land Management re-lating to ‘‘Onshore Oil and Gas Operations; Federal and Indian Oil and Gas Leases; Site Security‘‘; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. ROKITA: H.J. Res. 57. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to accountability and State plans under the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.J. Res. 58. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to teacher preparation issues; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. C RAMER , Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. C OLLINS  of Georgia, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. T
IPTON , and Mr. A
DERHOLT ): H.J. Res. 59. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Accidental Release Pre-vention Requirements: Risk Management Programs under the Clean Air Act‘‘; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. C
LAY, and Mr. R YANof Ohio): H. Con. Res. 16. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that a com-memorative postage stamp should be issued in honor of the Buffalo Soldiers; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-self, Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E
VANS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K ELLY of Il-linois, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L AWSON  of Florida, Ms. L
EE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. R
USH, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi, Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): H. Con. Res. 17. Concurrent resolution hon-oring and praising the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People on the occasion of its 108th anniversary; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself and Mr. D
EUTCH ): H. Con. Res. 18. Concurrent resolution per-mitting the use of the rotunda of the Capitol for a ceremony as part of the commemora-tion of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holocaust; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself, Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. E VANS , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. H
ECK, Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K IL-
DEE, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. SEAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. M
ENG, Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. N EAL, Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. V
ELA, Mr. S OTO, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. K ELLY of Illi-nois, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P A-
NETTA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. K EATING , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. D
ELBENE, and Mr. G
RIJALVA ): H. Res. 78. A resolution reiterating the in-disputable fact that the Nazi regime targeted the Jewish people in its perpetration of the Holocaust and calling on every entity in the executive branch to affirm that fact; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-self, Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E
VANS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K ELLY of Il-linois, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L AWSON  of Florida, Ms. L
EE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. R
USH, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi, Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): H. Res. 79. A resolution recognizing the sig-nificance of Black History Month; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. THORNBERRY (for himself and Mr. S
MITH of Washington): H. Res. 80. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Armed Services in the One Hundred Fifteenth Con-gress; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. By Mr. WALDEN: H. Res. 81. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Energy and Commerce in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01FE7.100 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH878 February 1, 2017 
By Mr. SCALISE: H.R. 781. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The First Amendment guarantees both free speech and the free exercise of religion. The Free Speech Fairness Act restores these fundamental liberties to churches and nonprofits. By Mr. M
CHENRY: H.R. 782. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. L
OBIONDO: H.R. 783. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Section 8 or Article 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 784. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section VIII. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 785. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This act erases the forced-dues clauses in the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) and Railway Labor Act (RLA). As such, this bill makes specific changes to existing law in a manner that returns power to the States and to the People, in accordance with Amendment X of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. YARMUTH: H.R. 786. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 787. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4 By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 788. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power to . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 789. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 790. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 791. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 792. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: H.R. 793. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: As described in Article I, Section 1, ‘‘all legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 794. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This proposal is introduced pursuant to Ar-ticle I. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 795. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of, and the sixteenth Amendment to, the United States Constitution. By Mr. D
ESANTIS: H.R. 796. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 5, Clause 2 (Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for disorderly Behavior, and, with the Concurrence of two thirds, expel a Member). By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 797. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitu-tion ‘‘All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 798. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitu-tion ‘‘All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Mr. HILL: H.R. 799. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 800. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or office there-of. By Mr. L
AHOOD: H.R. 801. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2—‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States. . .’’ By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 802. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 803. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 804. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact the Pro-tect the National Security Council from Po-litical Interference Act of 2017 pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, the Necessary and Proper Clause. The Necessary and Prop-er Clause supports the expansion of congres-sional authority beyond the explicit authori-ties that are directly discernible from the text. Additionally, the Preamble to the Con-stitution provides support of the authority to enact legislation to promote the General Welfare. By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 805. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 806. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 807. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1—to provide for the general welfare Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—necessary and proper clause By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 808. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 809. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 810. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power to . . . regulate com-merce . . . among the several states. . .’’ By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 811. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following:. Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 812. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. SA´NCHEZ: H.R. 813. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One, section 8, clause 18: Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 814. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.019 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H879 February 1, 2017 
By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 815. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PEARCE: H.J. Res. 56. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 and Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. ROKITA: H.J. Res. 57. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.J. Res. 58. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. MULLIN: H.J. Res. 59. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 38: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 44: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 60: Mr. T
AYLOR , Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico, and Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 82: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 113: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali- fornia, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. S IRES, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 122: Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. J
EFFRIES , and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 125: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 149: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 151: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 159: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 169: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 174: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 202: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 233: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 241: Mr. B
YRNE and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 244: Mr. CARTER of Georgia and Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 245: Ms. G
ABBARD and Mr. C ARTER of Texas. H.R. 246: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. B UDD, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. H
UNTER , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 257: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 300: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 334: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 354: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 361: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 365: Mr. T
IPTON and Mr. F ORTENBERRY . H.R. 371: Ms. E
SHOO , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 391: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 392: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. T EDLIEU of California; Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 394: Mr. H
UIZENGA , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. L
ONG, and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 422: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 488: Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 490: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 504: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 512: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 520: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 523: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 532: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. R
ASKIN , and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 559: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 604: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 625: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 628: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 632: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. M ASSIE , and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 637: Mr. B
UDD, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. C ON-
AWAY , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 643: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 644: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 660: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 673: Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 681: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri and Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 683: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 696: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 721: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 722: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 739: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 743: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 747: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 749: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 771: Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R
USH, and Ms. B ASS. H.R. 772: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.J. Res. 6: Mr. Z
ELDIN and Mr. M AST. H.J. Res. 17: Mr. C
OMER , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. B
ARR. H.J. Res. 19: Mr. P
OLIS and Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California. H.J. Res, 27: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Mr. A
LLEN . H.J. Res. 36: Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. B RAT, Mr. R
OTHFUS , and Mr. A RRINGTON . H.J. Res. 38: Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. W
OODALL , and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.J. Res. 43: Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. A
RRINGTON , Mr. E MMER , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. B
OST, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. B UDD, Mr. A MASH , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsyl- vania. H.J. Res. 44: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. B IGGS, and Mr. C
HAFFETZ . H.J. Res. 46: Mr. C
RAMER . H.J. Res. 48: Mr. B
EYER and Mr. S ERRANO . H. Con. Res. 5: Ms. L
EE. H. Res. 23: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. G RIJALVA . H. Res. 28: Mr. R
EED, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. M
EEHAN , and Mr. T HOMPSON of California. H. Res. 31: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. L OF-
GREN , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H. Res. 35: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H. Res. 38: Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. R OE of Tennessee, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. D AVIDSON , and Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H. Res. 61: Mr. E
LLISON . H. Res. 72: Mr. K
INGof New York. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 611: Mr. H IMES. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE7.022 H01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S541 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 2017 No. 17 
Senate 
The Senate met at 12 noon and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Merciful God, enthroned above all other powers, thank You for the oppor-tunity to be called Your children. Lord, our heart aches because of the pain and pessimism in our world, so use our lawmakers to bring hope where there is despair. Remind our Senators that Your power is far above any con-ceivable command, authority, or con-trol. Empower them to protect and de-fend the Constitution of this great land against all enemies foreign and domes-tic. Our Father, inspire our Senators through the decisions they make to build monuments of courage and moral excellence. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will report the un-finished business. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Rex W. Tillerson, of Texas, to be Secretary of State. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the remaining postcloture time will be equally di-vided between the two leaders or their designees. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The majority leader is recognized. NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, last night President Trump announced an outstanding nominee for the Su-preme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch of Colorado. While Judge Gorsuch has a significant legacy to live up to as the nominee for the seat left vacant by the loss of Justice Scalia, I am confident his impressive background and long record of service will prepare him well for the task ahead. Like Justice Scalia, Judge Gorsuch understands the constitutional limits of his authority. He understands that a judge’s duty is to apply the law evenhandedly, without bias toward one party or another. He understands that his role as a judge is to interpret the law, not impose his own viewpoint or political leanings. He has also been recognized from peo-ple on both sides of the aisle as a con-sistent, principled, and fair jurist. Judge Gorsuch has a stellar reputation and a resume to match, with degrees from Harvard and Columbia, a Ph.D. in legal philosophy from Oxford, and just about every honor, award, and scholar-ship you can possibly imagine. When he graduated from law school, Judge Gorsuch did not just clerk for one Supreme Court Justice, he clerked for two. They were Justices nominated by Presidents of different political par-ties—Anthony Kennedy, a Reagan ap-pointee, and Byron White, who was nominated by JFK. Judge Gorsuch received a unani-mously ‘‘well qualified’’ rating by the American Bar Association when he was nominated to his current position on the court of appeals. He was confirmed without any votes in opposition. That is right—not a single Democrat op-posed Judge Gorsuch’s confirmation, not Senator Barack Obama, not Sen-ator Hillary Clinton, not Senators Joe Biden or Ted Kennedy. In fact, not a single one of the Democrats who still serve with us opposed him, including the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, Senator FEINSTEIN , and the Democratic leader himself, Senator S
CHUMER . In the coming days, I hope and expect that all Senate colleagues will again give him fair consideration, just as we did for the nominees of newly elected Presidents Clinton and Obama. This is a judge who is known for de-ciding cases based on how the law is ac-tually written, not how he wishes it were written, even when it leads to re-sults that conflict with his own polit-ical beliefs. He understands that his role as a judge is to interpret the law, not impose his own viewpoint. Here is how Judge Gorsuch himself put it: ‘‘A judge who likes every result he reaches is very likely a bad judge, reaching for results he prefers rather than those the law compels.’’ Some of our colleagues and some oth-ers on the left see the role of a judge very differently. In last year’s Presi-dential debate, our former colleague, Secretary Clinton, stated her view that a Supreme Court Justice—now listen to this—ought to look more favorably on certain political constituencies than others; that it was the job of the Su-preme Court to ‘‘stand on the side’’ of this group or another over that one. Some of our current colleagues seem to share this view. The assistant Demo-cratic leader said that what is impor-tant to him are the political views of a Supreme Court nominee, what or per-haps whom they are going to stand for. The problem with that approach is that it is great if you happen to be the party in the case whom the judge likes; it is not so great if you are the other guy. Justice Scalia believed this to his very core. He was an eloquent cham-pion of the Constitution who was guid-ed by important principles like apply-ing the law equally to all, giving every litigant a fair shake, and rulings based on the actual meaning of the Constitu-tion and our laws, not what you or your preferred political constituency wished they meant. These principles 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.000 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES542 February 1, 2017 
helped guide Justice Scalia for many years. The record of Judge Gorsuch in-dicates that he will continue this leg-acy of fair and impartial justice. Now, of course, that does not much matter to some over here on the far left. Despite his sterling credentials and bipartisan support, some on the far left decided to oppose Judge Gorsuch before he was even nominated. We al-ready know what they will say about him as well. It is the same thing they have been saying about every Repub-lican nominee for more than four dec-ades. They said Gerald Ford’s nominee, John Paul Stevens, ‘‘revealed an ex-traordinary lack of sensitivity to the problems women face.’’ They said Rea-gan’s nominee, Anthony Kennedy, was a ‘‘sexist’’ who would ‘‘be a disaster for women.’’ They said George H.W. Bush’s nominee, David Souter, was a threat to women, minorities, dissenters, and other disadvantaged groups. So it is not terribly surprising that they would say it again this time. What is dis-appointing is that leading Democrats in the Senate would adopt the same rhetoric. The ink was not even dry on Judge Gorsuch’s nomination when the Democratic leader proclaimed that Judge Gorsuch had—you guessed it— demonstrated a hostility toward wom-en’s rights. I hope our colleagues will stick to the facts this time around. We know that Justice Scalia’s seat on the Court does not belong to any President or any political party; it be-longs to the American people. When it became vacant in the middle of a con-tentious Presidential election, we fol-lowed the rule set down by Vice Presi-dent Joe Biden and Democratic Leader Senator S
CHUMER , which said that Su-preme Court vacancies arising in the midst of a Presidential election should not be considered until the campaign ends. It is the same rule, by the way, that President Obama’s own legal counsel admitted she would have rec-ommended had the shoe been on the other foot. I have been consistent all along that the next President, Democrat or Re-publican, should select the next nomi-nee for the Supreme Court. I main-tained that view even when many thought that particular President would be Hillary Clinton. But now the election season is over and we have a new President who has nominated a su-perbly qualified candidate to fill that ninth seat. So I would invite Demo-crats who spent many months insisting we need nine to join us in following through on that advice by giving the new President’s nominee a fair consid-eration and an up-or-down vote, just as we did for past Presidents of both par-ties. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —AUTHORITY  
FOR COMMITTEE TO MEET  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate Select Committee on Intelligence have leave to meet after 2 p.m. today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I rise today on a matter of great impor-tance to everyone in this body and ev-eryone in America: the future of the Supreme Court. Last night, the Presi-dent nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch. We in the Senate have a constitutional duty to examine his record robustly, exhaustively, and comprehensively, and then advise and consent if we see fit. We have a responsibility to reject if we do not. We Democrats will insist on a rigorous but fair process. There will be 60 votes for confirmation. Any one Member can require it. Many Demo-crats already have. And it is the right thing to do. On a subject as important as a Su-preme Court nomination, bipartisan support should be a prerequisite; it should be essential. That is what 60 votes does. This is nothing new. It was a bar met by each of President Obama’s nomina-tions. In my mind, 60 votes is the ap-propriate way to go, whether there is a Democratic President or a Republican President, Democratic Senate or a Re-publican Senate. Because a 60-vote threshold is essen-tial, those who say that at the end of this process, there are only two pos-sible results—that the Senate will con-firm this nominee or the Republicans will use the nuclear option to change the rules of the Senate—are dead wrong. That is a false choice. If this nominee cannot meet the same standard that Republicans in-sisted upon for President Obama’s Su-preme Court nominees—60 votes in the Senate—then the problem lies not with the Senate but with the nominee. The answer should not be to change the rules of the Senate but to change the nominee to someone who can earn 60 votes. Sixty votes produces a main-stream candidate, and the need for a mainstream, consensus candidate is greater now than ever before because we are in new territory in two ways; first, because the Court, under Chief Justice Roberts, has shown increasing drift to become a more and more pro- business, pro-special interest Court, siding more with corporations and em-ployers and special interests over working and average Americans. This in an environment where starkly un-equal concentrations of wealth and ever-increasing corporate power—aided and abetted by the Citizens United de-cision—has skewed the playing field even more decisively toward special in-terests and away from the American citizen. A mainstream nominee would help reverse that trend, not exacerbate it; and, second, another important rea-son we are in a new world here, making a 60-vote margin even more important than it was before—as important as it was before—is this: This administra-tion, at least since its outset, seems to have less respect for the rule of law than any in recent memory and is chal-lenging the Constitution in an unprece-dented fashion. So there is a special burden on this nominee to be an inde-pendent jurist. Let’s go over each point. First, we have a special responsibility to judge whether this nominee will further tip the scales on the Court in favor of Big Business and powerful special interests instead of the average American be-cause over two decades this Court has shifted dangerously in the direction of Big Business and powerful special in-terests. According to a study by the Min-nesota Law Review, the Roberts Court has been the most business-friendly Su-preme Court since World War II. It is the most corporate Court in over 70 years. It was pro-corporate when it fre-quently favored forced arbitration as a way to settle disputes, a process that limits the ability for individuals to form a class and collectively go after large corporate interests; it was pro- corporate when it repeatedly refused to hear legitimate cases where individuals have been harmed by faulty products, discriminatory practices, or fraud; and it was pro-corporate when it came down with one of the worst decisions in the history of the Court: Citizens United. By equating money with speech, the Citizens United decision cut right at the heart of the most sa-cred power in our democracy: the fran-chise of our citizens. It has poisoned our politics by allowing dark money to cascade into the system, entirely un-disclosed. With absolutely no precedent, the Roberts Court came up with the theory that money necessarily equals speech, and under the First Amendment, you are allowed to put your ad on TV 11,000 times to drown out all others, espe-cially average Americans. That dampens the power of their voices, di-lutes the power of their votes. The Citi-zens United decision was the worst de-cision in 100 years, and it is the embod-iment of this new era of the corporate special interests Court. At a time when massive inequality plagues our economy, dark money floods our politics, and faith in institu-tions is low, this rightward shift in the Court is an existential threat to our democracy. Now, more than ever, we require a Justice who will move the Court back in the direction of the people, not only because that is what the law requires but because that is what our system of government requires—summed up, of course, by President Lincoln’s declara-tion that it is ‘‘a government of, by, and for the people.’’ Second, we must insist upon a strong, mainstream, consensus candidate be-cause this Supreme Court will be tried in ways that few Courts have been test-ed since the earliest days of the Repub-lic, when constitutional questions abounded, because, again, this adminis-tration seems to have little regard for the rule of law and is likely to test the Constitution in ways it hasn’t been challenged for decades. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.001 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S543 February 1, 2017 
Just 2 weeks in, the new administra-tion has violated our core values, chal-lenged the separation of powers, stretched the bounds of statute, and tested the very fabric of our Constitu-tion in an unprecedented fashion. The President has questioned the integrity of our elections without evidence, issued legally and constitutionally du-bious Executive actions, such as the one on immigration and refugees, and fired his Acting Attorney General for maintaining her fidelity to the law, rather than pledging obedience to the President. For that, the White House accused her of betrayal. Acting Attorney General Sally Yates offered her professional legal opinion, but because it contradicted the admin-istration’s position, she was fired, even though the very purpose of the Depart-ment of Justice is to be an independent check on any administration. We are just 13 days into this new ad-ministration. How many more of these dismissals will take place over the next 4 years? This is not even close to normal. Many of us have lived through the first few weeks of several administrations of both parties. This is not even close to normal. Now, more than ever, we need a Su-preme Court Justice who is inde-pendent, who eschews ideology, who will preserve our democracy, protect fundamental rights, and will stand up to a President who has already shown a willingness to bend the Constitution. The Supreme Court is now the bul-wark standing between a President who, in too many instances, has little regard for the law, for the separation of powers, for American ideals, for the power of the legislative branch, and for the sanctity of the Nation. Now, more than ever, we require a Justice who will fulfill the Supreme Court’s role in our democracy as a check and balance on the other branches of government. Because this President has started out in such a fundamentally undemo-cratic way, we have to examine this nominee closely. As to the nominee himself, I have serious concerns about how he measures up on these two great issues I just described. First, Judge Gorsuch has consist-ently favored corporate interests over the rights of working people. He re-peatedly sided with insurance compa-nies which wanted to deny disability benefits to employees. In employment discrimination cases, Bloomberg found he has sided with employers a great majority of the time. In one of the few cases he sided with an employee, it was a Republican woman who alleged she was fired for being a conservative. He wrote in an article in 2005 that se-curities class actions were just tools for plaintiffs’ lawyers to get ‘‘free ride[s] to fast riches,’’ ignoring the fact that these lawsuits often bring justice to thousands and thousands of people who have no power without the class action suit. On money and politics, he seems to be in the same company as Justices Thomas and Scalia, willing to restrict the most commonsense contribution limits. It seems President Trump, who has said he would be for the working man and woman, has not chosen someone who routinely sides with the average American. Instead, it seems he has se-lected a nominee to the Supreme Court who sides with CEOs over citizens. Second, Judge Gorsuch lacks a record demonstrating the kind of independ-ence the Court desperately needs right now. He has shown a tendency to let ideology influence his decisions, criti-cizing ‘‘liberals’’ for turning to the courts to advance policy. The irony is this: Those who blame liberals for leg-islating through the courts are usually activist judges themselves. In recent years, conservative judges have proven to be the true activists, completely re-imagining the scope of the First Amendment through Citizens United, gutting key provision of the Voting Rights Act that had lasted for decades and decades, and attempting to roll back the established law of the land, Roe v. Wade. Judge Gorsuch has shown disdain for the use of the courtroom to vindicate fundamental rights, a viewpoint that should be anathema to anyone in the legal system but is particularly inap-propriate for somebody who seeks a seat on the highest Court in the land. Because of this, women are duly wor-ried about the preservation of their rights and equality, as is the LGBT community. With an administration that has already challenged funda-mental American rights and will do so again, the courtroom must be a place where those rights can be vindicated. As Senators, we are endowed with an awesome power to judge whether this man, Judge Gorsuch, has the right to a title that is higher than all the others in our judicial system, the title of ‘‘Justice.’’ Therefore, we must be absolutely cer-tain that this person is a strong, main-stream candidate who has respect for the rule of law and the application of basic constitutional rights to all Amer-icans, a deference to precedent, a non-ideological approach to the Court, and the resolve to be a bulwark against the constitutional encroaches of this ad-ministration. Judge Neil Gorsuch, throughout his career, has repeatedly sided with cor-porations over working people, dem-onstrated a hostility toward women’s rights, and, most troubling, hewed to an ideological approach to jurispru-dence that makes me skeptical that he can be a strong, independent Justice on the Court. Given that record, I have very serious doubts that Judge Neil Gorsuch is up to the job. The Supreme Court now rests in a delicate balance. We cannot allow it to be further captured by corporate influ-ence or bullied by Executive overreach. The Senate has a responsibility to weigh this nominee with the highest level of scrutiny, to have an exhaus-tive, robust, and comprehensive debate on Judge Gorsuch’s fitness to be a Su-preme Court Justice. We Democrats will ensure that it does. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEE TO MEET VITIATED  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the re-quest in relation to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence be vitiated. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, last evening, I had the pleasure of being at the White House when Presi-dent Trump introduced his nominee to be Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch, who hap-pens to be serving on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. It shouldn’t surprise anybody that President Trump deliv-ered on a promise made during the campaign, when he listed 21 people he would choose from. Everybody knew ahead of time what sort of a judge he would put on for this vacancy or any future vacancy. Judge Gorsuch’s decade of service on the Tenth Circuit has earned him a reputation as a brilliant, principled, and mainstream judge, just exactly the sort of mainstream that Senator S
CHU-
MER must have been thinking about when he said he wants a mainstream judge. It has already been widely reported that he was unanimously confirmed by a voice vote to the Tenth Circuit in 2006. There are still 31 Senators in this body who voted for the judge at that particular time; 12 of them are Demo-crats, and one of them is Senator S
CHU-
MER. Judge Gorsuch was supported, of course, by both of his home State Sen-ators for the Tenth Circuit. One hap-pened to be a Republican, and one a Democrat. He has been recognized as a great jurist by Members from both par-ties. For instance, when he was sworn into the Tenth Circuit, Senator Sala-zar, then a Democratic Senator from Colorado, remarked that the judge ‘‘has a sense of fairness and impar-tiality that is a keystone of being a judge.’’ The judge happens to be fourth gen-eration Coloradan. He is eminently qualified to be the next Associate Jus-tice of the Supreme Court. His decades of experience span many facets of our legal system. A graduate of Columbia University and Harvard Law School, the judge was also a prestigious Mar-shall scholar at Oxford. He served as Principal Deputy Attorney General at the Department of Justice. Judge Gorsuch also knows the Su-preme Court well, having clerked for Supreme Court Justices Byron White and also Anthony Kennedy, who is still on the Court. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.002 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES544 February 1, 2017 
He currently serves with distinction on the Tenth Circuit, where he has es-tablished himself as a mainstream judge with a reputation as a fair and brilliant jurist. As a mainstream ju-rist, Judge Gorsuch enjoys broad re-spect across the ideological spectrum. At the confirmation hearing for his current judgeship on the Tenth Circuit, he was introduced by Republican Sen-ator Allard from Colorado and Demo-cratic Senator Salazar from Colorado. Senator Salazar, of course, isn’t ex-actly a conservative firebrand, having most recently served as head of the transition team of Secretary Clinton. At his hearing in 2006, William Hughes, Jr., a Democratic candidate for the House of Representatives, au-thored a strong letter of recommenda-tion for Judge Gorsuch stating: 
I have never found, nor thought, Neil’s views or opinions to be tainted or swayed by any partisan leanings. Quite to the contrary, his approach to all things professional and personal has always been moderate and prac-tical. 
There are plenty of other examples of strong bipartisan support for Judge Gorsuch. Even observers in the press recognize his reputation for fairness. Just last week the Denver Post en-dorsed the judge, saying: He ‘‘has ap-plied the law fairly and consistently.’’ Judge John Kane, a colleague on the District Court of Colorado, appointed by President Carter, says this about Judge Gorsuch: 
[He] listens well and decides justly. His dis-sents are instructive rather than vitriolic. In sum, I think he is an excellent judicial craftsman. 
After his nomination was announced last evening, the highest praise so far came from President Obama’s former Solicitor General, Neal Katyal, who de-scribed the nominee this way: 
Judge Gorsuch is one of the most thought-ful and brilliant judges to have served our nation over the last century. As a judge, he has always put aside his personal views to serve the rule of law. To boot, as those of us who have worked with him can attest, he is a wonderfully decent and humane person. I strongly support his nomination to the Su-preme Court. 
To me, following the law wherever that law and case may lead is perhaps the most important attribute for a Su-preme Court Justice to possess. That principle guided Justice Scalia’s deci-sionmaking and it is also how Judge Gorsuch has said judges should ap-proach the law. The judge once wrote, quoting Jus-tice Scalia: 
If you are going to be a good and faithful judge, you have to resign yourself to the fact that you are not always going to like the conclusion you reach. If you like them all the time, you are probably doing something wrong. 
That gets back to something very basic. A judge is supposed to be dis-passionate. A judge is supposed to leave their personal views out of it. A judge looks at the law on the one hand and the facts of the case on the other and makes the decision based on just those two things. So from what I have learned so far, the judge’s judicial record reflects this philosophy of being dispassionate, following the Constitu-tion and the laws passed by Congress. I think he said last night something like this: A judge is supposed to judge and a legislature is supposed to legislate, and a judge should not be legislating. Judge Gorsuch doesn’t legislate from the bench, nor does he impose his own beliefs on others. To quote from a speech at Case Western, he said that judges should strive ‘‘to apply the law as it is, focusing backward, not for-ward, and looking to the text, struc-ture, and history to decide what a rea-sonable reader at the time of the events in question would have under-stood the law to be—not to decide cases based on their own moral convictions or the policy consequences they believe might serve society best.’’ I believe it is this fundamental sense of fairness and sense of duty in uphold-ing the Constitution and the laws passed by Congress that has led Judge Gorsuch to be a highly regarded jurist. After the tragic passing of Justice Scalia, we made it clear that the Sen-ate would wait for the American people to have a say in the future of the Court. I said even before the election that no matter who won the Presi-dential election, we would move for-ward with the new President’s nomi-nee. I maintained this position even on the eve of the election, and I main-tained that position even when every-one seemed to believe that our next President would be Secretary Clinton. I have been consistent. Unfortunately, some of my Demo-cratic colleagues—the very Senators who held all those rallies chanting ‘‘we need nine’’—have already said they in-tend to do everything they can to stop this eminently qualified judge. That is very, very unfortunate. I hope and trust that approach won’t be uniform on their side. So I look forward to moving forward with a hearing, when we will learn a great deal more about Judge Gorsuch, and I look forward to an up-or-down vote on his nomination. I thank the Senate, and I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, fi-nally, on Monday, the Senate moved forward with the nomination of Rex Tillerson to be the next Secretary of State. His confirmation before this Chamber to serve as our top diplomat should have been a no-brainer, but we know that our Democratic colleagues are still trying to relitigate the elec-tion of November 8, and because their preferred candidate lost, they are now trying to do everything they can to slow-walk and to hamper the ability of the winner, President Trump, to get his Cabinet up and running to govern the country. While they think they may be hurting the President and his administration, what they are really doing is hurting the American people whom the government serves. I hope they will reconsider. It is really sad it has taken this long due to the foot-dragging of our col-leagues across the aisle who are sort of in a resistance mode. I really do be-lieve it is like the stages of grief, like the Kubler-Ross stages, where the first one, of course, is denial, the second is anger, and then ultimately you get to acceptance. But they are a long way to acceptance, and they are still in the anger phase of their grieving the out-come of the November 8 election. When the shoe was on the other foot, we confirmed seven of President Obama’s Cabinet nominees on the day he was inaugurated—January 20, 2009— but apparently this is the new normal. I just hope our Democratic col-leagues realize that this is not serving the public interest, and it is not, frank-ly, good politics, it strikes me, to be so angry and throw a temper tantrum—or, as I said yesterday to some folks, grow-ing up, people used to talk about throwing a hissy fit, and this really strikes me as throwing a hissy fit. Much has been made of Rex Tillerson’s incredible leadership role in a major corporation. Obviously, he has done a tremendous job for one of the largest businesses in the world. He was working for the shareholders of that corporation in that capacity. Now his enormous experience and aptitude and talent are going to be put to work for the American Nation and for the Amer-ican people. I believe that not only is he a person of conviction and competence, he is also a man of character. He believes in putting this country first, and I have no doubt he will serve the United States with great integrity and care. It is none too early for us to transi-tion to somebody of his great qualifica-tions and experience. Our country is no longer respected by many of our friends around the world because we have withdrawn from international leader-ship. We are no longer feared by our ad-versaries, who are all too quick to fill the leadership vacuum around the world—Russia being perhaps the most obvious example not only in Crimea and in Ukraine but obviously in Syria and now in Libya. It is dangerous. It is destabilizing. So I am very pleased that we will have a new Secretary of State and a new national security leadership team. If there is one thing that I think President Trump has done right, it is select good people, from M
IKEPENCE as the Vice President, Gen. Jim Mattis as Secretary of Defense, Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State, and Gen. John Kelly of the Department of Homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.004 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S545 February 1, 2017 
Security. I think he has chosen very well. I could go on and on with his Cab-inet members and say the same thing about each one of them. We will vote on the confirmation of Mr. Tillerson shortly, between 2 and 2:30 p.m. or in that time frame. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Madam President, what I want to talk about as well is the announcement that President Trump made last night about his choice to fill the Supreme Court vacancy left open by the tragic death of Justice Antonin Scalia. I couldn’t be more pleased with his nom-ination of Judge Neil Gorsuch of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. I can’t imagine that the Presi-dent could have chosen a more quali-fied, more principled, or more main-stream pick for the job of Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. We have all heard some of the details of his personal background, including that he is a Colorado native and that he served in the Denver-based Tenth Circuit Court for a decade, and he is well known and respected in legal cir-cles for his intellect, his brilliant writ-ing, and his faithful interpretation of the Constitution and laws passed by Congress. In short, he is a tremendous jurist with an impeccable legal and academic record. He went to schools like Columbia University, Harvard Law School, and Oxford as a Marshall schol-ar. In addition to his decade on the bench, his professional experience in-cludes many years practicing law. As a recovering lawyer myself and recov-ering judge, I can say that one of the things I think the Supreme Court needs is more people with practical ex-perience, serving as lawyers for clients in court. We have some people with great academic credentials but very few people with any practical experi-ence as practicing lawyers. It is impor-tant because once they get on the U.S. Supreme Court, Justices are totally isolated from the rest of the world by the nature of their job. So people need to come to that job with the experience of working with individuals, under-standing the strengths and the weak-nesses of the legal system and what their role should be. He not only practiced law at a top law firm as a partner, he had pres-tigious clerkships, including on the Su-preme Court of the United States. He actually clerked for two Supreme Court Justices—Justice Byron White and Justice Anthony Kennedy—as well as served in the Department of Justice. There is absolutely no question that Judge Gorsuch is a qualified, high-cal-iber nominee, and I have no doubt that he will serve the Nation well. The rea-son I say he is a qualified, high-caliber nominee is because when he was con-firmed to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, he was confirmed by the Sen-ate on a voice vote. In other words, he was essentially voted for unanimously, including by people like Senator S
CHU-
MER, the Democratic leader, who was here at the time, and others of our col-leagues across the aisle. So I think it is going to be very important for the American people, as they hear the in-evitable criticism of this nomination, to remember the Senators who were here at the time Judge Gorsuch was confirmed to the Tenth Circuit, and they expressed none of those concerns or reservations then. I think, most importantly, Judge Gorsuch will honor the legacy of Jus-tice Antonin Scalia on the U.S. Su-preme Court, but even more impor-tantly, he will honor the U.S. Constitu-tion and the unique role of our judici-ary and our system of government. I think one of the things Justice Scalia made a point of during his professional lifetime was to point out how judges had unfortunately become policy-makers rather than interpreters and appliers of the Constitution and the written law. Of course, the problem with that is that judges in the Federal system don’t stand for election, so we have lifetime-tenured, unelected Fed-eral judges becoming, in effect, a trump card or super-legislature for our system of government. That certainly isn’t what James Madison and the Founding Fathers contemplated. Jus-tice Scalia was a tribute to that tradi-tional role of interpreter of a written Constitution and written laws and re-specting the limited, albeit important, role judges play in our system of gov-ernment. Put another way, Judge Gorsuch meets every test, and he passes all of them with flying colors. We have heard from the Democratic leader that President Trump needed to appoint a mainstream nominee. Well, there is no doubt that if that is the lit-mus test for our friends on the other side of the aisle, Judge Gorsuch meets that test. He has the respect of even people who served on the other side of him in litigation and people whose ide-ological views differ quite a bit. Here is what a former Solicitor Gen-eral under President Obama had to say about Judge Gorsuch: Judge Gorsuch is one of the most thought-ful and brilliant judges to have served our nation over the last century. As a judge, he has always put aside his personal views to serve the rule of law. 
He goes on to say: 
I strongly support his nomination to the Supreme Court. 
This is the sort of respect Judge Gorsuch, in his tenure as a judge, has generated. He has gained respect even from people who are on the opposite end of the ideological spectrum be-cause they realize that Judge Gorsuch will be, first and foremost, somebody who applies the written Constitution and enforces the rule of law—laws passed by the political branches of gov-ernment—and does not attempt to sup-plant his own personal agenda for that of the chosen representatives of the American people. As I said, that is why 11 years ago Democrats joined with Re-publicans to confirm him unanimously to the Tenth Circuit. I mentioned Sen-ator SCHUMER , who was here at the time, as well as Senator D
URBIN and several members of the Judiciary Com-mittee still serving in the Senate, in-cluding the ranking member, Senator F
EINSTEIN from California, and the sen-ior Senator from Vermont, Senator L
EAHY . All of them were here at the time. Because of the voice vote, they didn’t note any dissent or disagree-ment, so we would say that essentially is a unanimous vote of the U.S. Senate. So it will be interesting to hear from them about any reservations or con-cerns they now voice. I hope that at least they will allow us to have an up- or-down vote on the nomination of this outstanding nominee. To hear Judge Gorsuch last night and to look at his biography, to read his ex-tensive record and appreciate his schol-arship and his commitment to the rule of law—all of this is to see precisely the kind of person who should be con-firmed to the Supreme Court. I believe the American people will see that as clear as day. I hope our colleagues across the aisle will resist the temptation to obstruct and drag their feet when it comes to this important nomination. I hope they will not kowtow to some of the ex-treme factions in their own party. They have repeatedly argued for the importance of having nine Justices on the Supreme Court. Now that the American people have spoken by elect-ing President Trump, and he has now announced his pick, they should honor that selection. That pick is superb, the kind of nominee who was supported unanimously by Democrats in the past and is endorsed by President Obama’s own Solicitor General. Let’s move forward with an undeni-ably qualified nominee. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that all remaining quorum calls during consideration of the Tillerson nomination be equally di-vided. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I am coming back to the floor to correct the record on my earlier comments, where I said Republicans ‘‘insisted’’ on 60 votes for each of President Obama’s nominees. Sixty votes is a bar that was met by each of President Obama’s nominees, but at the time, there was no need for a cloture vote because we knew each of them would garner 60. This is important to clarify because I believe 60 votes is the right standard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.005 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES546 February 1, 2017 
for this nominee—not because they did it to us or we did it to them but be-cause 60 votes, as I mentioned in my remarks, produces a mainstream can-didate and, as I laid out earlier, the Su-preme Court requires a mainstream candidate now more than ever. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HEINRICH. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HEINRICH. Madam President, since President Trump was inaugu-rated, he has unveiled a series of dam-aging and truly un-American Executive orders—in particular, the Executive order banning refugees and individuals from Muslim-majority countries from entering our country. For President Trump and his team, it is a projection of an inward-looking, isolationist vision for America. For many New Mexicans, myself included, it is also seen as an attempt to fun-damentally change our American val-ues. We are not a country that dis-criminates based on how you pray. We are not a nation that turns our back on the innocent victims of terrorism or the allies who have risked their own lives so that American soldiers might live. President Trump’s actions seek to turn us into the kind of authoritarian Nation that we have always stood against. He has promoted this dark vi-sion instead of asserting America’s longstanding role as a voice for democ-racy, for freedom, human rights, the environment, tolerance, and respect for women—values which extend far be-yond our shores. In essence, this selfish and bully-like mentality abandon the values that we hold dear and which have defined our great Nation as a global power. It should come as no surprise that President Trump’s nominees to be our Nation’s top diplomats—Nikki Haley, Rex Tillerson—have no diplomatic ex-perience. On Nikki Haley’s first day on the job, President Trump announced that he would be cutting funding for the United Nations by 40 percent, and Ambassador Haley announced to the world that the United States is now ‘‘taking names’’ of those who disagree with us. In an attempt to show strength, the Trump administration is actually cre-ating weakness. By stepping away from multinational organizations that we helped establish—organizations like the U.N. and NATO—and by presenting a hostile attitude to other countries and allies, the United States is walking away from its role as the indispensable Nation. This morning, former CIA Director and retired GEN David Petraeus warned that the global alliances of the United States are at risk, stating: Americans should not take the current international order for granted. It did not will itself into existence. We created it. Likewise, it is not naturally self-sus-taining. We have sustained it. If we stop doing so, it will fray and, eventually, col-lapse. 
Just as I am not confident in Presi-dent Trump’s nominee for Ambassador to the United Nations, I am equally concerned, if not more so, about his choice for Secretary of State. During his Senate confirmation hearing, Rex Tillerson, the former CEO of ExxonMobil, demonstrated that he is blatantly unaware of global affairs. He failed to recognize and condemn human rights violations around the world, in-cluding in Saudi Arabia and the Phil-ippines, and declared dangerous policy positions without knowing what those policies would actually mean. In his hearing, Mr. Tillerson repeat-edly avoided answering the most rudi-mentary questions about foreign policy by stating things like ‘‘I’d need more information on that issue.’’ For as long as I can remember, throughout grade school and college, women in Saudi Arabia have lacked basic freedoms. Yet Mr. Tillerson ei-ther had no knowledge of women’s issues in Saudi Arabia or fails to value the importance of that issue, which I believe to be an American value. The United States faces an increas-ing number of global threats, including North Korea, Russia, China, Iran, and terrorist organizations across multiple continents. We face evolving threats from nonstate actors and terrorist or-ganizations such as Al Qaeda and the Islamic State. Instability and civil war in the Middle East have led to the greatest global refugee crisis since World War II. Russia and China are acting aggressively to assert their in-fluence and challenge and provoke American interests and allies. Global threats such as pandemic disease, nu-clear proliferation, and climate change require international cooperation and responses. The next Secretary of State will be diving headfirst into all of these in-credibly daunting and gravely impor-tant foreign policy challenges. Mr. Tillerson’s lack of foreign policy expe-rience, combined with a President who promotes an isolationist world view, leaves me deeply concerned for the fu-ture of American foreign policy. The world looks to America to up-hold human rights, to promote demo-cratic values, and to take the lead on many challenges we face as an inter-national community. The American people look to the White House and to the State Department to represent our fundamental American values on that international stage. The American peo-ple expect their leaders to show that their only interest is in representing the public’s best interest. Americans have reason to doubt where Rex Tillerson’s interests rest. His world view has been shaped through the lens of looking out for what is best for his company’s profits, not what is best for the American peo-ple, not what is best to address com-plex international challenges. Just like negotiating a real estate deal does not prepare one to lead the Nation, negoti-ating oil deals does not prepare you to be a diplomat whose primary interest is in advocating for American values. When Mr. Tillerson has worked with foreign governments to pursue lucra-tive oil deals and profits, he has been agnostic to human rights and to Amer-ica’s diplomatic and security interests as well. As Exxon’s CEO during the Iraq war, Mr. Tillerson undermined the State Department’s efforts to keep Iraq cohesive as a nation and instead served the interest of his company’s financial gain, in direct conflict to the American interest. Under Mr. Tillerson’s guidance, ExxonMobil signed a deal directly with the Kurdish administration in the country’s northern region, a move that fueled Kurdish secessionist ambitions and undercut the legitimacy of Iraq’s central government. This deal was drawn despite the State Department’s recommendation that they wait until national legislation was passed because a law governing nationwide oil invest-ments was being reviewed by Par-liament. In Russia, Mr. Tillerson worked closely with Vladimir Putin’s govern-ment to forge deals to drill for oil in the Arctic, the Black Sea, and Siberia. Mr. Tillerson developed such a cozy re-lationship with the Kremlin that in 2013 he was awarded the Order of Friendship by Vladimir Putin, the highest honor awarded to non-Rus-sians. After Russia unlawfully invaded the Ukraine and took Crimea, the United States and the European Union enacted sanctions against Russia that Mr. Tillerson would be partly responsible for overseeing as Secretary of State. Right now, when we are trying to hold Russia accountable for its illegal ag-gression in Eastern Europe, for its war crimes in Aleppo, and for its inter-ference in our own Nation’s election, how on Earth can we trust someone with such a cozy relationship with the Putin government to be our Secretary of State? Mr. Tillerson’s record also leads one to wonder how he will address the im-perative to implement the Paris cli-mate agreement, especially since President Trump is now exploring how to withdraw from it. At the height of the debate on climate change legisla-tion in Congress, Mr. Tillerson spent tens of millions of dollars to kill a bill that would have reduced our carbon emissions sooner. It has also been re-ported that his scientists at Exxon have known about the relationship be-tween carbon emissions and climate since the 1980s and that Exxon even made business decisions about what re-sources to develop and how based on that knowledge. Yet, under Mr. Tillerson’s leadership, they chose to withhold those findings and fund 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.007 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S547 February 1, 2017 
groups determined to sow confusion and doubt. How can we be confident that Mr. Tillerson will help America address the impacts of climate change and put America’s security and values first as our top diplomat? Those conflicts of interest are trou-bling enough, but the most troubling reason I cannot support Mr. Tillerson’s nomination is this: In just the first week and a half of the Trump White House, we have seen numerous cases of Trump nominees saying one thing dur-ing their confirmation hearings before this body and then the administration turning around and doing something entirely different. After Secretary Mattis told us that he opposed the Muslim travel ban and Director Pompeo stated his opposition in hear-ings to torture, we saw this adminis-tration move forward with both. I have seen nothing that shows me that Rex Tillerson will stand up to President Trump’s dangerous vision for American foreign policy. What will he do to stand up for NATO? What indica-tion do we have that he will call on the President to act in the interests of the American people and not the interests of President Trump’s business holdings in numerous nations around the world? The Secretary of State sits on the National Security Council. Will Mr. Tillerson stand up to Steve Bannon, President Trump’s political strategist who has been outrageously placed on the National Security Council, while, I would add, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs and the Director of National In-telligence were demoted? President Trump has shown that he trusts the former leader of the far-right Web site Breitbart News more than our leading generals and his appointed leader of the intelligence community. You can already see the influence of Mr. Bannon, who has made a career out of selling hateful and divisive propaganda aimed at women, Hispanics, African Americans, Jews, and other minorities in the actions President Trump has taken in his first days in office. During his first week in office, Presi-dent Trump floated the idea of bringing back the CIA’s use of ‘‘black site’’ pris-ons and torture techniques, imposed a gag order on our Federal agencies, and renewed talk of a wall on our southern border. All of this culminated with an Execu-tive order blocking refugees from around the world from entering the United States. This is not greatness. In fact, this is un-American. I will not stand aside as the values that created the greatest Nation on Earth are tram-pled upon. This dangerous Executive action has already had a clear human impact. In New Mexico, the Albuquerque Journal reports that our universities have issued an advisory to foreign students and faculty: ‘‘Don’t leave the country if you want to come back.’’ Think about that. My office has already heard from New Mexicans who fear for their safety and the safety of their families abroad as a direct result of this order. A man who moved to the United States as a refugee from Iraq and settled in my hometown told me that his wife and two kids went to Baghdad to attend his mother-in-law’s funeral. They are cur-rently in Iraq and scheduled to return in February. They are all green card holders. They are part of our commu-nity. President Trump’s Executive order has left him and his family feel-ing in limbo. He said: ‘‘I am afraid about our destiny as a family, I am afraid I will lose them.’’ The heartbreaking human impact we have already seen is only part of why the Muslim travel ban was such an ap-palling action for the President to take. George Washington once said: ‘‘I had always hoped that this land might be-come a safe & agreeable Asylum to the virtuous & persecuted part of mankind, to whatever nation they might be-long.’’ It is very clear that President Trump is clearly no George Wash-ington. This Executive order flies in the face of that sentiment and, I be-lieve, the sentiment we share as Ameri-cans. I joined my colleagues in sending a letter to President Trump about this order. I am particularly outraged about the absurd and careless nature of the order, which will have a profound effect on many Iraqi men and women who risked their lives and the lives of their families on behalf of our soldiers, on behalf of American soldiers. Late last summer, I traveled to Iraq, to Kuwait, to the heart of Africa, and I met with top military officials to dis-cuss operations against ISIL, Al Qaeda, and other terrorist organizations. In order to find a lasting solution in that volatile region, we must take a smart approach that provides training, re-sources, and support to our regional al-lies, like the Iraqi security forces, rather than putting tens of thousands of U.S. troops on the frontlines there ourselves. Alienating our regional al-lies, alienating Muslims as a whole puts all of that at risk. Former Cabinet Secretaries, senior government officials, diplomats, mili-tary servicemembers, and intelligence community professionals who have served in the Bush administration and the Obama administration together have expressed their deep concern this week with President Trump’s Execu-tive order. In a letter, they warned: 
This Order not only jeopardizes tens of thousands of lives, it has caused a crisis right here in America and will do long-term damage to our national security. In the middle of the night, just as we were beginning our nation’s commemoration of the Holocaust, dozens of refugees onboard flights to the United States and thousands of visitors were swept up in an Order of unprec-edented scope, apparently with little to no oversight or input from national security professionals. 
Also this week, the Iraqi Parliament, in direct response to President Trump’s Muslim travel ban, voted to implement an identical visa ban on Americans. How can we possibly think this is in our national security interests? Rex Tillerson has not answered ques-tions about President Trump’s Muslim travel ban. Mr. Tillerson needs to tell us where he stands on this un-Amer-ican policy. If we are going to move forward on his nomination, Mr. Tillerson needs to reassure the Amer-ican people and he needs to reassure this body that he understands the re-percussions of these kinds of appalling actions. He needs to show us that he will stand up for American values and against the President’s dangerous im-pulses that will isolate our Nation, al-ienate our allies, and abdicate our role as leader of the free world. Mr. Tillerson has not shown any of that to me, to this body, or to the American public. Thousands of New Mexicans have flooded my office with letters, emails, and phone calls urging me to oppose his nomination. I share New Mexicans’ well-founded concerns about Mr. Tillerson’s qualifications to lead the State Department and to stand up for our Nation’s interests. I will not support his nomination, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stop and think carefully about this vote we are about to take. Our Nation’s future role in the world is at stake. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, I rise today in opposition to Rex Tillerson’s nomination to be our next Secretary of State. I don’t believe Mr. Tillerson is an appropriate selection to be our Nation’s chief diplomat. During his confirmation hearing, Mr. Tillerson repeatedly evaded questions related to transparency and corporate responsibility. For instance, on mul-tiple occasions Mr. Tillerson stated that he was unaware of Exxon’s history of lobbying Congress; yet, according to lobbying disclosure forms, Exxon lob-bied against a variety of Iran and Rus-sia-related sanctions since at least 2010. When pressed on the matter, Mr. Tillerson even claimed he didn’t know if Exxon lobbied for or against these energy-related sanctions bills. Additionally, I am troubled by Mr. Tillerson’s response to questions about Exxon’s dealings with Iran, Syria, and Sudan. According to public documents, Exxon established a joint venture with Shell to conduct business with state sponsors of terror. That joint venture— Infineum—sold petroleum products to Iran, Sudan, and Syria, when those na-tions were being sanctioned by the United States. During that time, Mr. Tillerson rose from senior vice president to president and director and eventually to chair-man and CEO of Exxon; yet, during his testimony, Mr. Tillerson claimed to be unaware of Infineum’s purposeful eva-sion of sanctions. Instead of recog-nizing the larger national interest, Mr. Tillerson suggested that American companies could legally avoid sanc-tions by setting up shell companies outside of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.008 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES548 February 1, 2017 
Infineum is not the only example of Exxon’s history of undermining Amer-ican policy. Under Mr. Tillerson’s lead-ership, Exxon signed oil exploration contracts with the Kurds in Iraq. Doing so undermined the United States ‘‘one Iraq’’ policy and exacerbated the long- simmering conflict between the central government and the Kurds. That is be-cause Exxon signed contracts to ex-plore oil at six sites. Three of those sites were on disputed land claimed by both the Kurds and the Iraqi central government. By agreeing to explore in disputed territory on behalf of the Kurds, Exxon changed the facts on the ground in favor of the Kurds. Exxon’s decision may have been good for Exxon, but it certainly did not benefit a stable, uni-fied Iraq. I am also concerned by Mr. Tillerson’s response to questions about Russia. Russia has invaded Ukraine, annexed Crimea, intervened in Syria, and meddled in our own elections; yet Mr. Tillerson refuses to offer support for international sanctions against Russia. He refuses to describe Russia’s bomb-ing of Syrian hospitals and schools— and a U.N. humanitarian aid convoy— as war crimes. Russia remains in violation of the Minsk agreement and continues to oc-cupy Crimea, indiscriminately bomb in Syria, and hack American think tanks. Now is not the time to remove sanc-tions against Russia, and I have little confidence Mr. Tillerson is committed to pushing back against Russian ag-gression. Finally, Mr. Tillerson’s indifference to the two-state solution between Israel and the Palestinians is unaccept-able. Specifically, Mr. Tillerson said that a two-state solution is a ‘‘dream’’ and openly questioned whether or not it could ever become a reality. The re-ality is that, without a two-state solu-tion, Israel cannot be both a democ-racy and a majority-Jewish state. Today Israel is constructing settle-ments throughout the West Bank. Pal-estinian terror and incitement con-tinue. Mr. Tillerson’s almost casual dismissal of the two-state solution is disqualifying for a Secretary of State. Our chief diplomat must understand the urgency of the situation and must be willing to engage both sides in the pursuit of peace. I simply do not believe Mr. Tillerson is interested in doing so. Mr. Tillerson’s lack of transparency, history of working against our na-tional interests, close ties to Russia, and indifference to Israel’s future make him unfit to serve as the Sec-retary of State. I intend to oppose Mr. Tillerson, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Presi-dent, my father served in the Foreign Service at the Department of State, so I spent some of my early years over-seas. I was proud to be part of a family that represented our great country. I learned firsthand the critical role of our Nation’s diplomats, the risks that they take to serve our country, and the part that they play in spreading Amer-ican ideals of freedom and democracy around the world. The cabinet position of Secretary of State is as old as our Nation. Thomas Jefferson served as President Washing-ton’s Secretary of State. The Secretary is the President’s top foreign policy ad-viser and our Nation’s chief representa-tive abroad. Today the State Depart-ment reaches across the world, advanc-ing our interests, shaping our relation-ships, advocating for human rights, and working to advance peace. In addition, the Secretary of State will encounter a department of em-ployees who are deeply concerned about the role that they will play and the actions that they may be expected to take in service to the new President. Last week, the Washington Post re-ported that the State Department’s en-tire senior management resigned, in-cluding officials who had worked in both Republican and Democratic ad-ministrations. This was an unprece-dented loss of institutional knowledge. And by yesterday afternoon, a dis-sent letter by State Department staff saying that President Trump’s execu-tive order to temporarily bar citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries would not make the Nation safer had attracted around 1,000 signatures, far more than any dissent cable in recent years. President Trump’s campaign rhetoric has shaken our allies—wavering on our commitment to NATO, gratuitously es-calating arguments with China and Mexico, and empowering an increas-ingly aggressive Russia. Mr. Trump has made fawning statements about Rus-sian President Vladimir Putin. In Octo-ber 2007, Mr. Trump said of Putin, ‘‘he’s doing a great job.’’ In December 2011, Mr. Trump praised Putin’s ‘‘intel-ligence’’ and ‘‘no-nonsense way.’’ In June 2013, Mr. Trump wondered if Putin would be his ‘‘new best friend.’’ And in July 2015, Mr. Trump said, ‘‘I think I’d get along very well with Vladimir Putin.’’ And Mr. Trump has questioned the reality of climate change. He tweeted, ‘‘The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.’’ The Secretary of State thus must play a crucial role in maintaining rela-tionships between the United States and our allies around the world. In the face of Mr. Trump’s statements and ac-tions, the need for a strong Secretary of State is all the more important. President Trump has nominated Rex Tillerson, the former CEO of ExxonMobil, to take on this critical role. Mr. Tillerson, who has never served in government, has spent many years building business relationships with Russia and Vladimir Putin, and in 2013, even received the Russian Order of Friendship, an award given to for-eigners who work to improve relations with Russia. Mr. Tillerson has had particularly close dealings with Igor Sechin, the head of a state-owned Russian oil com-pany whom the United States has sanc-tioned and banned from entering the United States. In 2014, Mr. Tillerson opposed sanc-tioning Russia for its actions in Ukraine and reportedly lobbied the government against those sanctions. According to Reuters, ‘‘[Tillerson] added that Exxon does not ‘generally’ support sanctions and has made that view known to the U.S. Government. . . . ‘We’re having conversations such that our views are being heard at the highest levels.’ Tillerson told report-ers.’’ And yet, in his confirmation hearing, Mr. Tillerson denied that he or Exxon directly lobbied against the sanctions. Given Russia’s interference with U.S. elections and Russia’s increased provo-cation of our allies, we need to be able to rely on our Secretary of State to ad-vance U.S. interests above all. Mr. Tillerson’s long and close relationship with Russia casts doubt on his ability and inclination to pursue additional sanctions as necessary and on the qual-ity of advice that he will give the President. And despite the active na-tional conversation about Russia, Mr. Tillerson said in his hearing that he and President Trump had not even dis-cussed Russian policy with any speci-ficity. I am also concerned that Mr. Tillerson does not seem to view human rights as a critical issue for the State Department. In addition to refusing to condemn Russian and Syrian atrocities as war crimes, he did not condemn Philippine President Duterte’s extrajudicial killings. This is particu-larly disturbing, as President Duterte has alleged that President Trump ap-proves of his actions. Mr. Tillerson ap-peared hesitant to weigh in on human rights abuses. But the State Depart-ment cannot be silent and must be an outspoken voice for human rights, even to our allies. Mr. Tillerson appears not to appre-ciate America’s role as a beacon of light around the world that stands up for the rule of law and human rights. This is especially troubling, as Presi-dent Trump’s order last Friday to sus-pend America’s refugee programs is an attack on everything for which our country stands. President Trump’s order has made us less safe by playing into ISIS’s propaganda, casting our fight against terrorism as a fight against an entire religion. That is not who we are as a nation. We must re-main vigilant and resolute against ef-forts to sow fear and division, and we must fight together to protect the rights and freedoms of all people. President Trump’s executive order highlights the need for a Secretary of State who will push back against President Trump’s worst impulses. Mr. Tillerson, however, seems ready to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.041 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S549 February 1, 2017 
the opposite and reinforce many of President Trump’s worst instincts. Mr. Tillerson’s lack of focus on human rights and the rule of law indicate that he seems not to appreciate the role of American in the world—particularly dangerous traits when President Trump is retreating from America’s 70- year special role in the world, retreat-ing—in the words of a recent article in The Atlantic—to a pre-1941 world of ‘‘closed borders, limited trade, intoler-ance to diversity, arms races, and a go- it-alone national race to the bottom.’’ Finally, I seriously question Mr. Tillerson’s commitment to working with our allies and cosigners of the Paris Climate Agreement to confront one of our greatest global challenges. While at certain points, he has ac-knowledged the dangers of climate change, he has more recently ques-tioned the science and the human con-tribution. In his hearing, he acknowl-edged that climate change does exist and that the United States needed to have a seat at the table, but he failed to express any urgency to respond or a clear commitment to the Paris Agree-ment. While Mr. Tillerson may be a skilled business dealmaker, the job of the Sec-retary of State and the leader of our State Department requires the experi-ence and determination to meet our current challenges. Given his extensive ties to Russia and questionable com-mitment to advancing human rights and combatting climate change, I do not believe that Mr. Tillerson is the right person for this job, and I will vote against his confirmation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. THUNE. Madam President, last night President Trump announced the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. He will fill the spot left vacant by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. Justice Scalia left a profound mark on our judicial history. He had a bril-liant mind, a ready wit, and a vivid and colorful writing style that made read-ing his decisions not only illuminating but enjoyable. But most importantly, Antonin Scalia had a profound respect for the rule of law and the Constitu-tion. He knew that he was a judge, not a legislator, and his job was not to make the law but to interpret the law. That is exactly what he did. For 30 years, Justice Scalia ruled on the plain meaning of the laws and the Constitution. His politics, his personal opinions, his own feelings about a case—none of those was allowed to play a role in his decision. He asked what the law said, what the Constitution said, and he ruled accordingly, even when he didn’t like the result. Justice Scalia once said: 
If you are going to be a good and faithful judge, you have to resign yourself to the fact that you’re not always going to like the con-clusions you reach. If you like them all the time, you are probably doing something wrong. Needless to say, Justice Scalia left some big shoes to fill. But after learn-ing a little about Judge Gorsuch, I have to say that if anyone can come to fill them, I think Judge Gorsuch can. Like Justice Scalia, Judge Gorsuch has a brilliant mind. He shares Justice Scalia’s gift for the written word. The Washington Post noted the many peo-ple ‘‘who have praised Gorsuch’s lucid and occasionally lyrical writing style.’’ Slate called Judge Gorsuch’s writing ‘‘superb, incisive, witty, and acces-sible.’’ But most importantly, like Justice Scalia, Judge Gorsuch understands the role of a Supreme Court Justice. He knows that a Justice’s job is to inter-pret the law, not write it. In a speech last year, Judge Gorsuch said the fol-lowing: ‘‘Perhaps the greatest project of Justice Scalia’s career was to re-mind us of the differences between judges and legislators.’’ Understanding those differences is in-dispensable. Brilliance, eloquence, learning, compassion—none of those things matter if you don’t understand the proper role of the Supreme Court. That role is to interpret the law, not make the law—to judge, not legislate; to call balls and strikes, not to try and rewrite the rules of the game. It is great to have strong opinions. It is great to have sympathy for causes or organizations. It is great to have plans for fixing society’s problems. But none of those things has any business influ-encing your ruling when you sit on the Supreme Court. Judge Gorsuch under-stands this. That is why I trust him to sit on the Supreme Court. When Judge Gorsuch was nominated to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals 10 years ago, he was confirmed by a unanimous vote here in the Senate. You can’t really get a more bipartisan confirmation than that. At the time, then-Senator Ken Salazar, a Colorado Democrat who later became Interior Secretary under Obama, noted that Judge Gorsuch ‘‘has a sense of fairness and impartiality that is a keystone of being a judge.’’ Given the wide respect in which Judge Gorsuch is held, his outstanding record, and his previous overwhelm-ingly bipartisan confirmation, I am hopeful that his nomination will move quickly through the Senate. Senate Democrats have spoken a lot about the need to fill the ninth seat on the Su-preme Court. Now is the chance. I congratulate Judge Gorsuch on his nomination, and I look forward to see-ing him confirmed to the Supreme Court. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NOMINATION OF BETSY DEVOS  
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I come to the floor to announce a very difficult decision that I have made; that is, to vote against the confirma-tion of Betsy DeVos to be our Nation’s next Secretary of Education. This is not a decision that I have made lightly. I have a great deal of respect for Mrs. DeVos. I believe she is a good person. I know she cares deeply about the chil-dren of this Nation. But for the reasons that I will explain, I simply cannot support her confirmation. Later today, the Senate will vote on a motion to proceed to the DeVos nom-ination. I will vote to proceed to the nomination because I believe that Presidents are entitled to considerable deference for the selection of Cabinet members, regardless of which political party is in power, and that each and every Senator should have the right to cast his or her vote on nominees for the Cabinet. That is why, during Presi-dent Obama’s administration, I voted for procedural motions, including clo-ture, to allow the President’s nominees for Secretary of Defense and for Sec-retary of Labor to receive up-or-down votes by the full Senate, even though I ultimately voted against those two nominees on the Senate floor. At the time, I stated that it is appropriate for every Senator to have an opportunity to vote for or against an individual Cabinet member, and I still believe that is the right approach. Let me again make clear what I said at the beginning of my remarks, which explains why this has been a decision that I have not made lightly. I know that Mrs. DeVos cares deeply about children. I recognize that she has de-voted much time and resources to try to improve the education of at-risk children in cities whose public schools have failed them. I commend her for those efforts. I wrote to Mrs. DeVos, seeking her assurances in writing that she would not support any Federal legislation mandating that States adopt vouchers nor would she condition Federal fund-ing on the presence of voucher pro-grams in States. She has provided that commitment, and I ask unanimous consent that the exchange of cor-respondence with Mrs. DeVos be print-ed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my statement. Nevertheless, like all of us, Mrs. DeVos is the product of her experience. She appears to view education through the lens of her experience in promoting alternatives to public education in De-troit and other cities where she has, no doubt, done valuable work. Her con-centration on charter schools and vouchers, however, raises the question about whether she fully appreciates that the Secretary of Education’s pri-mary focus must be on helping States and communities, parents, teachers, school board members, and administra-tors strengthen our public schools. While it is unrealistic and unfair to expect a nominee to know the details 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.042 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES550 February 1, 2017 
of all the programs under the jurisdic-tion of the Department of Education, I am troubled and surprised by Mrs. DeVos’s apparent lack of familiarity with the landmark 1975 law, the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act—known as the IDEA—that guaran-tees a free and appropriate education to children with special needs. The mission of the Department of Education is broad, but supporting public education is at its core. I am concerned that Mrs. DeVos’s lack of ex-perience with public schools will make it difficult for her to fully understand, identify, and assist with those chal-lenges, particularly for our rural schools in States like Maine. In keeping with my past practice, I will vote today to proceed to debate on Mrs. DeVos’s nomination. But I will not, I cannot, vote to confirm her as our Nation’s next Secretary of Edu-cation. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , Washington, DC, January 24, 2017. Mrs. B
ETSY DEVOS, Education Secretary-Designate, Washington, DC. D
EARMRS. DEVOS: I am writing to follow up on the questions posed to you in your con-firmation hearing regarding your position on school vouchers should you be confirmed as Secretary of Education. I have concerns about the impact of such a voucher program, especially on rural school districts with lim-ited budgets and numbers of students. The needs of public schools in Maine are very different from those in large urban areas, where some schools have failed our children. The majority of Maine’s schools and school districts are small and rural, and the constraints on resources and the reali-ties of distance greatly influence the policies and practices for delivering high-quality education in those settings. The concern I hear in Maine from teachers, administrators, and parents is that school vouchers will di-vert scarce resources from public schools. During my time as a U.S. Senator, I have visited more than 200 schools in Maine. At each visit, I have seen repeatedly the skilled and dedicated teachers, administrators, and staff working closely with parents to deliver the best possible education for their stu-dents. Likewise, I have spoken with students who are vibrant members of their commu-nities and excited about learning. Our public schools have a tremendous impact on stu-dents and communities, and the U.S. Depart-ment of Education is an important partner in fulfilling the promise of high-quality pub-lic education for all students. Please respond in writing to the following question: Would you oppose a federal man-date that would require states to adopt pri-vate school vouchers? I ask that you respond prior to the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee mark-up on January 31. Sincerely, S
USAN M. C OLLINS , United States Senator. 
JANUARY 25, 2017. Hon. S
USAN COLLINS , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Dear S
ENATOR COLLINS : Thank you for the opportunity to answer your question about my position on federal education mandates regarding private school vouchers. As a strong proponent of local control, I believe the decision of whether to provide vouchers, scholarships, or other public sup-port for students who choose to attend a nonpublic school should not be mandated by the federal government. Rather, this is a state and school district matter. The Every Student Succeeds Act made great strides in returning control over edu-cation decisions to states and local commu-nities, and I applaud your efforts in passing that important law. Decisions about whether to provide parental choice will vary from state to state and district to district, reflect-ing local needs. As I stated during my confirmation hear-ing before the U.S. Senate Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Committee on January 17, while I am a strong supporter of school choice, I am also respectful of state and local decisions on this issue. Therefore, if confirmed, I will not impose a school choice program on any state or school dis-trict. Senator Collins, I look forward to working with you to support Maine’s teachers, schools and districts as they work to provide a high quality education to every student. Sincerely, BETSY DEVOS. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak on the upcoming motion to proceed to the DeVos nomination for a period of 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I would like to share my thoughts with my colleagues today about the Presi-dent’s nominee to be Secretary of Edu-cation. I shared many of these thoughts yesterday with my colleagues on the Senate HELP Committee. Like my colleague from Maine, this nomination has been a very difficult one for me. It has been very personal. As I mentioned in committee, I take very personally the education of the children in my State. I take very per-sonally the contributions that our edu-cators, our administrators in the schools—all that they provide and the importance that we should all place on the education of America’s children. I don’t think it is an overstatement to say that I have struggled with how I will cast my vote on the nomination of Mrs. DeVos. Again, I take very per-sonally the success of Alaska’s schools and the success of Alaska’s school-children. We have a lot of schools in Alaska, as we all do around the coun-try. My schools, I would challenge you all, are a little bit more diverse than perhaps in other parts of America just because of our geography. We are iso-lated. Eighty-two percent of the com-munities are not attached by a road. The communities are small. The schools are smaller. In our urban centers, what some find unusual is we have more diversity in our populations than most people could understand or even imagine. One of the neighborhoods in my hometown of An-chorage hosts the most ethnically di-verse schools in the United States of America. So I have urban schools that have rich diversity, and I have very rural, very remote, extremely remote schools that face challenges when it comes to how we deliver education. So knowing that we have the strongest public school system is a priority for me. I have spent considerable time one- on-one with Mrs. DeVos before and after the committee hearing. I spent the entirety of the Senate HELP Com-mittee listening carefully to the ques-tions that colleagues put to her. After-ward, I reviewed not only her written responses to me but those that she had responded to other colleagues. I re-quested further that she provide cer-tain commitments in writing. After speaking with her at length and consid-ering everything that I have learned, I have the following comments to share: First, I must state that I absolutely believe Betsy DeVos cares deeply for all children. I think we all acknowl-edge that she could have spent her time, her energy, and her considerable resources on almost anything else that she chose to do. I admire her for choos-ing to help children to access a better education because she could have cho-sen to do many other things, but she chose to work for children, and I appre-ciate that. Now, as Senators, we are in the posi-tion to provide advice and consent on the President’s nominee. My view has been—and has been since I came to the U.S. Senate—that under almost all cir-cumstances, a President has the right to have their nominees considered and to receive a full vote by the entire Sen-ate. So I have gone back, and I have looked at how I, as a Senator, have handled confirmations under President Bush and President Obama. When clo-ture votes have been called on Cabinet nominees, my practice has been to vote aye. I voted aye twice for Secretary of Defense Hagel. I voted aye for Sec-retary of Labor Perez, even though I voted against his confirmation in the final vote. So, Mrs. DeVos. She has answered thousands of ques-tions that have been put to her. Nei-ther the Office of Government Ethics, the Senate HELP Committee, nor I have found any substantive reason to question Mrs. DeVos’s name or reputa-tion, but yet I have heard from thou-sands—truly thousands of Alaskans who share their concerns about Mrs. DeVos as Secretary of Education. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.011 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S551 February 1, 2017 
have contacted me by phone, by email, in person, and their concerns center— as mine do—on Mrs. DeVos’s lack of ex-perience with public education and the lack of knowledge she portrayed in her confirmation hearing. Alaskans are not satisfied that she would uphold Federal civil rights laws in schools that receive Federal funds. They question her commitment to stu-dents with disabilities’ rights under IDEA. They fear that the voucher pro-grams that are intended to serve them may actually rob them of the oppor-tunity to benefit from an education in an inclusive environment with their nondisabled peers. After 8 years of the micromanage-ment that we have seen from this pre-vious administration, quite honestly, they are very concerned that Mrs. DeVos will force vouchers on Alaska. Now, she has said that she has not. She has committed publicly and to me per-sonally that she will not seek to im-pose vouchers on our States. She has committed to implementing Federal education laws as they are written and intended, and this is a welcome depar-ture from what we had seen with the two previous Secretaries of Education. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for an addi-tional 1
1⁄2minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Thank you, Mr. President. She has committed that the focus she will give, not only to Alaska but to all States will not undermine, erode, or ig-nore public schools and that she will, in fact, work to support our public schools. She has committed to me that she will come to Alaska in order to learn from Alaska’s educators, our par-ents, school board members, and our tribal representatives to see for herself the challenges we face. I still continue to have concerns. I think Mrs. DeVos has much to learn about our Nation’s public schools, how they work and the challenges they face. I have serious concerns about a nomi-nee to be Secretary of Education who has been so involved in one side of the equation—so immersed in the push for vouchers—that she may be unaware of what actually is successful within the public schools and also what is broken and how to fix them. Betsy DeVos must show us that she truly understands the children of Alas-ka and across America, both urban and rural, who are not able to access an al-ternative choice in education, as in so many of my communities. She must show us that she will work to help the struggling public schools that strive to educate children whose parents are un-able to drive them across town to get to a better school. That she will not ig-nore the homeless students whose main worry is finding somewhere safe to sleep and for whom their public school is truly a refuge. And that she will fight for the children whose parents don’t even know how to navigate these educational options. I believe that my colleagues here in the Senate and the many, many they represent have the right to debate these questions, to air their thoughts and concerns and perspectives about this nomination, and again I believe that any President has the right to ex-pect that we do so. I conclude my remarks to make clear that my colleagues know firmly that I do not intend to vote, on final passage, to support Mrs. DeVos to be Secretary of Education. I thank the chairman of the committee for working with me and with my colleagues on this matter, but I cannot support this nominee. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I come to the floor to thank the Senator from Alaska and the Senator from Maine for this reason: They are fol-lowing a long and venerable tradition in the United States Senate that too many Senators do not follow. They are allowing—despite their final view on the substance of an issue—the full Sen-ate to make a decision on an important issue. It used to be that a motion to pro-ceed to an issue was routine. It used to be that after a certain period of time, we would cut off the vote so we could have an up-or-down vote, 51, on an im-portant issue. We have gotten away from that, but Senator C
OLLINS and Senator M UR-
KOWSKI have been among the most con-sistent Senators who would say, absent extraordinary circumstances, ‘‘I am going to vote to allow the vote to come to the floor so the full Senate can make its decision,’’ and I thank them for that. Madam President, as to Mrs. DeVos, I ask unanimous consent to have print-ed in the R
ECORD , following my re-marks, an article about why the Sen-ate should promptly confirm Betsy DeVos as U.S. Education Secretary, which I believe it will do so. Mrs. DeVos will be an excellent Edu-cation Secretary. She has commitment to public education. She has said that. There is no better example of that than her work on the most important re-form of public schools in the last 30 years, which is charter schools. Charter public schools are the fastest growing form of public education to give teachers more freedom and par-ents more choices, and she has been at the forefront of that public school ac-tivity. Second, she has spent her time truly helping to give low-income par-ents more choices and better schools for their children, but is that a reason not to support her? I would be sur-prised if any President supported an Education Secretary who didn’t sup-port charter schools. I would be sur-prised if a Republican President nomi-nated an Education Secretary who didn’t believe in school choice. What I especially like about Mrs. DeVos is that she believes in the local school board, instead of the national school board. She has made it clear that there will be no mandates from Washington to adopt Common Core in Arkansas or Tennessee if she is the Education Secretary, there will be no mandate in Washington to evaluate teachers in Washington State this way or that way if she is the Secretary, and there will be no mandate from Wash-ington to have vouchers in Maine or Alaska if she is the Secretary. She believes in the bill we passed in December of 2015, with 85 votes, that restores to States and classroom teach-ers and local school boards the respon-sibility for making decisions about standards, about tests, about how to help improve schools, about how to evaluate teachers. That passed because people were so sick and tired of Wash-ington telling local schools so much about what to do. She will be that kind of Education Secretary. She will be an excellent Education Secretary. The two Senators have followed a venerable and honor-able tradition in the Senate by saying they will vote to allow the full Senate to consider her nomination, and when we do, I am confident she will be con-firmed. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: [Jan. 24, 2017] S
ENATE SHOULD PROMPTLY CONFIRM BETSY  D
EVOS (By Sen. Lamar Alexander) Democrats desperately are searching for a valid reason to oppose Betsy DeVos for U.S. Education Secretary because they don’t want Americans to know the real reason for their opposition. That real reason? She has spent more than three decades helping children from low-in-come families choose a better school. Spe-cifically, Democrats resent her support for allowing tax dollars to follow children to schools their low-income parents’ choose— although wealthy families choose their chil-dren’s schools every day. Tax dollars supporting school choice is hardly subversive or new. In 2016, $121 billion in federal Pell Grants and new student loans followed 11 million college students to ac-credited public, private or religious schools of their choice, whether Notre Dame, Ye-shiva, the University of Tennessee or Nash-ville’s auto diesel college. These aid pay-ments are, according to Webster’s—‘‘vouch-ers’’—exactly the same form of payments that Mrs. DeVos supports for schools. America’s experience with education vouchers began in 1944 with the GI Bill. As veterans returned from World War II, federal tax dollars followed them to the college of their choice. Why, then, is an idea that helped produce the Greatest Generation and the world’s best colleges such a dangerous idea for our chil-dren? Mrs. DeVos testified that she opposes Washington, D.C., requiring states to adopt vouchers, unlike her critics who delight in a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.013 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES552 February 1, 2017 
National School Board imposing their man-dates on states, for example, Common Core academic standards. So, who is in the mainstream here? The GI Bill, Pell Grants, student loans, both Presi-dents Bush, President Trump, the 25 states that allow parents to choose among public and private schools, Congress with its pas-sage of the Washington, D.C. voucher pro-gram, 45 U.S. senators who voted in 2015 to allow states to use existing federal dollars for vouchers, Betsy DeVos—or her senate critics? The second reason Democrats oppose Mrs. DeVos is that she supports charter schools— public schools with fewer government and union rules so that teachers have more free-dom to teach and parents have more freedom to choose the schools. In 1992, Minnesota’s Democratic-Farmer-Labor party created a dozen charter schools. Today there are 6,800 in 43 states and the District of Columbia. President Obama’s last Education Secretary was a charter school founder. Again, who is in the mainstream? Minnesota’s Democratic- Farmer-Labor party, Presidents Bush, Clin-ton and Obama; the last six U.S. Education Secretaries, the U.S. Congress, 43 states and the District of Columbia, Betsy DeVos—or her senate critics? Her critics dislike that she is wealthy. Would they be happier if she had spent her money denying children from low-income families choices of schools? Mrs. DeVos’ senate opponents are grasping for straws. We didn’t have time to question her, they say, even though she met with each one of them in their offices, and her hearing lasted nearly an hour and a half longer than either of President Obama’s education secre-taries. Now she is answering 837 written follow up questions from Democratic committee mem-bers—1,397 if you include all the questions within a question. By comparison, Repub-licans asked President Obama’s first edu-cation secretary 53 written follow-up ques-tions and his second education secretary 56 written follow-up questions, including ques-tions within a question. In other words, Democrats have asked Mrs. DeVos 25 times as many follow-up questions as Republicans asked of either of President Obama’s edu-cation secretaries. Finally, Democrats are throwing around conflict of interest accusations. But Betsy DeVos has signed an agreement with the independent Office of Government Ethics to divest, within 90 days of her confirmation, possible conflicts of interest identified by the ethics office, as every cabinet secretary is required to do. That agreement is on the internet. Tax returns? Federal law does not require disclosure of tax returns for cabinet mem-bers, or for U.S. Senators. Both cabinet members and senators are already required to publish extensive disclosures of their holdings, income and debts. Cabinet mem-bers must also sign an agreement with the Office of Government Ethics to eliminate po-tential conflicts of interest. One year ago, because I believe presidents should have their cabinet in place in order to govern, I worked to confirm promptly Presi-dent Obama’s nomination of John King to be Education Secretary, even though I dis-agreed with him. Even though they disagree with her, Demo-crats should also promptly confirm Betsy DeVos. Few Americans have done as much to help low-income students have a choice of better schools. She is on the side of our chil-dren. Her critics may resent that, but this says more about them than it does about her. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. TRAVEL BAN  
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I came to the floor today to join with Senators and people across this coun-try in speaking out against the Presi-dent’s misguided and, I believe, de-structive Executive order that has abruptly closed our borders to all refu-gees as well as citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries. During the campaign, Candidate Trump called for a ‘‘total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.’’ I had certainly hoped that once in office, he would receive wise and prudent counsel and he would realize that elevating such a Muslim ban to the status of official U.S. policy would have very negative con-sequences. Instead, what we have seen is that a small group in the White House acting in secret produced this Executive order. They did so without legal review and even without the knowledge of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of Defense, or the nominee to be Secretary of State. As a result, as we all know, we saw a weekend of chaos and confusion—a self-inflicted wound to our national security and to our reputation in the world. The consequences go far beyond the scenes of disorder that we witnessed in recent days. By singling out Muslim- majority countries and banning their citizens from entry into the United States and by denying entry to all ref-ugees, the President has greatly dam-aged America’s image across the world and, perhaps, worst of all, this Execu-tive order is a gift to ISIS, Al Qaeda, and to every other radical jihadist group. On social media they celebrated the travel ban as a confirmation to their narrative that the United States is at war with Islam and that they are engaged in a clash of civilizations. One ISIS sympathizer praised the Executive order as a ‘‘blessed ban,’’ comparing it to what he called ‘‘the blessed inva-sion’’ of Iraq, which inflamed anti- American anger across the Islamic world. This is dangerous because this is a powerful recruitment tool for our en-emies. I am also deeply concerned that this Executive order endangers our troops and our diplomats who are in the field. Today, more than 5,000 American troops are supporting Iraqi troops in the fight to reclaim Mosul and drive ISIS out of Iraq. By discriminating based on religion and nationality, the President’s order undermines the local alliances and the trust established by our troops and diplomats in the field. This order is so ill-considered that, as originally drafted, it even barred Iraqi civilians, including translators who provided essential assistance to the U.S. mission. Just to be clear, this Muslim ban is un-American. It is offensive to our Na-tion’s core values and ideals. The right way forward is not to carve out small exceptions to the Muslim ban. It is to repeal the ban entirely. The President has called for what he has termed ‘‘ex-treme vetting,’’ but the truth is that our vetting procedures are already thorough and rigorous. It takes as long as 24 months for a refugee to make it through the process and come to the United States. The entire screening process takes place outside the United States. So it doesn’t pose a threat to people here in America. In my home State of New Hampshire, the President’s Executive order has caused shock and profound concern, es-pecially in our business and academic communities, as well as in our immi-grant communities. T.J. Parker is the CEO of PillPack, a company that em-ploys nearly 400 people in Manchester, which is the largest city in New Hamp-shire. He said on Monday: ‘‘This ban is wrong and goes against our values as a company and as Americans.’’ He continued: ‘‘I’m also deeply con-cerned about any measures that could discourage talented individuals from studying and working in the U.S.’’ The Union Leader newspaper re-ported yesterday that more than 700 refugees who settled in New Hampshire over the past decade are from the seven countries singled out in the Executive order and would have been banned from entry. These immigrants are not Iraqis, Somalis, Sudanese or Syrians. They are proud loyal members of our diverse American family. Many of them have spouses or children still in refugee camps, and they hope to be united with their families. The Presi-dent’s order has now slammed the door on these hopes. Yesterday the Associated Press in New Hampshire reported on Dr. Omid Moghimi, an internist at New Hamp-shire Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center. An American citizen, he fell in love with a childhood friend in Iran and married her in Tehran in 2015. Here is the picture of the two of them on their wedding day. After months of vetting for entry to the United States, his wife had an appointment for her visa inter-view. That appointment was abruptly canceled after the President’s Execu-tive order, and Dr. Moghimi worries that this could become permanent. He is now in his first year of a 3-year resi-dency, and he fears he will have to leave the United States in order to live with his wife, who volunteers at daycare centers and an orphanage. Dr. Moghimi told the AP: ‘‘There’s no evi-dence that she is in any way even a miniscule threat, security risk, and there are many, many cases like her out there.’’ If this Executive order stays in ef-fect, we lose the opportunity to have Dr. Moghimi practice in the United States and maybe serve a community in New Hampshire, and it has a real impact on their lives. The ill-advised words and actions, including this Exec-utive order, have damaged America’s standing in the world and harmed our national security. But the Senate has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.009 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S553 February 1, 2017 
an opportunity to send a very different message to our allies and to our en-emies across the globe. We can make clear that America’s democracy is founded on a system of checks and bal-ances, and that the President doesn’t speak for America or make policy all by himself. I urge my Senate col-leagues to join with us in supporting legislation to repeal the President’s order. We need to send a clear message to the world that America does not support discrimination based on reli-gion. We welcome appropriately vetted refugees from wars and violence, and we respect our Muslim allies, including our friends in Iraq who have sacrificed so much in the fight against ISIS. In recent days we have seen what happens when America betrays its ideals and its allies. The Senate has a responsibility to reassert those ideals and to reassure our allies. I urge my colleagues to support legislation that Senator F
EINSTEIN put forward to re-peal the President’s Executive order. Thank you very much. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the nominee for Secretary of State. I will be brief and to the point. Mr. Rex Tillerson led his last organi-zation in a lobbying campaign to un-dermine the national security interests of the United States in favor of Russia, Iran, and corporate profit. Putting nar-row corporate interests ahead of Amer-ica’s national security interests is in-excusable for a CEO and disqualifying for a nominee to be our Nation’s chief diplomat. I will vote against Rex Tillerson’s nomination for Secretary of State, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield back the remainder of my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. All postcloture time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Tillerson nomi-nation? Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 56, nays 43, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 36 Ex.] YEAS—56 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Coons 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to reconsider the vote on con-firmation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on the motion to recon-sider. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to table the motion to recon-sider, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion to table the motion to recon-sider the vote on confirmation. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 55, nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 37 Ex.] YEAS—55 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Coons Sessions 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
MOTION TO PROCEED TO LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 53, nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 38 Ex.] YEAS—53 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy King Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey Wicker Young 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.016 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES554 February 1, 2017 
NAYS—44 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Coons Sessions Tillis 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
THE JOURNAL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move that the reading of the Journal be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Shall the Journal stand ap-proved to date? Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 54, nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 39 Leg.] YEAS—54 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy King Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—44 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NOT VOTING—2 
Coons Sessions 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Journal stands approved to date. The majority leader. 
f 
MOTION TO PROCEED TO EXECUTIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to consider Calendar No. 11, Elisabeth DeVos to be Secretary of Education. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 40 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Coons 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Elisabeth Prince DeVos, of Michigan, to be Sec-retary of Education. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Elisabeth Prince DeVos, of Michi-gan, to be Secretary of Education. Mitch McConnell, David Perdue, Johnny Isakson, Tom Cotton, Mike Crapo, James E. Risch, Pat Roberts, Roy Blunt, John Boozman, Lamar Alex-ander, John Barrasso, Orrin G. Hatch, Jeff Flake, John Cornyn, Shelley Moore Capito, John Thune, Richard Burr. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I am proud to have a chance to speak in sup-port of your fellow Coloradan, Neil Gorsuch, President Trump’s nominee to be an Associate Justice of the Su-preme Court. Clearly, we all understand this is an important decision and an important institution. The Supreme Court is the only Court specified in the Constitu-tion and often the final arbiter of how the Constitution and the law is to be applied. In the history of the Court, in the history of the country, only 112 in-dividuals have had the honor to serve on the Supreme Court. As we debate the qualifications and qualities of the person who has been nominated, and I hope to see confirmed as the 113th per-son to serve as an Associate Justice or a Justice on the Court, it is really vital we understand that we have a nominee who has a deep understanding and ap-preciation of the role of the Court and the role the Court plays in our democ-racy. Judge Gorsuch embodies these prin-ciples through a lifetime of service, and he has really prepared himself in many unique ways for this moment. He graduated from Columbia University, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa and earned his law degree from Harvard Law School. After law school, Judge Gorsuch served as a Supreme Court clerk to two different Justices, Justice Byron White and Justice An-thony Kennedy. It has been pointed out that if Judge Gorsuch is confirmed to serve on the Court, he will be the first person ever to serve with someone for whom he clerked, and hopefully he and Justice Kennedy will have an oppor-tunity to serve together. After clerking on the Court, he went on to a successful career in private law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.006 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S555 February 1, 2017 
practice, spending 10 years litigating a broad range of complex trials and ap-peals. In 2004, just in case his Harvard law degree wasn’t enough, as a Marshall scholar, he received a doctorate in phi-losophy from Oxford University. At every point in his preparation, it has been understood he was at the top of that preparatory activity. He has served his country in the Justice De-partment, working as the Principal Deputy Associate Attorney General. In 2006, 10 years ago, President George W. Bush nominated him to serve on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. At the time of his nomination, the American Bar Association gave him a unanimous ‘‘well qualified’’ rating, the highest rating. The Senate then confirmed his nomination unanimously by a voice vote. Today I believe the Senate has 11 Democrats serving with us who were part of that unanimous process. In his decade on the Tenth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals bench, Judge Gorsuch has demonstrated a steadfast commitment to upholding the rule of law and inter-preting the Constitution as its authors intended. I am confident he will continue to ad-here to the Constitution, apply the rule of law, and not legislate from the bench. I think he understands, as Jus-tice Scalia did, that the job of a Jus-tice of the Supreme Court is not to de-cide what the law should be or what the Constitution, in their opinion, should say but decide what the law is and what the Constitution does say. His keen intellect and devotion to law are very well understood and ap-preciated throughout the legal profes-sion. He has the integrity, the profes-sional qualifications, and the judicial temperament to serve on the Nation’s highest Court. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD an editorial from earlier this week. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Denver Post, Jan. 26, 2017] T
RUMP WOULD DOWELL TO CONSIDER NEIL G
ORSUCH FOR SUPREME COURT  (By the Editorial Board) Then-U.S. Sen. Ken Salazar, right, intro-duces Neil Gorsuch at his nomination hear-ing to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit on June 21, 2006. Gorsuch is being considered as a possibly replacement for the late U.S. Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia. President Donald Trump is on the verge of making his most enduring appointment to date and we are encouraged by one of the names on his list to replace former Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. Neil Gorsuch is a federal judge in Denver with Western roots and a reputation for being a brilliant legal mind and talented writer. Those who have followed Gorsuch’s career say that from his bench in the U.S. 10th Circuit Court of Appeals he has applied the law fairly and consistently, even issuing provocative challenges to the Supreme Court to consider his rulings. Liberals who dreamed of a less-conserv-ative Merrick Garland on the court will un-doubtedly gasp at a suggestion that Gorsuch would be a good addition to a court that has been shorthanded for more than a year. Gorsuch is most widely known for ruling in the Hobby Lobby contraception case before it reached the Supreme Court in 2014. His controversial decision was upheld in a 5–4 vote. Gorsuch wrote in the case that those with ‘‘sincerely held religious beliefs’’ should not be forced to participate in something ‘‘their religion teaches them to be gravely wrong.’’ We disagreed with that ruling, saying the Supreme Court wrongly applied constitu-tional protections of religious freedom to a corporation that remained owned by a small group of like-minded individuals. We argued that even closely held corpora-tions—primarily functioning as money-mak-ing entities and not religious institutions— shouldn’t be able to opt out of the Affordable Care Act mandate that insurance cover con-traception by citing First Amendment pro-tections intended for individuals and church-es. But in considering Gorsuch’s body of work and reputation—and yes, we like his ties to Colorado as well—we hope Trump gives him the nod. We are not afraid of a judge who strictly interprets the Constitution based solely on the language and intent of our nation’s founders, as long as he is willing to be con-sistent even when those rulings conflict with his own beliefs. As Denver Attorney Jason Dunn, who con-siders himself a longtime fan of Gorsuch, ex-plains, his views stem ‘‘from a belief in a sep-aration of powers and in a judicial modesty that it is not in the role of the courts to make law. Justice Scalia would put it: If you like every one of your rulings, you’re prob-ably doing it wrong.’’ A justice who does his best to interpret the Constitution or statute and apply the law of the land without prejudice could go fair to restore faith in the highest court of the land. That faith has wavered under the manufac-tured and false rhetoric from critics that the high court has become a corrupt body stacked with liberals. And while Democrats will surely be tempted to criticize the nomi-nation of anyone Trump appoints, they’d be wise to take the high road and look at quali-fications and legal consistency rather than political leanings. Gorsuch, at 49, will have years to whittle away at that damaging lack of trust. A July 2016 Gallup Poll found that 52 percent of Americans disapproved of the way the Su-preme Court handled its job. The finding is striking, considering the same poll in 2000 found only 29 percent of Americans dis-approved. We could do far worse than a thoughtful graduate from Columbia, Harvard and Oxford universities, who clerked for two Supreme Court justices and calls Denver home. 
Mr. BLUNT. I wish to share a little of that editorial where the Denver Post says: 
We are not afraid of a judge who strictly interprets the Constitution based solely on the language and intent of our nation’s founders, as long as he is willing to be con-sistent even when those rulings conflict with his own beliefs. As Denver Attorney Jason Dunn, who con-siders himself a longtime fan of Gorsuch, ex-plains, his views stem ‘‘from a belief in a sep-aration of powers and in a judicial modesty that it is not in the role of the courts to make law. Justice Scalia would put it: If you like every one of your rulings, you’re prob-ably doing it wrong.’’ 
That is similar to what you and I heard Judge Gorsuch say last night; that a good judge doesn’t rule based on what a judge likes to have happen but what the law and the Constitution in-sists does happen. Going back and continuing just one more paragraph from that Denver Post editorial: A Justice who does his best to interpret the Constitution or statute and apply the law of the land without prejudice could go far to restore the faith in the highest court of the land. That faith has wavered under the manufactured and false rhetoric from critics that the high court has become a corrupt body stacked with liberals. And while Demo-crats will surely be tempted to criticize the nomination of anyone Trump appoints, they’d be wise to take the high road and look at qualifications and legal consistency rath-er than political leanings. 
That is in the middle of that edi-torial that is now in the R
ECORD . The Supreme Court is one of the most important legacies this President is likely to leave. I think he made a very well-considered and right choice in selecting Judge Gorsuch to begin shaping the long-term view of the Court. I look forward to hearing more from the judge as this confirmation process moves forward and to seeing him confirmed as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, we began public hearings on the Supreme Court nominees in 1916. Since we began those, the Senate has never denied a hearing or a vote to a pending Supreme Court nominee—never, since 1916 until last year. Last year Senate Republicans waged an unprecedented blockade against the nomination of Chief Judge Merrick Garland, a fine judge with impeccable credentials and with strong support from both Republicans and Democrats, a man who should be on the Supreme Court today. This is the first time since 1916 that had ever been done. In-stead, bowing to the extreme right of their party, Republicans who knew him and who even had said publicly before how much they respected him and how he should be on the Supreme Court re-fused even to meet with him, let alone accord him the respect of a confirma-tion hearing—even though the Con-stitution says that we shall advise and consent and even though each one of us has raised our hand in a solemn oath saying we will uphold the Constitution. So this is exactly what happened. The Republicans held hostage a va-cancy on the Supreme Court for a year so that their candidate for President could choose a nominee. The blockade of the Merrick Garland nomination was shameful, but I think it is also corro-sive for our system of government. Candidate Donald Trump, who verbally attacked a sitting Federal judge in what Speaker R
YANcalled ‘‘a textbook example of a racist comment,’’ encour-aged Senate Republicans to ‘‘delay, delay, delay.’’ Candidate Trump then went further. He said he would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.024 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES556 February 1, 2017 
outsource the vetting of potential nominees to far-right organizations, many of them lobbying organizations, that want to stack the judiciary with ideological conservatives who are out-side the mainstream. He promised a nominee who would overturn 40 years of jurisprudence established in Roe v. Wade. With the selection of Judge Gorsuch, it appears as though he is try-ing to make good on that promise. When we confirmed Judge Gorsuch for the Tenth Circuit Court of Ap-peals—and I was a Member of the Sen-ate at the time—I knew he was con-servative, but I did not do anything to block him because I hoped he would not impose his personal beliefs from the bench. In fact, at his confirmation hearing in 2006, Judge Gorsuch stated that ‘‘precedent is to be respected and honored.’’ He said it is ‘‘unacceptable’’ for a judge to try to impose ‘‘his own personal views, his politics, [or] his personal preferences.’’ Yet, just last year, he tried to do that. He called for important precedent to be overturned because it did not align with his per-sonal philosophy. From my initial review of his record, that I have just begun, I question whether Judge Gorsuch meets the high standard set by Merrick Garland, whose decisions everybody would agree were squarely within the mainstream. And with the ideological litmus test that President Trump has applied in making this selection, the American people are justified to wonder whether Judge Gorsuch can truly be an inde-pendent Justice. So I intend to ask him about these and other important issues in the coming months. Republicans rolled the dice last year. They subjected the Supreme Court and the American people to a purely polit-ical gamble. They ignored the Con-stitution and did something that had never been done before in this country. I know President Trump likes to boast that he won the election in a massive landslide. Well, of course he didn’t. Secretary Clinton received more than 2.8 million more votes from the American people than President Trump. But more importantly, due to Senate Republicans’ political gambit, the U.S. Supreme Court clearly lost in this election. This is really no way to treat a coequal branch of government, and it is certainly not the way to pro-tect the independence of our Federal judiciary—something that is the bed-rock of our Constitution. The President’s electoral college vic-tory—which was far narrower than ei-ther of President Obama’s victories—is hardly a mandate for any Supreme Court nominee who would turn back the clock on the rights of women, LGBT Americans, or minorities; or a nominee who would use theories last seen in the 1930s to undermine all we have accomplished in the last 80 years. If he follows these right-wing lobbying groups who helped vet him for the President, if he follows what they want, then critical programs, like So-cial Security and Medicare and Med-icaid, key statutes, including the Civil Rights Act, the Voting Rights Act, and the Clean Air Act, could well be at risk. So after nearly a year of obstruc-tion—unconstitutional, unprecedented obstruction—I really don’t want to hear Republicans say we now must rush to confirm Judge Gorsuch. I know the President thinks they should, but I also wonder how seriously even he takes this. His announcement yester-day was like he was announcing the winner of a game show: I brought in these two people, and now here is the winner. We are talking about the U.S. Supreme Court; treat it with the re-spect it deserves. For all of the Republican talk of Democrats setting the standard with the confirmations of Justice Sotomayor and Kagan, they ignored the standard they set in the shameful treatment of Chief Judge Garland. In fact, I remember when—and I was chairman at the time—when we set the schedule for the hearings and the vote on Justice Sonia Sotomayor, and I re-member the Republican leader rushing to the floor and saying: Oh, this is ter-rible. You are rushing it. You are mov-ing it so fast. I pointed out that we were setting the schedule to the day—to the day— the same as we set for Chief Justice John Roberts. So I asked the obvious question: Are you telling me the sched-ule was OK for him but not OK for her? We followed the schedule. We need time to look at all of these nominees. I would note, as one who has tried cases in Federal courts, as a lawyer, and as one who has chaired the Judici-ary Committee, I would say the courts are a vital check on any administra-tion, especially one that, like this one, has found itself on the losing side of an argument in Federal court in only its first week—they lost on something that a first-year law student could have told them they were going to lose. But with great political fanfare, the President issued an order. Fortunately, the order was seen for what it was: No Muslims need show up in our country. Judge Gorsuch, to be confirmed, has to show that he is willing to uphold the Constitution even against President Trump, even against the lobbying groups the President had vetting him. His record includes a decade on the Federal bench. The Judiciary Com-mittee must now carefully review his decisions. We have to conduct a thor-ough and unsparing examination of his nomination. That is what I will do, just as I have done for every nominee—ev-erybody currently on the Supreme Court and many before them. Whether nominated by a Republican or a Demo-crat, I did a thorough and unsparing examination of their nomination. The Senate deserves nothing less. More im-portantly, the American people deserve nothing less. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. 
TRAVEL BAN  
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise to speak on a special day. Today is my wife’s birthday. Today is National Freedom Day, when we recognize Presi-dent Lincoln’s signing the 13th Amend-ment banning slavery. This is the rea-son we celebrate Black History Month in February. Today, February 1, begins American Heart Month, acknowledging the great heart of the American people, as well as the need for health care. But today, February 1, is also the first day of World Interfaith Harmony Week. In 2010, King Abdallah II of Jor-dan spoke before the U.N. General As-sembly, and he asked the U.N. to de-clare a week every year to promote un-derstanding and tolerance between the world’s religions. In his speech before the U.N., this is what King Abdallah said: 
It is also essential to resist forces of divi-sion that spread misunderstanding and mis-trust, especially among peoples of different religions. The fact is, humanity everywhere is bound together, not only by mutual inter-ests, but by shared commandments to love God and neighbor, to love the good and neighbor. What we are proposing is a special week, during which the world’s people, in their own places of worship, could express the teachings of their own faith about toler-ance, respect for others and peace. 
The resolution was adopted unani-mously at the U.N. General Assembly, and all nations, religions, and peoples were asked to observe it. By happy coincidence, as the Pre-siding Officer knows, King Abdallah is in Washington right now. He visited with Senators here at the Capitol yes-terday and today. Earlier today I met with him, and I told him I would speak in his honor in the hopes that his words might inspire us at a challenging time. The word of last Friday’s Executive orders regarding immigration and refu-gees—orders which implemented the President’s campaign rhetoric to im-plement a Muslim ban—shocked the country this weekend. I traveled to Ro-anoke and Blacksburg, VA—commu-nities in the southwestern portion of my Commonwealth. I was there to meet with local health care providers and students pursuing health care ca-reers. I had planned the trip to go talk about the Affordable Care Act, but at my first event, two families came to me with a concern. Working together with Roanoke Catholic charities, they had helped settle a Syrian refugee fam-ily in Blacksburg 1 year ago. The Syr-ian family was a mom and dad and four kids. These sponsors told me how well the family was doing and how wel-coming this community was in bring-ing this family to Virginia and taking them in. The employer of the Syrian father runs a construction company, and he hired him to do construction work. He told me, kind of chuckling about it: Senator, not all my workers agree with me on politics, but no one better say a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.026 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S557 February 1, 2017 
bad word about their Syrian coworker around them. He went on to describe how the em-ployees at his construction firm had done a number of things, including col-lecting funds to help the children have soccer shoes there, in Southwest Vir-ginia. But they didn’t tell me this story because it is a happy story about resettlement of a family, although that is a point of the story. Here is why they came to see me. The community was poised to welcome a second family from Syria—a mother, father, and five minor children—to meet them at the Roanoke airport to-morrow and help them find a home in the United States. This refugee family they were supposed to meet tomorrow fled Syria 4 years ago. They had been living in a refugee camp in Jordan, un-dergoing 4 years of vetting in the hopes they could come to America. Now, their sponsors pressed papers into my hand and said: What will happen to this family? Are they now shut out of the dream they have worked so hard to achieve? Are we now shut out from our desire to offer them the Christian hos-pitality of our community? We have been working to get answers to these questions, but as of today, we know nothing about this family’s fate. There are so many questions I strug-gle to answer in the aftermath of these orders. The orders single out people based on their Muslim faith by tar-geting primarily Muslim nations and allowing exceptions to be made for Christians and other religious minori-ties. Why? The orders single out seven coun-tries—countries where citizens have been exposed to genocide and other crimes against humanity—while leav-ing countries that have actually ex-ported terrorists to the United States untouched. Why? The order was applied to legal perma-nent residents of the United States until clarified and also to brave people who had helped American soldiers on the battlefield, thereby earning a spe-cial immigrant visa status. Why? We can have security procedures that are based on the danger of an indi-vidual rather than a stereotype about where they were born or how they wor-ship. I am called to reflect on these events by King Abdallah’s words suggesting that the world should recognize this week as World Interfaith Harmony Week. He told us today that the order is being viewed with deep anxiety in his country, which is one of our strong-est allies in the Arab world—indeed, in the entire world. I am called to reflect on these events by my own citizens in Roanoke and Blacksburg, working with a church group, who just want to serve others in a way commanded by their faith and by all faiths. At the Presiding Officer’s desk, there is a book of the rules of the Senate and there is also a Bible. In a week where all are called to reflect upon their own religious traditions of tolerance and peace, there is wisdom in that Book for our Nation. Exodus 22:21: ‘‘You shall not wrong or oppress an alien, for you were aliens in the land of Egypt.’’ Leviticus 19:34: ‘‘The alien who re-sides with you shall be to you as a cit-izen among you; you shall love the alien as yourself for you were aliens in the land of Egypt. Deuteronomy 1:16: ‘‘Give the mem-bers of your community a fair hearing and judge rightly between one person and another whether citizen or resident alien.’’ Deuteronomy 10:18–19: ‘‘For the Lord your God loves the strangers, providing them with food and clothing. You shall also love the stranger for you were strangers in the land of Egypt.’’ Deuteronomy 24:17: ‘‘You shall not deprive a resident alien or an orphan of justice.’’ Deuteronomy 26:5: ‘‘A wandering Aramaean was my ancestor, he went down into Egypt and lived there as an alien.’’ Matthew 2:13–23: Jesus began his life as a refugee in Egypt. Matthew 25:34: ‘‘I was hungry and you fed me. I was thirsty and you gave me drink. I was a stranger and you in-vited me into your home.’’ The traditions of this nation, other nations, religions, and peoples point us in the same direction. Pope Francis re-minded us of these very words when he spoke to us in the fall of 2015 and told us—as individual leaders and as a na-tion—that the yardstick we use to measure and evaluate others is the yardstick that will be applied to us. On this opening day of World Inter-faith Harmony Week, I pray that we commit to peaceful understanding and appreciation of people from diverse faith backgrounds. I pray that the un-just immigration orders that target suffering people based on where they were born or how they worship will be rescinded. I pray that Congress and the administration will work together to set up appropriate security procedures that do not discriminate on the grounds of religion or national origin, and I pray that we will be true to our best principles and not sacrifice them for the sake of politics. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The Senator from Colorado. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, as I stated repeatedly before the Presi-dential election of this past year, we stood, and continue to stand, at a very pivotal time in our Nation’s history. After 8 years of using the judicial and regulatory systems to push through its legislative agenda, the balance of power had shifted from what our Founders intended. Our Founders in-tended the Congress to make the laws and write the laws, the executive branch to implement the laws, and the judiciary to be guardians of the Con-stitution, not to make the laws. That is why we said that the next President of the United States, wheth-er they be Democrat or Republican, would have the opportunity to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court, fol-lowing the Biden rule—the edict that there wouldn’t be a confirmation hear-ing for a Supreme Court nominee until after that year’s Presidential elec-tion—to allow the American people to make their decision, giving the Amer-ican people a say in the direction of this country for years to come. In re-turn, they have given us this nominee. It is with great pride that I rise today to talk about the nominee today—a fellow Coloradan, Judge Neil Gorsuch, President Trump’s nominee to the Supreme Court. Judge Gorsuch comes to the Court with that unique western perspective that the Presiding Officer and I share. Our States of Utah and Colorado obviously like to see that western perspective shared at the Tenth Circuit Court, where it is housed in the West, but at every level of our courts and to the Supreme Court—add-ing to Justice Kennedy’s background and to others who share that same per-spective and history in the Supreme Court. Born in Denver, Judge Gorsuch is a fourth-generation Coloradan, coming from a long line of individuals who have dedicated their life to service not only to the State of Colorado but to the Nation. His mother, Ann Gorsuch, served in the Colorado House of Rep-resentatives and, during the Reagan administration, she was the first fe-male Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency. His grand-father, John Gorsuch, founded one of Denver’s largest law firms, Gorsuch Kirgis, where both he and Neil’s father, Dave, practiced throughout the firm’s successful 60-year-old history. His step-father, Robert Buford, was a former speaker of the Colorado House of Rep-resentatives who went on to become the head of the Bureau of Land Man-agement. Judge Gorsuch is also one of our country’s brightest legal minds, with a sterling reputation, and significant ex-perience as a Federal judge and a pri-vate litigator. He has impeccable aca-demic credentials and is a widely re-spected legal scholar. He received his bachelor’s degree from Columbia Uni-versity, graduated from Harvard Law School, and was a Marshall scholar at Oxford University, where he obtained a doctorate in legal philosophy. Of course, I cannot forget the sum-mer he spent at the University of Colo-rado as well. Judge Gorsuch clerked for two Supreme Court justices—Byron White, a Colorado native as well. In fact, in his comments last night after the announcement of his nomination, Judge Gorsuch mentioned that he worked for the only Coloradan to serve on the Supreme Court and also the only leading rusher in the NFL to ever serve on the Supreme Court. He also clerked for Justice Anthony Kennedy, as well as for Judge David Sentelle on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit. Following his clerk-ships, Judge Gorsuch went into private 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.028 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES558 February 1, 2017 
practice, eventually rising to the rank of partner in the elite litigation law firm of Kellogg Huber, leaving practice in 2005 to serve as a high-ranking offi-cial in the Bush administration Justice Department. A year later, President George W. Bush nominated Gorsuch to serve on the Tenth Circuit Court of Ap-peals, a position for which he was con-firmed by a unanimous vote. I think it is very telling that not only was he confirmed by a unanimous vote, but roughly 11 or 12 members of the Demo-cratic conference were there to vote for Judge Gorsuch. There are people serv-ing today who voted for Judge Gorsuch. I believe SCOTUSblog re-cently reported that when Judge Gorsuch was nominated to the Tenth Circuit Court, then, Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation hearing was sparsely at-tended. I believe it mentioned that only a few people attended. I think Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM , our col-league from South Carolina, was one of the Senators to attend his confirma-tion hearing. I believe Senator L
EAHY , our colleague from Vermont, submitted questions for the record. But as SCOTUSblog cited, very few people at-tended his confirmation hearing be-cause of the high caliber and high qual-ity of the nomination. He was intro-duced by my predecessor from Colo-rado, Ken Salazar, and was praised from Senator Salazar’s perspective for being impartial, fair, and the having the kind of temperament that we need in the circuit court. Judge Gorsuch is an ardent faithful defender of the Constitution and has the appropriate temperament, as then- Senator Salazar noted, to serve on the Nation’s highest Court. Of course, he was then talking about the Tenth Cir-cuit Court. Judge Gorsuch recognizes that the judiciary isn’t the place for social or constitutional experimen-tation, and efforts to engage in such experimentation delegitimizes the Court. He has said: 
This overweening addiction to the court-room as the place to debate social policy is bad for the country and bad for the judici-ary. . . . As a society, we lose the benefit of the give-and-take of the political process and the flexibility of social experimentation that only the elected branches can provide. 
Here we see his understanding that certain debates are to take place where debate is held by those elected directly by the people—in the Congress. Judge Gorsuch believes in the separa-tion of powers as established by our Founding Fathers in the Constitution. As he rightly stated, ‘‘a firm and inde-pendent judiciary is critical to a well- functioning democracy,’’ under-standing the value of three branches of government, the value of an inde-pendent judiciary, understanding that there are certain things dedicated ex-clusively to the judiciary, to the legis-lative branch, and to the executive. Judge Gorsuch is not an ideologue. He is a mainstream jurist who follows the law as written and doesn’t try to supplant it with his personal policy preferences. He said: ‘‘Personal politics or policy preferences have no useful role in judging; regular and healthy doses of self-skepticism and humility about one’s own abilities and conclu-sions always do.’’ Judge Gorsuch understands the ad-vantage of democratic institutions and the special authority and legitimacy that come from the consent of the gov-ernment. He said: ‘‘Judges must allow the elected branches of government to flourish and citizens, through their elected representatives, to make laws appropriate to the facts and cir-cumstances of the day.’’ Judge Gorsuch appreciates the rule of law and respects the considered judgment of those who came before him. He said: Precedent is to be respected and honored. It is not something to be diminished or de-meaned. 
This morning, I had the opportunity to meet with Judge Gorsuch—of course, knowing him from Colorado and the town of Boulder, where he lives today, and also where I received my law degree. We spent a lot of time talk-ing about our favorite passions in Colo-rado, whether it is fly-fishing, whether it is paddle-boarding. Of course, he spends a lot of time out on the Boulder Reservoir, enjoying recreation—just like every other person in Boulder does and every other person in Colorado does—as somebody who understands the great outdoors. We talked about the rule of law. We talked about the separation of powers, his concern over originalism and textualism, and fol-lowing in the footsteps of other great Justices on the Supreme Court. We talked about something he said last night when his name was put for-ward for nomination by President Trump. We talked about a statement he made to this effect: If a judge likes every opinion that they have written, every decision that they have reached, they are probably a bad judge. I think this goes to his insistence that, as a judge, you must put your personal be-liefs, your personal policies aside to rule as the rule of law requires and to rule as the Constitution and the stat-utes require. We discussed in our meeting deci-sions he made of which he didn’t like the outcome but believed that the rule of law required a certain outcome— whether it was a felon who possessed a handgun or whether the Federal Gov-ernment had misspoken to the accused and he believed that the government had done the accused wrong. While Judge Gorsuch personally be-lieved that perhaps he would have liked to have found a guilty decision or agreed with a guilty decision, he couldn’t do it because of the standards that were applied in the case—the grammatical gravity that had to be ig-nored in order to reach the conclusion the lower court had reached. His ability to put personal opinions aside, I think, is what makes him an ideal candidate for the U.S. Supreme Court. Over the coming days and months, we are going to have many op-portunities to talk about the qualities of Judge Gorsuch, but we have already heard many people complain that per-haps they didn’t pay enough attention to Judge Gorsuch 10 years ago. They talked about their concern, this new-found concern that was not available— that apparently wasn’t there 10 years ago when this Senate unanimously sup-ported Judge Gorsuch. I have even heard complaints that they didn’t like the way that his nomi-nation was announced—a complaint about how the President announced the nomination. Those are the kinds of concerns we are hearing about Judge Gorsuch today because they didn’t like the way he was announced. We are going to have a lot of oppor-tunity to talk about his temperament, those things he believes are important as a judge, those things he believes are important to make decisions. I look forward to having a conversation about what I believe is a brilliant legal mind—someone of a brilliant legal mind, someone with a sterling reputa-tion, someone who has been known as a feeder judge of clerks to the highest Court in the land, someone who rules on the law and not on his personal be-liefs, someone who believes in the Con-stitution and not in the role of legis-lator from the bench. I am grateful I had this opportunity to support a Coloradan, a man of the West, to Nation’s highest Court, and I look forward to working to place Judge Gorsuch as Associate Justice to the U.S. Supreme Court. Mr. President, I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, we are in the second week of the Trump Presi-dency, and it is pretty clear that some-thing is happening in our country. All across the Nation, Americans in quiet towns and boisterous cities are taking to the streets to fight for American values. They are protesting in the streets and calling their Representa-tives. They are getting involved in local organizations, and they are orga-nizing around the causes they support. We know that American values are threatened when the President issues an order banning immigrants from the country based on their religion. We know that American values are threat-ened when politicians try to break apart a health care system that has ex-tended medical benefits to millions of Americans, and we know that Amer-ican values are threatened when a President tries to stack his govern-ment with billionaires and insiders who have a history of grinding working peo-ple into the dirt. Yesterday something happened that is a threat to our American values. President Trump nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch to serve on the Supreme Court. For years now, I have repeated this warning: America’s promise of equal justice under the law is in dan-ger. Over the last three decades, as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.029 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S559 February 1, 2017 
rich have grown richer and middle- class families have struggled, the scales of justice have also tilted, tilted in favor of the wealthy and the power-ful. This is not an accident. It is part of a deliberate strategy to turn our courts into one more rigged game for folks at the top, and its effects have been dev-astating. Recent court decisions have protected giant businesses from ac-countability, made it harder for people who have been injured or cheated to get a hearing, gutted longstanding laws protecting consumers who have been swindled, and unleashed a flood of se-cret money into our politics that is rapidly tilting the entire government in favor of the wealthy. Billionaires and corporate giants have launched a full-scale attack on fair-minded, mainstream judges. It has happened at every level of our judici-ary, but the best example was the un-precedented blockade of Judge Merrick Garland’s nomination to the Supreme Court. Judge Garland was an obvious consensus nominee and a straight shooter who followed the law. Why block him? The problem was that Judge Garland’s career didn’t reflect a sufficient willingness to bend the law to suit the needs of the rich and power-ful. And for that sin, far-right groups, financed by Big Business interests, spent millions of dollars attacking him, to torpedo his nomination and keep that seat open. They did something else that is even more damaging: Far-right groups also drew up a list of ‘‘acceptable’’ Supreme Court nominees, people who dem-onstrated they were sympathetic to the rich and the powerful. Judge Neil Gorsuch made the cut, and his nomina-tion is their reward. Judge Gorsuch is intelligent and ac-complished. He is polite, respectful, and articulate. Make no mistake, his professional record, which I have re-viewed in detail, clearly and consist-ently favors the interests of big cor-porations over workers, big corpora-tions over consumers, and big corpora-tions over pretty much anybody else. Let’s not mince words. The nomina-tion of Judge Gorsuch is a huge gift to the giant corporations and wealthy in-dividuals who have stolen a Supreme Court seat in order to make sure that the justice system works for them. What I am saying shouldn’t be con-troversial. They haven’t made a secret of what they were doing. This is ex-actly why Judge Gorsuch has been on their list for 4 months. He is the payoff for their multimillion-dollar invest-ment. Throughout his professional career, Judge Gorsuch has shown a truly re-markable insensitivity to the struggles of working Americans and an eagerness to side with businesses that break the rules over workers who are seeking jus-tice. Even before he became a judge, Judge Gorsuch famously argued in favor of limiting the ability of investors and shareholders to bring lawsuits when companies commit fraud, whining about how annoying it is for billionaire corporations to have to face their in-vestors when they cheat them. As a judge for more than a decade, he has twisted himself into a pretzel to make sure that the rules favor giant companies over workers and individual Americans. Let me just count some of the ways. He has sided with employers who deny wages, employers who im-properly fire workers, employers who retaliate against whistleblowers for misconduct. He has sided with employ-ers who denied retirement benefits to their workers. He has sided with big in-surance companies against disabled workers who were denied benefits. He has ruled against workers in all kinds of discrimination cases. He has even ar-gued that the rights of corporations outweigh the rights of the people work-ing for them, for example, allowing businesses to assert religious beliefs so they can limit their employees’ access to health care. Listen to that one again. He thinks that a company can assert a religious belief and decide whether female em-ployees get access to birth control. Let’s be clear. That means a lot of em-ployees will be living at the whim of their employers. Judge Gorsuch has written dismissively about lawsuits to vindi-cate the rights of vulnerable people. Equal marriage? Assisted suicide? Keep those issues out of his courtroom. He is willing to open the doors wide when big corporations show up in his court to challenge health and safety rules they don’t like or regulations to prevent them from polluting our air and water, poisoning our food, under-mining our public safety, or just plain cheating people. When that happens, Judge Gorsuch is ready to go, to over-ride the rules with his own views. On that score, he is even more extreme than Justice Scalia. This is exactly the type of Supreme Court Justice that giant corporations want, but they have never been quite so brazen about it. Spending millions to slime a consensus straight shooter nominee like Merrick Garland and steal a Supreme Court seat, then draw-ing up a public list of ‘‘acceptable’’ al-ternatives and handing it over to a bil-lionaire President so he can do his bud-dies a favor. That is bold. That is bold, and that is not how America is sup-posed to work. Our courts are supposed to be neutral arbiters, dispensing justice based on the facts and the law, not people cho-sen to advance the interests of those at the top. Let’s be clear. This fundamental principle might be more important today than it has ever been in modern history. Every day our new President finds more ways to demonstrate his hostility for an independent judiciary, for a civil society, and for the rule of law. That is precisely the reason that our Constitution gives us a neutral, independent judiciary. We don’t need Justices who have been handpicked for their willingness to kowtow to those with money, power, and influence. We need Justices who will stand up to those with money, power, and influ-ence. Judge Gorsuch may occasionally write in vague terms about the impor-tance of the independent courts. Today, right now, that simply is not good enough. Now, more than ever, the United States needs a Supreme Court that puts the law first every single time. That means Justices with a prov-en record of standing up for the rights of all Americans—civil rights, women’s rights, LGBTQ rights, and all the pro-tections guaranteed by our laws. We cannot stand down when Amer-ican values and constitutional prin-ciples are attacked. We cannot stand down when the President of the United States hands our highest Court over to the highest bidder, and that is why I will oppose Judge Gorsuch’s nomina-tion. Mr. President, I yield. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today in support of the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to serve as the next Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. Judge Gorsuch has been nominated to fill the seat left vacant by the late Justice Antonin Scalia. Justice Scalia was a dear friend of mine, and his death was a great loss to me and to our country, not just to me personally but for the whole Nation. Justice Scalia joined the Supreme Court after years of unbridled activism by the Court, during which time Jus-tices imposed their own left-wing views—completely unmoored from the law as written—on the American peo-ple. In response, he led a much needed revolution based on the enduring prin-ciple that the role of a judge is to say what the law is, not what a judge wish-es it were. As the intellectual architect of the effort to restore the judiciary to its proper role under the Constitution, Justice Scalia was a singularly influen-tial jurist. To say that he leaves big shoes to fill is an understatement. Any worthy suc-cessor to his legacy will not only be committed to continuing his life’s work but also capable of delivering the sort of intellectual firepower and lead-ership that Justice Scalia provided for decades. Of all the potential candidates for this position, this vacancy, Neil Gorsuch stands out as the jurist best positioned to fill this role. His resume 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.030 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES560 February 1, 2017 
can only be described as stellar: Co-lumbia University, a Marshall Scholar-ship to study at Oxford, Harvard Law School, clerkships for Judge Sentelle on the DC Circuit and for Justices White and Kennedy on the Supreme Court, a distinguished career in private practice and at the Department of Jus-tice, and more than a decade of service on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Even among his many talented col-leagues on the Federal bench, his opin-ions consistently stand out for their clarity, thoughtfulness, and airtight reasoning. In the words of one of his colleagues appointed by President Car-ter, Judge Gorsuch ‘‘writes opinions in a unique style that has more verve and vitality than any other judge I study on a regular basis.’’ He continued: ‘‘Judge Gorsuch listens well and de-cides justly. His dissents are instruc-tive rather than vitriolic. In sum, I think he is an excellent judicial crafts-man.’’ This view of Judge Gorsuch’s capa-bilities is broadly shared across a wide swath of legal observers. Consider some other descriptions of his qualifications from outlets that could hardly be con-sidered conservative. The New York Times reported on his ‘‘credentials and erudition.’’ The Los Angeles Times called him a ‘‘highly regarded . . . ju-rist,’’ and ABC News described how ‘‘in legal circles, he’s considered a gifted writer.’’ I think there can be no doubt that Judge Gorsuch has the credentials to make him a capable and effective mem-ber of the U.S. Supreme Court. Never-theless, I have long held that a nomi-nee’s resume alone—no matter how sterling—should not be considered suf-ficient evidence to merit confirmation to the Supreme Court. Rather, we should also consider a nominee’s judi-cial philosophy. In this analysis, Judge Gorsuch has developed a record that should command ironclad confidence in his understanding of the proper role of a judge under the Constitution. Judge Gorsuch’s opinions and writings show a clear fidelity to a judge’s proper role. While his body of work is replete with examples of this fidelity, I want to point to one example in particular, a lecture he delivered last year in the wake of Justice Scalia’s death that is one of the most thoughtful and persuasive cases for the proper role of a judge that I have ever read. In it, he affirmed his allegiance to the traditional account of the judi-cial role championed by Justice Scalia, which he described as such: 
The great project of Justice Scalia’s career was to remind us of the differences between judges and legislators. To remind us that legislators may appeal to their own moral convictions and to claims about social util-ity to reshape the law as they think it should be in the future. But that judges should do none of these things in a demo-cratic society. That judges should instead strive (if humanly and so imperfectly) to apply the law as it is, focusing backward, not forward, and looking to text, structure, and history to decide what a reasonable reader at the time of the events in question would have understood the law to be—not to decide cases based on their own moral convictions or the policy consequences they believe might serve society best. As Justice Scalia put it, ‘‘If you are going to be a good and faithful judge, you have to resign yourself to the fact that you’re not always going to like the conclusions you reach. If you like them all the time, you are probably doing something wrong.’’ This is exactly the kind of judicial philosophy we need our judges to espouse, and Neil Gorsuch is exactly the man to embody it on the Supreme Court. If there is one line in that lec-ture to which I could draw attention, it is the quotation of Justice Scalia’s for-mulation of the very basic notion that a good judge will oftentimes reach out-comes that he does not personally agree with as a matter of policy. Such a notion should be uncontroversial. Indeed, many of Justice Scalia’s brightest opinions came in cases in which I suspect he would have voted differently as a legislator than as a judge. Yet such a concept might seem wholly foreign to a casual observer of media coverage of the Supreme Court, in which cases are invariably viewed through a political lens. Decisions and Justices are regularly described as lib-eral or conservative, with little atten-tion paid to rationale and method-ology, the matters properly at the core of a judge’s work. This phenomenon re-flects a regrettable dynamic observed by Justice Scalia himself. As the late Justice observed, when judges sub-stitute their personal policy pref-erences for the fixed and discernible meaning of the law, the selection of judges—in particular, the selection of Supreme Court Justices—becomes what he called a mini-plebiscite on the meaning of the Constitution and laws of this country. Put another way, if judges are empowered to rewrite the laws as they please, the judicial ap-pointment process becomes a matter of selecting life-tenured legislators prac-tically immune from any account-ability whatsoever. If we value such a system of judicial review, a system deeply at odds with the Constitution’s concept of the judi-ciary, then one can easily see why judi-cial selection becomes a matter of pro-ducing particular policy outcomes. Thus, it is easy to see why many on the left who believe in such a system de-mand litmus tests on hot-button policy issues. To them, a judge is not fit to serve unless they rule in a way that produces a particular policy. Simply put, this is a terrible way to approach judicial selection. It undermines the Constitution and all of the crucial principles that it enshrines from the rule of law to the notion that our gov-ernment’s legitimacy depends on the consent of the government. A good judge is not one that we can depend on to produce particular policy outcomes. A good judge is one we can depend on to produce the outcomes commanded by the law and the Con-stitution. Neil Gorsuch has firmly es-tablished himself as that kind of a judge. In Neil Gorsuch’s America, the laws that bind us are made by the peo-ple’s elected representatives, not unelected, unaccountable judges. In Neil Gorsuch’s America, the powers and limits of each branch of govern-ment are decided by the Constitution, no matter whether their enforcement produces a liberal or conservative out-come. In Neil Gorsuch’s America, the basic freedoms of the American people enumerated in the Bill of Rights are carefully protected, whether they are in fashion lately with the left, the right, both or neither. In Neil Gorsuch’s America, the views that matter are yours and mine, not those of a handful of lawyers in black robes in Washington. For these reasons, I applaud the President for his absolutely stellar choice. Judge Gorsuch will do us proud as our next Supreme Court Justice. I will do everything in my power to en-sure his confirmation. I will have more to say on this in the future, but I yield the floor at this time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, it hasn’t even been 2 weeks, and President Trump has already demonstrated that he has little tolerance for independent thinking and dissent. He has his own version of reality, which is why his ad-ministration resorts to alternative facts. When the media accurately reported how small the crowd was at his inau-guration, he presented us with alter-native facts. When the media pointed out he lost the popular vote by the largest margin of any President, he boldly proclaimed, without any evi-dence, that 3 to 5 million people voted illegally. Many consider this whopper as a cynical way to encourage more States to pass voter suppression laws justified by the bogus claim of wide-spread voter fraud. Just 2 days ago, the President again showed the American people how intol-erant he is of principled dissent when he fired acting Attorney General Sally Yates after she refused to enforce or defend his totally unjustifiable, knee- jerk, and probably unconstitutional Executive order on Muslim immigra-tion. By firing Sally Yates, the President demonstrated once again that he val-ues loyalty to himself above service to the American people and adherence to the Constitution. This is particularly disturbing as we begin to consider the President’s nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to sit on the Supreme Court. I am only beginning to scrutinize Judge Gorsuch’s record, but I am very concerned that he will be a rubberstamp for President Trump’s radical agenda. You don’t have to take my word for it. You only have to listen to what the President has been saying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.032 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S561 February 1, 2017 
over the past 2 years. In June 2015, then-Candidate Trump told CNN’s Jake Tapper that he would apply a pro-life litmus test for his nominees to the Su-preme Court. He did it again at a press conference last March, during the third Presidential debate, and shortly after his election. This isn’t the only litmus test Presi-dent Trump promised to apply. In Feb-ruary 2016, President Trump com-mitted to appointing a Justice who would allow businesses and individuals to deny women access to health care on the basis of so-called religious freedom. In February 2016, President Trump told Joe Scarborough he would make up-holding the Heller decision on guns an-other litmus test for his Supreme Court nominee. Like tens of millions of Americans, I am deeply concerned that President Trump applied each of these tests before he nominated Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. In the weeks and months ahead, I will carefully and extensively scruti-nize Judge Gorsuch’s record. I will question him on his judicial philosophy and how he interprets the Constitu-tion. I will insist he clarify his position on a woman’s constitutionally pro-tected right to choose, on voting rights, and the appropriate balance be-tween corporate interests and indi-vidual rights. I will do my job as a United States Senator. The American people deserve nothing less from each of us. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
STREAM BUFFER RULE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, for the last 8 years, the Obama administra-tion has pushed through a number of harmful regulations that circumvent Congress, slow growth, shift power away from State and local govern-ments toward Washington, and kill a lot of jobs. Even on the way out the door, the former administration’s regu-latory onslaught continued as they pushed through more midnight regula-tions. These nearly 40 major regula-tions, which were pushed through by the Obama administration since elec-tion day, would cost Americans a pro-jected $157 billion, according to one re-port. Fortunately, with a new President, we now have the opportunity to give the American people relief and our economy a boost. One of the most im-portant tools we have is the Congres-sional Review Act, which allows Con-gress to provide relief from heavy-handed regulations that hold our coun-try back. The House just took an important step by sending us two pieces of legisla-tion that will reassert congressional authority and make a real impact for the American people. One of those resolutions will address a regulation that puts U.S. companies at a competitive disadvantage to pri-vate and foreign companies. Passing this resolution will allow the SEC to go back to the drawing board so that we can promote transparency, which is something we all want, but to do so without giving giant foreign conglom-erates a leg up over American workers. We will take it up soon. The other resolution, which we will take up first, will address an eleventh- hour parting salvo in the Obama ad-ministration’s war on coal families that could threaten one-third of Amer-ica’s coal-mining jobs. It is identical to the legislation I introduced this week and is a continuation of my efforts to push back against the former adminis-tration’s attack on coal communities. Appalachian coal miners, like those in my home State of Kentucky, need relief right now. That is why groups like the Kentucky Coal Association, the United Mine Workers Association, and 14 State attorneys general, among others, have all joined together in a call to overturn this regulation. The Senate should approve this reso-lution without delay and send it to the President’s desk. The sooner we do, the sooner we can begin undoing the job- killing policies associated with the stream buffer rule. This is not a par-tisan issue; this is about bringing relief to those who need it and protecting jobs across our country. I hope our friends across the aisle will support our Nation’s coal miners and join me in ad-vancing this resolution. After we address these regulations, both the House and the Senate will continue working to advance several other CRA resolutions that can bring the American people relief. f 
MOTION TO PROCEED TO LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I now move to proceed to legislative ses-sion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). Mr. SCHUMER. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
UR-
BIN) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 55, nays 42, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 41 Ex.] YEAS—55 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cortez Masto Duckworth Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Coons Durbin Sessions 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
DISAPPROVING A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to H.J. Res. 38. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to H.J. Res. 38, a joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
UR-
BIN) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 56, nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 42 Leg.] YEAS—56 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.033 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES562 February 1, 2017 
Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cortez Masto Duckworth Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Coons Durbin 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
DISAPPROVING A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the joint resolution. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 38) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to 5 USC 802(d)(2), there will be up to 10 hours of debate, equally divided be-tween the proponents and the oppo-nents of the resolution. The Senator from Utah. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I rise to speak about the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to be an Associate Justice on the U.S. Supreme Court. Confirmation of anyone appointed to the Federal judiciary is a big deal. Con-firmation of someone appointed to serve on the Supreme Court of the United States is an exceptionally weighty matter. I therefore approach this with the seriousness it deserves. I approach this as one who has argued in front of Judge Gorsuch. I found as a lawyer that he is an exceptional judge, an unusual judge—a judge who comes to argument with an unusual degree of preparation, having read all the briefs and apparently all of the cases and all of the statutes cited in the briefs. There are some judges who at oral ar-gument are constantly asking ques-tions, but they are not necessarily questions that need to be asked. Per-haps some judges want to hear the sound of their own voices. That is, of course, something that would never happen here, in the U.S. Senate, but it happens sometimes with other people. There are other judges who might be quiet throughout an argument. Then there is a unique category of judge, a judge who doesn’t necessarily speak constantly but a judge who listens at-tentively and then pounces at the mo-ment when he or she sees the pivotal moment in the case arising. The late Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr., used to say there was a point of contact in every case. When asked, he pointed out that the point of contact in any case is the place where the boy got his finger caught in the machinery. I learned that quote when I was in law school. I have never entirely understood what it means, but it re-minds me of the fact that in every case, there is a pivotal fact and a piv-otal aspect of the law which, when properly understood, can help lead the court to a proper disposition of the legal question at hand. Judge Gorsuch is one of those rare judges who is able to seize upon the point of contact in any case. He does so with seeming effortlessness. Yet I know he does it in a way that requires a lot of effort because these things don’t just come naturally. They come only as a result of faithful study of the law, of faithful attention to detail in every case, reading every brief in every case. Judge Gorsuch does this in part be-cause he was well trained. When we look at his background, we can see that excellence has always been some-thing we have been able to see from him. He graduated with honors from Harvard Law School and received a doctorate in jurisprudence from Ox-ford. He clerked for three brilliant and very well-respected jurists: Judge David Sentelle on the U.S. Court of Ap-peals for the DC Circuit and Justice Byron White, as well as Justice An-thony Kennedy of the U.S. Supreme Court. We could not ask for a better legal education or a stronger record of accomplishment from a young lawyer. After his clerkship, Judge Gorsuch entered into private practice, where he was a trial attorney for 10 years. In 2005, he joined the U.S. Department of Justice as Principal Deputy Attorney General, and he became a judge on the Tenth Circuit in 2006, where he has served for the last decade. Judge Gorsuch has what I would con-sider—and I think what most would ac-knowledge—is the correct approach to the law. He is a judge’s judge, both lit-erally and figuratively—literally, be-cause he sits on the U.S. Court of Ap-peals for the Tenth Circuit. He literally judges the rulings of other judges. It is his job to decide whether other judges have done the right thing. And he is a judge’s judge figuratively in the sense that he has the characteristics that all judges aspire to—or at least should. He decides cases based on what the law says and not on the basis of what a par-ticular judge might wish the law said. I particularly enjoyed last night lis-tening to Judge Gorsuch speak at the White House, his reference to what he considers an important, telltale sign of a good judge or a bad judge. He said: ‘‘A judge who likes every outcome he reaches is very likely a bad judge, stretching for results he prefers rather than those the law demands.’’ So a bad judge is one who necessarily likes all the results he reaches, and it naturally follows that a good judge will, from time to time, necessarily disagree with some of the judge’s own rulings. In other words, the outcome of the case doesn’t necessarily match up with the outcome the good judge would prefer— or the judge, an all-powerful ruler who had the power not only to interpret the law but also make it, establishing rules, embodying policies that would govern in all cases. This is the essence of the conserv-ative legal movement—the judicial conservative movement, we might say—in which Justice Scalia was so in-fluential, which is why it is so fitting that Judge Gorsuch has been named to replace Justice Scalia. Judges do not have a roving commis-sion specifically to address all of the evils that plague society. They don’t have a roving commission to decide big policy questions of the sort we debate in this Chamber every day. The judge’s role, rather, is to apply the facts to the case at hand, and, in the case of the Supreme Court, to provide guidance to lower courts so they can resolve dif-ficult and consequential questions of law. Judge Gorsuch understands the difference between being a judge and being a legislator, and that is very much reflected in his work on the bench. When I had the privilege of prac-ticing law and appearing in front of Judge Gorsuch, I was able to be the beneficiary of his skill as a judge and of his commitment to the rule of law. Over the last few days, I have had the privilege of reading many of his opin-ions. I spent hours upon hours poring through his opinions. Knowing that he might well be named to the Supreme Court, knowing he was one of the po-tential nominees made me want to learn more about him than I already knew. I have to say, every single opin-ion I read, without exception, was im-peccable to an unusual degree. They are methodical. They are careful. They are studious. They reflect a degree of academic and professional craftsman-ship rarely seen. He treats the parties appearing before him with dignity and respect. He takes their arguments seri-ously, and he respectfully explains their arguments as he addresses them. I know from my time in the practice of law that no one likes to lose a case, but I doubt any litigant has read a Judge Gorsuch opinion and felt like he failed to understand their position or that he failed to take their views seri-ously with the credibility and dignity they deserve. This is a crucial yet, sadly, often underrated factor when re-viewing the work of any judge. Most of all, his opinions are just bril-liant. They are digestible to lawyers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.012 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S563 February 1, 2017 
and nonlawyers alike. This is crucial because the judiciary belongs to every-one in this country, not just to attor-neys. Judge Gorsuch’s opinions are memorably written without being snarky, and he scatters his opinions with literary and philosophical ref-erences to highlight the legal points he is making while also just making the opinion much more interesting. As someone who has read more than my fair share of judicial opinions, I can tell you that Judge Gorsuch’s opinions are among the very best I have ever read. I don’t just mean a few of them, I mean every single one of them that I have read, which is a lot of them. They are very, very good. In fact, they are Supreme Court caliber. Judge Gorsuch has written hundreds of opinions, but there are two recently decided cases I wish to highlight. He is a critic of an obscure but very significant legal rule known as the Chevron doctrine. When the Supreme Court decided the Chevron case back in 1984, the Justices may not have thought they were deciding a big case. They might not have realized the ex-tent to which the decision in Chevron v. NRDC—the extent to which that case would have such a profound im-pact on the Federal judiciary and on the state of the law in the United States of America, but Chevron is in fact one of the most important Su-preme Court cases that most of us have never heard of. It says that the courts must defer to an agency interpretation of a statute if the statute is ambig-uous. The problem with Chevron, as Judge Gorsuch has pointed out, is that it tends to divest the courts of their obli-gation to ‘‘say what the law is,’’ as Chief Justice John Marshall wrote in Marbury v. Madison. It has led to a system in which executive agencies not only make and enforce the law but also interpret the law, arrogating to them-selves, in effect, some aspects of the powers allocated to all three branches of the Federal Government. This is a violation of the doctrine of separation of powers, one of the most important protections in the Constitution, one of the two fundamental structural protec-tions in the Constitution, as important as any other provision in our founding document. Worse, doctrines that have developed in response to Chevron allow agencies to stake out a legal position, lose in court, and stake out a new legal posi-tion that reaches the same outcome. As Judge Gorsuch points out, that cre-ates fair notice and equal protection problems. Now, there are two additional points to make about Chevron. First, in the coming days, we will undoubtedly hear some of my colleagues complain that getting rid of Chevron will somehow make the air less clean, our food less safe, our financial system more unsta-ble, and cause a whole lot of other problems, but as Judge Gorsuch has written, ‘‘We managed to live with the administrative state before Chevron. We could do it again. Put simply, it seems to me that in a world without Chevron, very little would change—ex-cept perhaps the most important things.’’ Second, it is important to note here that the Chevron doctrine is not a par-ticularly ideological one. Indeed, in the 1980s, Chevron pri-marily assisted the Reagan administra-tion’s deregulation efforts, and junking the doctrine today would constrain the Trump administration’s use of regula-tions. So eliminating the doctrine would affect equally Republican and Democratic policy goals. In any event, I am sure, based on his background and on his record, Judge Gorsuch’s critique of the doctrine is not about politics; it is about first principles. At the end of the day, Chevron is neither Republican nor Democratic; it is neither liberal nor conservative. It is simply wrong. In another notable case, Judge Gorsuch was the lone dissenter in a case in which an 11-year-old student was arrested for generating fake burps in class. As heinous a crime as some might perceive this to be, it is not ordi-narily the kind of thing that results in calling the police. Judge Gorsuch would have concluded that clearly es-tablished law prevented the arrest and that the child’s parents should prevail in a lawsuit against the school officials who decided to call the police in re-sponse to this childish act in class. This is not uncommon for Judge Gorsuch, who has voted not to provide qualified immunity in several cases and has voted in many cases for the un-derdog, for someone who might other-wise not have had a chance in court but for the willingness of one very brave and astute and diligent judge to study the law and the facts of that case aggressively so as to make sure that justice was accorded to the parties. There are other important areas of the law where Judge Gorsuch has made an important contribution during his time on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. I will be talking about some of those at length in the days and weeks to come. He has been a staunch advocate for the First Amend-ment. He has read criminal statutes to constrain the government’s power, where appropriate, and has voted in several cases to withhold qualified im-munity. All of these are important, and I look forward to discussing them with my colleagues. Before I close, I want to talk a bit about the confirmation process. In 2006, Judge Gorsuch’s nomination to the Tenth Circuit was so uncontroversial that it lasted 26 minutes—just 26 min-utes, less time than a ‘‘Brady Bunch’’ episode. He was confirmed on a voice vote. Among other notable Members of the Senate the day that Judge Gorsuch was confirmed were Minority Leader S
CHUMER , ranking member of the Judi-ciary Committee F
EINSTEIN , Senator D
URBIN , and Senator L EAHY . Already, prominent liberal lawyers are praising his nomination. Neal Katyal, who served as Acting Solicitor General under President Obama, has a New York Times op-ed in which he urges liberals to support Judge Gorsuch. Katyal writes: I, for one, wish it were a Democrat choos-ing the next justice. But since that is not to be, one basic criterion should be paramount: Is the nominee someone who will stand up for the rule of law and say no to a president or Congress that strays beyond the Constitu-tion and laws? I have no doubt that if con-firmed, Judge Gorsuch would help restore confidence in the rule of law. His years on the bench reveal a commitment to judicial independence—a record that should give the American people confidence that he will not compromise principle to favor the president who appointed him. 
Judge Gorsuch is exactly the type of judge who should be confirmed, who should be allowed to serve on the Su-preme Court of the United States. This vacancy was a central issue in the 2016 election. The people have now spoken, and I plan to honor the results of this election by working as hard as I can to see Judge Neil Gorsuch confirmed to the Supreme Court of the United States. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Wash-ington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I come to the floor tonight to start de-bate on what is called the Congres-sional Review Act of the stream pro-tection rule. For people who are prob-ably saying ‘‘I don’t understand any of that; could you explain it to me?’’ what we are going to do tonight is to start this debate, which is really about clean water, and it is about making sure that polluters clean up their messes, par-ticularly when it comes to streams and the beauty we have in our country that is used by many people. And it is about making sure that rules for polluters paying are enforced in law and, clearly, agencies which have developed those rules in conjunction with laws that are already on the books continue to have those laws in effect. We are in a new administration, and already the debate is starting where people would like this end result to be clean water, 0; Donald Trump, the new President, 1. That is because this ad-ministration is starting a war on clean water, and tonight that debate is com-ing to the Senate floor. It is coming to the Senate floor because the last ad-ministration worked for more than 5 years on producing something to make sure that we had safe drinking water and safe stream water for fishing and to make sure that industries that are known for polluting ensure that their level of pollution is cleaned up. After more than 5 years in the imple-mentation of that rule, after thousands and thousands of hours of discussion and debate, as it has become a rule, now there is one thing that can stop it. There is one thing that can stop it; that is, if Congress uses its authority under the Congressional Review Act to repeal it within the 60 days of legisla-tive action that it has become effec-tive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.037 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES564 February 1, 2017 
What is happening is that the Trump administration and our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are trying to say that we want to repeal more than 5 years of hard work of clearly out-lining a stream protection rule to pro-tect streams in the United States of America from pollution caused by cer-tain types of mining activity. Let me show you a picture of what I am talking about. This stream could be anywhere in America. It could be any-where in the United States of America. It is probably a good picture. Why? Be-cause it shows the great outdoors. Probably for me, it is somewhere I would like to hike. It shows a stream, but it shows the degradation of that stream with the pollution in the stream. Whether you are Trout Unlimited, which supported this rule, or you are the Wilderness Society, or all the hunt-ing and fishing groups that supported this rule, or you are just one of the many citizens in a State where mining exists and you are happy that it exists there but you also want them to be clean up their messes—these are the people who do not want to see this level of degradation in the streams. Why don’t they want to see it? Be-cause first and foremost they obviously don’t want to see it, but if you are a fisherman and you are out fishing, you certainly don’t want to see the impacts that selenium is causing on fish. There are a couple of incidents here where the impacts of selenium on fish are shown in this diagram. Deforma-tion both here in the tail and here in the mouth of fish are impacts from se-lenium in streams. We do not want to see selenium having that kind of im-pact on our fish. What do we want to do? We want to make sure that we are measuring sele-nium in the streams and that we are cleaning it up. That is what we want to do. The notion that somehow people have described a rule for stream pro-tection that is about having safe drink-ing water and having safe fishing water is about a ‘‘war on coal’’ is just wrong-headed. This is about making sure that we don’t overturn something that took over 5 years to get in place. And I should say, it is the first time in 33 years that we have updated this rule. For 33 years, the Department of the Interior has said that the hydraulic im-pact of mining on a stream should be mitigated. What has changed in the last 33 years is that we now have better technology and we have more informa-tion about selenium. We know that it impacts fish, and we want mining com-panies to measure their impacts on headwaters and make sure they are doing something to minimize this sele-nium impact. I know people think that maybe in this process for 5 years—somehow that created a decrease in the amount of coal in the United States of America, even though the rule was just getting started. Let’s look at the real issue. The real issue is that natural gas be-coming cheaper in the United States of America has pushed down the demand for purchasing coal, a more expensive product that had nothing do with this rule. I have been in business and, yes, you plan for the future. And if you think your business is going to have to in-crease its insurance or change its busi-ness practices, yes, you consider all of that, but this chart clearly shows that our electricity grid has gone from hav-ing 50 percent of it supplied by coal now down—as this line is crossing here—to about 30 percent of our elec-tricity grid from coal. This rule was not in place. Saying that you want to have safe drinking water has nothing to do with what has happened in the marketplace as nat-ural gas has become a more viable op-tion than coal. This chart shows it. We have another chart that also shows this 23-percent decline in coal. Why? Again, because of natural gas consumption going up. For those on the other side who would like to say this is somehow about a war on coal, I will tell you, we should not denigrate anybody for the job that they have done to support their families. In fact, I believe we should make sure they have a pension, make sure they have health care. It is a tragedy that we bailed out Wall Street from the U.S. Treasury, and as pension programs all across America imploded, nobody wanted to bail out the pension program for min-ers so they could retire with the kinds of health benefits that other people do. If we want to help individuals who are suffering in coal country, I suggest that we take care of their pensions. In the meantime, what we should do is make sure we are preparing for the health and safety of people who depend on these streams for multiple uses; that is to say, there are those in an outdoor economy who count just as much on those streams and count on them not being polluted because of cer-tain mining activities. This chart can be shown in just about every State of the United States. The outdoor economy in our States—the people who like to go fishing, the peo-ple who like to go hunting, the people who like to navigate our rivers and want to do so when they are not pol-luted—is 6.1 million direct jobs in the United States. That basically dwarfs the coal industry. This isn’t about saying one job is bet-ter than the other, but the notion that somehow we are hurting our economy because we want to have clean streams and we want people to be able to safely catch fish without selenium in them is basically ignoring the facts. By not regulating the coal industry to make sure they are cleaning up their mess, you are hurting the 6.1 million jobs that depend on having clean streams. I know people here probably under-stand that Montana is full of streams. That movie, ‘‘A River Runs Through It,’’ is iconic in the Northwest as an ex-ample of why people love the outdoors because they want to fish. They want the experience of going and being out-doors and having the wonder of that. I personally have been in the streams of West Virginia and have had a fabu-lous time. I want other people to un-derstand that these streams are worth protecting all over the United States of America. But the movie is not called ‘‘A River Runs Through It and a Mine Sits on Top of It.’’ We don’t have peo-ple moving to Montana and buying ranches, making investments, hiring people, and diversifying because they want to see the mines in Montana. They want to see the beauty of the out-doors. They want it to be pure and pris-tine, and they want people to clean up their pollution. If we are talking about an economy and you want to talk about jobs, do not ruin the $80 billion in tax revenue that comes from an out-door industry because you want to allow an industry to continue to pol-lute. I am going to continue for the next year to make this point to my col-leagues in the West who are going to try to overturn every rule they don’t like because they think somehow that they want to claim it impacts jobs. We are going to have this discussion, and we are going to show that the outdoor economy is just as important and is ac-tually producing more jobs and pro-ducing more revenue. The only point of conflict, I think, is when one impacts the other to the degree of creating pol-lution and then taking a beautiful stream away from us—because no one wants to fish in a stream with that level of pollution. Why are we here? We are here be-cause certain types of mining—particu-larly, mountaintop removal mining— make it way more challenging to pro-tect those streams. As I mentioned, for the last several years, people have been discussing what to do to make sure that these companies are making sure the environmental impacts are mini-mized. The production of these mines has actually fallen a great degree in the last several years. We have been working, as I said, dur-ing this time period to make sure that we implement the right kind of regula-tions so that people will clean up this mess. As I mentioned, it has been basi-cally since the early eighties until this level of attention was given to a new rule. Why do we want to change a rule that was from 1983? Because it says that you must minimize the disturb-ances to the prevailing hydraulic bal-ance at the mine site and offer areas and quality of water and ground water systems, both during and after the mining operations. President Trump did not invent that. That has been in law all along. The no-tion that somehow that has changed is not correct. It has been in the opening days of the Trump administration that people are trying to say that steward-ship doesn’t matter, that somehow, yes, we want to have immaculate water 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.047 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S565 February 1, 2017 
and immaculate air—as President Trump said—but it is OK if regulations cause a problem for business. What business? The outdoor industry or the coal industry? Because right now, you are talking about making a change to what is protection of those streams and repealing a law that is about safe drinking water. We don’t want to eliminate that. We want to make sure that we use the best technology available to mini-mize the disturbances, address the im-pacts on fish and wildlife, and any other related environmental issues. We know a lot more about mining and fish-ing. As I showed you one picture, I will show you another impact of selenium. Basically, it is showing the deforma-tion. What we now know much more about is how selenium does impact these areas. What is at stake if you kill the stream protection rule? Our sports-men—groups like the National Wildlife Federation and Trout Unlimited—say this: 
The resolution is an ill-conceived tool for jettisoning a very useful rule that protects mountain head water streams and commu-nities throughout the coal country in Appa-lachia. We urge you to oppose striking this rule, and to instead work with the Depart-ment of Interior to protect these streams, and make necessary improvements to im-prove the CRA, instead of using it as a cleaver. 
They go on to say: 
150,000 passionate trout anglers work to conserve, protect and restore our Nation’s trout and salmon fisheries and their water-sheds. And our members give back to the re-sources they love by investing dollars and hundreds of thousands of volunteer hours to conserve streams. 
So you can see that they feel passion-ately about this. They feel passion-ately because this is part of our out-door economy and what people have passion about. In my State, people would say: Well, you have these other jobs. No, actu-ally, in our State, there are 250 aban-doned mines in Washington. Yes, if we don’t clean them up, and if we don’t make sure there is reclamation, there is still pollution. We have had a mine history in our State, but we want responsible mining and we want responsible cleanup. With today’s rule that is in place and that you are trying to repeal—to repeal safe drinking water, basically—that would take those tools away and allow pollu-tion to continue. What is the cost of that? It is very small. You would think that the way some people go on about this, that somehow this is astronom-ical amounts of money. Basically, it is about 0.1 percent of the industry’s an-nual revenue. When you are in busi-ness, you think about your costs. You think about your cost of doing busi-ness. Yes, the cost of doing business has to include making sure that you clean up pollution. To me, this is an in-dustry that makes way more than this in its annual revenue. Am I empathetic to my colleagues who represent States that are changing in their energy mix and resources? Do you think we need to have a plan for that? Yes. Do I think we need to have a plan for how we are going to diver-sify? Yes, I do. But this is not an eco-nomic debate about how we are going to save jobs. In reality, as I showed in the chart before, the natural gas prices are driving coal to a much lower level of our electricity grid than ever before in our history, and that is not going to change. Let’s make sure we clean up our streams. Let’s make sure we use the best technology available to make sure we are detecting that pollution and re-quire people to have a minimal amount of responsibility in the cost of what it takes to make sure that selenium is not in drinking water or impacting our fish. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. SPIRIT OF BIPARTISANSHIP  
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from Utah and his eloquent comments about the Supreme Court nominee. I would like to asso-ciate myself with everything he said. He has the kind of experience and in-sight that I hope so many Members on both sides of the aisle will listen to. I am here to talk about the spirit of bipartisanship and getting things done. I submitted an editorial to my local newspaper down in Charlotte a couple of weeks ago. The whole premise of my opinion was that in November the vot-ers did not vote for a Republican man-date; they voted for a results mandate. They are tired of the gridlock they see up here in Washington. They are tired of people promising things they know they can’t deliver. They are wanting for a leader in President Trump and in the congressional leadership people who want to produce results. They want people who want to work across the aisle and come up with bipartisan solutions to a lot of the problems that confront this Nation. You would have thought that I changed my registration and became a member of the minority party with the criticism that I got from people on my side of the aisle. I was called a RINO. For those of you who don’t know what that is, that is a Republican in name only. When I was the speaker of the house in North Carolina, the last thing I was ever called was a RINO. We worked on a conservative agenda that made sense. We gained the support of a number of Democrats along the way. North Caro-lina is a lot better place because of the courage of those folks who were willing to work across the aisle to help our great State, to go from one of the lag-gards in terms of economic perform-ance to one of the leading States in the Nation for economic performance over the course of about 4 years. I don’t really care about the criti-cism from the talking heads—from the far left or the far right—because I con-sider them one of the great threats that we have to actually turning this Congress around and getting things done. I am going to do everything I can to reach across the aisle and produce solutions to some of the most vexing problems we have. There are solutions within our reach. If you think about immigration re-form, there is a 40-year-old failure on the part of the Republicans and Demo-crats to address the immigration prob-lem. Everybody wants their position on one end of the spectrum or the other versus what the American people want or a solution to the problem—a solu-tion that makes sure the American worker is respected and taken care of, that our borders are secure, and that we end this 40-year-old failure on the part of Washington to solve the prob-lem. They want solutions on criminal jus-tice reform. We have many people in prison who, after they get out, are more likely to go back into prison be-cause we really haven’t thought about commonsense ways to help them enter back into society and have productive lives, beyond just going back into a criminal enterprise. We can solve that problem, but we can only solve it if we have Republicans and Democrats come together—and silence the voices who want their perfect version based on their ideology—on a solution that makes sense to the average American. The agenda that we want to complete can only be completed if we have peo-ple who have the courage to come to this floor and do what I consider to be political courage. It is not courageous for me as a Republican to stand up to a Democrat and oppose their view. That is my job. I am a conservative. I am a proud conservative. Courage, in terms of someone who would walk onto this floor, is someone who can look at a person—a fellow Republican and con-servative—and say: We are not going to go where you want to go because we are here to get something done—not just to make speeches, not to talk about an unachievable goal, but to make progress on things that are sound, conservative policies. But maybe we have to make some com-promises. Maybe we have to go a little bit further than we want because we want to get something done. We want to pass things that are good. If we wait to only pass things that are perfect, then we will be guilty of doing exactly what many other people have done in this body—to promise a lot and deliver very little. I took a lot of hits for my op-ed and my public comments about bipartisan-ship, about compromise, about respect, about reaching across the aisle. I am willing to take those hits because I would rather go down as someone who is willing to go get something done than someone who is willing to only settle for the perfect, knowing that perfect never happens here. The Found-ing Fathers didn’t expect perfect. The Founding Fathers introduced defects, if you read the Federalist Papers, that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.048 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES566 February 1, 2017 
prevented any one ambition from pre-vailing. To have ambition set against ambition is foundational to our demo-cratic institution here. We are not going after perfect. We are going to go after good. I was really excited. I got some great comments from my friends across the aisle. I thought this is an area where we can work together. There are a lot of areas where we can’t work together because our world views are so dif-ferent. Let’s not focus on those. Let’s focus on things on which we can work together. I thought we had a minority leader who was actually committed to that. At least that is what I thought. But I have to say I am beginning to wonder if we haven’t gotten a different sort of view of the leadership. Com-ments today do not reflect the com-ments of not so long ago. In 2012, the minority leader said: 
Everything doesn’t have to be a fight. Leg-islation is an art of working together, build-ing consensus, compromise. 
I could have written that. I abso-lutely agree with that principle. That is why I got criticized by folks on my side of the aisle—or the talking heads, anyway, the conservative talking heads—because I wasn’t willing to take a purist position. Now, you fast forward. And the mi-nority leader made this comment when he was not the minority leader. But today this is what we are hearing just within the last month: ‘‘The only way we’re going to work with him’’—that would be President Trump—‘‘is if he moves completely in our direction and abandons his Republican colleagues.’’ Does that sound like bipartisanship? Does that sound like somebody who wants to reach across the aisle and work on immigration reform, criminal justice reform, sentencing reform— things where I believe there is a major-ity of people in this body, as many as 60 or more votes—who would be willing to move legislation? I don’t think so. We have to make sure that people like this are accountable to the Amer-ican people, the so-called real people. I will get to that in a little bit. That is not bipartisanship. That is not leader-ship. That is divisiveness. That is grid-lock. That is the stuff that inspired me to run in 2014. That is the thing I am against, whether it is a Democrat say-ing it or a Republican saying it. I think we can also expect more of what really stems—or what you can infer from the latest position of the mi-nority leader, more gridlock. We will go to the next chart. The sort of a dou-ble standard here, duplicity, really drives me crazy. Situational ethics I will call it or situational principles. On the one hand, you stand firm on some-thing. You fast forward because you didn’t like the outcome of the election, and suddenly you no longer take that same position. People can rationalize it any way they want to, but I think the real peo-ple, the real voters, the folks out there, see this for what it is. It is taking a so- called principled position when that particular position benefits your agen-da, not necessarily something that is bipartisan, something that actually serves a political agenda. The Supreme Court, I think that is what we are going to see here. I have presided. I have been a freshman for 2 years. We get to preside a lot. I get to hear a lot of these floor speeches. I heard endless speeches talking about how we needed to do our job, how we actually—here is another quote from the now minority leader: The Supreme Court handles the people’s business. As President Reagan put it, every day that goes by without a ninth justice is another day the American people’s business is not getting done. 
Now what we are hearing is that same group of people say they are going to use every lever they can to stop us from seating a ninth Supreme Court Justice. What has changed, ex-cept for the fact that you are not happy with the outcome of the elec-tion? So I think we need to recognize that the American people are sick of Democrats and Republicans promising things, but if they don’t get their way in the election outcome, if they are not able to set the agenda, then they are no longer interested in bipartisanship. I have a lot of confidence in this body. I have a lot of confidence in a number of people on the other side of the aisle. I think there is a pent-up de-mand among Members here who want to see results—not perfect, but good. I am going to do everything I can to work with those. I will do an equal amount of time focused on those who I don’t think are acting in the best in-terests of their own constituents. They are not listening to the real people in America, the real people who did not endorse a Republican mandate in No-vember. They said: It is time to stop. It is time to get things done. It is time to treat people with respect on both sides of the aisle. It is time to accept good, and it is time to stop pretending that this body can produce perfect. Now, I have to say I am glad to see my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle are starting to look at the so-called real people. Last week, the Republicans were in Philadelphia. We were at a retreat. At the same time, there was a group of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who were meeting up in West Virginia. There was a Politico article that I thought was particularly interesting. This was a part of the published agenda that was reported by Politico, an agen-da that says they are getting people to-gether. They want to talk about speak-ing to those who feel invisible in rural America, listening to those who feel unheard, and a discussion with Trump voters. There was another entry in the agen-da, I believe, that says talking to real people. I am here to talk to the real people tonight. You have Members in the Senate who want to get things done. We know you are hurting. We know the government has failed you, Democrats and Republicans. We have failed to actually take the tough votes. We have failed to deliver. It is time for us to deliver. I believe we have a President who ex-pects us to reach across the aisle and solve problems. I am going to be a part of solving that problem. We have a great opportunity here with the Su-preme Court nomination. It is time to get past the election results, get over it, and get to work. It is time to recog-nize that the real people, the people who sent a mandate here—but the mandate was not Republican, it wasn’t far right, it wasn’t far left—all they said was produce results. I am going to produce results. I am going to expect my Members to produce results. I am going to go into my conference, when it looks like we are going down the path of taking an intransigent position that does not produce a result, and I am going to call them out. I am also going to hold my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to the same standard. I am going to hope to find folks who want to solve the immigration problem in a respectful, methodical way. I want to work with people on the other side of the aisle who want to solve the criminal justice problem, the sen-tencing reform, the judicial reform bills that are moving through that have, I believe, far more than 60 votes to support it. We have to work on these. We will save the other ones where we simply can’t find common ground, and those will be the arguments that we can have that can influence future elections, but for the next 2 years, let’s get work done. Let’s actually be able to go back to our State and proudly proclaim that we had the courage to stand up to peo-ple on our side of the aisle when get-ting to perfect was at the expense of doing something good. If we do that, we will have one of the most productive legislative sessions. The 115th Congress could go down in history as one of the most productive Congresses in the last 100 years. I want to be a part of that story. I want to go back to North Carolina and be proud of what I did, proud of the compromises, proud of the bipartisan relationships that we did to solve these problems. I am going to go to other States who may be up for reelection in 2018 and ei-ther thank the Members on the other side of the aisle who worked with us for those solutions or campaign against them because they failed to actually look at their constituents and do the right thing. There are a lot of opportunities here. I, for one, am going to spend every waking hour to make sure I do my part, and I can be proud of the work I did to produce results, to answer that mandate by the electorate that came in November to produce results. I have every confidence that there are enough Members here to join us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.049 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S567 February 1, 2017 
With that, we will do great things. We will fulfill the promises we made. There is nothing more rewarding than being able to look your constituents in the eye and say: We did it. We listened to you. We compromised. We treated people with respect. We delivered. I call on all my Members to think again about what they can do to be a part of providing the solutions. I look forward to working with them in this Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I rise to speak on the stream protection rule. One of the first things we learn as kids is that if you make a mess, you are re-sponsible to clean it up. It is good man-ners, but it is also a matter of ethics. It is about doing the right thing. This is the spirit, this is the idea behind the stream protection rule. It simply tells coal companies doing mountaintop mining that they need to clean up their mess if they make a mess. It seems pretty common sense to me. Opponents of this rule argue that this is somehow an unfair burden on coal companies because coal is doing poorly in the emergency markets. Op-ponents seem to want to say that ask-ing companies to be responsible to clean up whatever mess may have been made makes it harder for them to com-pete. The truth is, coal is having a very difficult time in energy markets, but it is not because they are being required to clean up after themselves. It is be-cause other energy resources are be-coming cheaper. Solar is cheaper now than ever. The natural gas revolution is now in competition with coal. It is very difficult to get a new coal-fired powerplant on line. It may be even more difficult to recapitalize an old one. So coal is struggling, but the rea-son is not the stream protection rule. There is another aspect of this, which is, since when is there no cost to doing business? Since when are any compa-nies allowed to come in, pollute, and then walk away without doing any-thing about it? If you hired a con-tractor to work on your house and they left a pile of materials in your kitchen, you wouldn’t say: Well, that is just the cost of doing business. You would say: Clean up the mess. That is part of the job. There is no question that coal mining is a tough business, but it also can sometimes be a messy business. That is a simple fact. If we ignore the pollution that is caused, if we ignore the cost the public bears when toxic substances are dumped without proper treatment or when coal-fired powerplants spew car-bon pollution into the atmosphere, for that matter, we are ignoring the cost of doing business. To be fair, we have to make sure every industry, including the coal in-dustry, plays by the same rules as ev-eryone else. Up until December of last year, some coal companies just were not playing by the same rules. Moun-taintop mining had leaked dirty water and waste into the streams. Research-ers estimate that this has destroyed 2,000 miles of stream in the United States of America. That destruction has a domino effect. It threatens the health of people who depend on those streams for their drinking water, it poisons fish, birds, plants, and it reduces the quality of life for people across the country. That is why the stream protection rule was established. It is there so parents don’t have to worry when their kids go play by the stream or go fishing behind their house. It is there so ranchers don’t have to worry about a nearby mine that could harm their land, and fishermen don’t have to worry if the salmon catch is poisoned or if there are fewer fish because salmon are dying from pollution. This rule is so communities don’t have to worry that their daily lives will be changed because a company is not being responsible and cleaning up after itself. This may surprise some people, but the rule will actually cre-ate jobs. People like to talk about how burdensome regulations are, especially in the environmental space, but the truth is, it will not lead to fewer jobs. The Department of Interior predicted it will actually create hundreds of jobs a year, not take them away. Most of all, it is going to have a real positive impact on the world we live in. Over the next two decades, researchers esti-mated that the stream protection rule would protect or restore 6,000 miles of streams. That is more than the dis-tance between eastern Maine and my home State of Hawaii. So if you care about protecting local water supply, if you care about having a place for your kids to go hiking and fishing, if you care about holding ev-eryone to the same standard, then don’t let this bureaucratic mumbo jumbo get in the way. This rule was created to fix a specific problem, and repealing it could effectively exempt mountaintop coal mining from modern regulation indefinitely. This is a very important point that has to be made about Congressional Review Act votes. We are going to have a slew of them over the next probably 2 or 3 months. Here is the thing about a CRA vote because it gets rather tech-nical. It is not just overturning a regu-lation. The way the law works, is that not only is the regulation overturned but an administration can never touch this issue again. We can’t do anything that is ‘‘substantially similar.’’ So if you want to do something about the stream protection rule, make a law; override the rule that was just made and craft legislation. You have a working majority in both Chambers, work with the bipartisan group. You have four or five Democrats who voted for the CRA. Let’s legislate. What is going to happen when the CRA vote succeeds is we are never going to be able to touch the question of pollution from mountaintop removal again—literally. That is how CRA works. So every time we have a CRA vote, it is not just whether you like the particular rule and want to overturn it, it is whether you never want to touch this subject matter again. That is a rather serious threshold that we have to come through. We are going to do a lot of CRAs. I know everybody on the Republican side is raring to go to sort of undo all the rules that were done under the Obama administration. Fair enough. We un-derstand. You have the Presidency. You have both Chambers. It is cer-tainly your prerogative to take up all of these CRAs, but be careful because you are not going to be able to touch these issues again. You are forfeiting your prerogative to touch these issues again. So for the sake of public health and in order to leave a better world for our kids, we need to keep this rule in place. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I am here to speak in support of the Con-gressional Review Act on the stream protection rule. I want to say to those who partici-pated in the last election—where part of the discussion was the Federal Gov-ernment knows all and needs to be in your life and in your business life every day, and it knows the best one-size- fits-all way—that help is on the way today. A lot of the talk of the election is now going into action in the form of the Congressional Review Act. In particular, the stream protection rule was a last-minute power grab that was aimed at giving more power to the Federal Government. Now, at the onset, I would like to say this: I don’t have any charts. I don’t have any pictures, but then I thought, you know what. Yes, I do. I have a lot of pictures on my device here, which I will not open up because it is against the rules and you will not be able to see anyway. But in these pictures, you will see a picture of me fishing in a beautiful stream in West Virginia, where trout is unlimited. You will see me riding an ATV on a Hatfield-McCoy Trail, which is the old mining trails and the old lumber trails in southern mine country in West Virginia, where thousands of people come every year. You will see me visiting a school or a business park that is built on the top of what is a reclaimed mountaintop re-moval. If you have ever been to West Vir-ginia, they don’t call us the Mountain State for nothing. It is mountain after mountain after mountain, difficult ter-rain, and in some ways it is very dif-ficult to have any kind of economic de-velopment. So when the laws are enforced—the laws that we have now, in terms of water protection and reclamation— after the mining is finished, we have been able to have some economic devel-opment projects that have been to the benefit of many communities there. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.050 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES568 February 1, 2017 
So I have no charts. I live there. This is my home. I can drive 4 miles and be at a coal mine very easily, probably less than that. I heard the argument about outdoor recreation, that people want to have outdoor recreation. I just described three outdoor recreation activities in my State, and the ranking member was talking about how she fished in West Virginia and enjoyed it and had good luck, I hope. Anyway, we have beau-tiful trout streams, but the outdoor re-creator doesn’t want to see a coal mine. I would bet the outdoor recreator doesn’t want to see a nuclear plant, probably doesn’t want to see a wind-mill farm, probably doesn’t want to see a natural gas plant because when you are getting away to recreate, I don’t know that anybody would want that, but I can tell you what they do want. They want the steel that is in their truck to get them there. They want the electricity that they have to have when they go home at night to cook their food or clean their clothes or all the different things that electricity does. There are tradeoffs to everything. Certainly coal has provided the base-load of the industrial revolution for this country, and we still, I think, have a great role to play. There are estimates with this rule. The other thing is, it was said that there were no rules in place until we had this rule. That is absolutely false— absolutely false. This rule was rushed in. It was worked on for 5 years, yes. It had 10 State regulators. Let me go back. The regulation, under the Clean Water Act, is done by the States through the EPA, in conjunction with State and Federal, with the EPA over-seeing what the States are doing to make sure they are meeting the min-imum standards. So there are protections in place, and we welcome those protections. Where we live, where everybody lives, we want that. Can we do better? Abso-lutely, we can do better. We should al-ways strive to do better. This rule has been in the making for 5 years. Ten States came to this table, 10 States which were most heavily im-pacted, to try to help the Department of Interior develop this rule. Our DEP Secretary Randy Huffman says that this proposed version of a stream protection rule—and this is not a Republican-Democrat thing. This is a Democratic Governor’s DEP commis-sioner saying that it was ‘‘an unneces-sary, uncalled for political gesture.’’ He went on to say that ‘‘the combined administrative record developed throughout the history of mining regu-lation under SMCRA is totally devoid of any indication of a need for this rad-ical rewrite of the regulations gov-erning the way coal is mined in Amer-ica.’’ Other States have made comments as well. We had the Ohio Chief of Mineral Resources Management Lanny Erdos testify before our EPW Committee. ‘‘OSM has not provided for meaningful participation with the cooperating or commenting agency States.’’ Basically, these State regulators who were charged with the primacy of put-ting forward the water standards in their States and overseeing mining in their States were basically invited into the party and then put in another room and not listened to. Then, eight of them walked away. That has to tell you, this wasn’t an even playing field and was probably a very insincere ef-fort to include everybody’s opinions. In Wyoming, Todd Parfitt said: ‘‘The failure to engage cooperating agencies throughout this process is reflected in the poor quality of the proposed rule.’’ We have heard a lot about the empa-thetic voices of the job losses: 60,000 miners since 2011, many of them in my State. Many of these men and women who were making $80, $90,000 a year no longer have a job. They are living in communities that are decimated. Our State is $500 million in the hole. We are trying to transition. We are trying to do the right thing, but rules like this that we are about to overturn through the CRA process are such an overreach of authority. The EPA has already gotten slapped down by the Supreme Court for the match rule. They put a stay on the Clean Power Plan. There are definite questions as to the authorities that the past administration has put forward. United Mine Workers of America President Cecil Roberts says: ‘‘We are especially concerned with the long- term negative impact this rule is very likely to have on future longwall coal mining in the United States and associ-ated employment impacts on our min-ers.’’ We have heard about mountaintop re-moval. There is a strong belief that this will impact our underground min-ing as well. That is pretty much—I wish I knew the exact percentage, but I would say well over 70 or 75 percent of the mining and maybe more than that. I hosted Senate committee field hearings centered on energy jobs in Beckley, Logan, and Morgantown. Bo Copley, a coal miner who lost his job, talked about the impact regulatory policies were having on him, his young family, his community, and his former colleagues. We heard about the fact that the health and pension of our miners is in deep trouble. I have been very much on board. Senator M
ANCHIN and I have been working hard—along with Senator P
ORTMAN , Senator B ROWN —with those more affected regions to make sure the health care and pensions of our miners are funded and that those miners know that the benefits that were promised will be there for them and their fami-lies. The promises made will be prom-ises kept, but this downturn in the coal industry heavily affects the ability for the pension funds to be solvent and for the health benefits to be carried on. So there is a direct correlation between the overregulation we have seen and the effects in the health and pension funds. The ranking member on the Energy Committee—and we just had a good conversation. I will paraphrase what she said: Sometimes I think we are sort of talking by one another. And I think maybe she is right in certain respects, and she mentioned the effect of natural gas on the coal industry. Yes, that has had an effect on the coal industry, but this rule that was proposed, rushed in at the last minute by the Department of Interior, would have an even more devastating effect than the combina-tion of regulations to this point, the combination of the natural gas and market conditions. So you ask: Oh, how rushed in was it if it was being worked on for 5 years? Well, they didn’t publish the rule until December 20, 2016, after the elec-tion—the election in which overregula-tion was one of the key factors that was discussed during the election and the effect on economies and businesses and the ability for American workers to continue to work hard and keep their jobs, but Americans rejected the continuation of these policies. So they published the rule on Decem-ber 20, 2016, and then it was made effec-tive January 19, 2017. What is January 19, 2017? It was the day before President Obama left office. There is no irony there at all, I don’t think. I am here to say that Senator MCCONNELL and I have put this for-ward. It is one of the first ones that has come forward in terms of the Congres-sional Review Act. Help is on the way, and the President will sign this. He has said in his Statement of Administra-tion Policy: ‘‘The administration is committed to reviving America’s coal communities, which have been hurting for too long.’’ Again, I can tell you about it. I could probably show you pictures of it. I live there. These are my friends. These are folks I see every day. I see them in the grocery store. And we have seen the ef-fects in our region to the point of six of our counties are in deep, deep depres-sions. So I want to congratulate the House of Representatives for passing this ear-lier today. I want to thank West Vir-ginia Representatives D
AVID MCKIN-
LEY, EVAN JENKINS , and A LEXMOONEY  for voting yes and getting a strong vote. I would like to thank Leader M
CCONNELL for his leadership on this and the 27 other cosponsors of this bill. Lastly, I would like to say, we heard the Senator from Hawaii talk about how this is really going to create jobs. Well, I found an article from the Wall Street Journal on December 20, 2016, and I am going to quote from it. 
Interior’s projections about the economic impact are laughable. OSM reckons the rule would cost a mere 124 coal mining jobs a year— 
Whereas, other estimates are almost as much as one-third of the jobs— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.052 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S569 February 1, 2017 
but instead of visiting operating mines, the wizards at OSM built their estimates on computer models. They even reported a net gain in jobs— 
And I think this is what the Senator from Hawaii was talking about— 
as miners are replaced by workers imple-menting the rule. 
Less mining but more workers—ge-nius. This reminds me a little bit of when we were talking about all of the regu-latory burdens of Dodd-Frank, which I am sure we will be getting into in an-other CRA. I was on the Financial Services Committee over in the House for a long time, and we learned, when Dodd-Frank went into effect, within a year and a half, the largest growing profession was bank auditors. So the government has created jobs for bank auditors to put forward their rules. It sounds a lot like that is what OSM has done with this rule. I would just like to close with this. We are going to move forward with this because it is important to our region. It is important to a lot of working peo-ple. It will not and does not in any form or fashion allow fowling of the water, fowling of our streams. There are protections that are carried forth through our State regulators who came to the table for this rule, who felt they were not being listened to and, over the course of 5 years, all drifted out. I don’t think they were invited back. I am confident this will have an effect of saying: America, you voted to unleash the American economy, to let our regu-lators regulate, to let our clean water statutes move forward in conjunction with State and Federal regulators, to let Americans know that the Federal Government is not going to be reaching into every aspect of your life and it is going to result in losing your job, cre-ating hopelessness, 72 teachers being laid off in my county last month be-cause we have lost people, real estate values going down, and the loss of a valuable resource that leads to the strength and to the viability and to the security because energy security is se-curity for our country, for our whole country. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I rise in opposition to this effort under the Con-gressional Review Act to block imple-mentation of the stream protection rule. CRA offers Congress an important tool, as we know, to consider poten-tially egregious rules that are promul-gated usually at the end of Presidential terms. The stream protection rule, which we are considering this evening, is not one of those. I live in a State—Delaware—whose citizens can be adversely affected by the upstream actions of others and bor-der States whose citizens could be com-promised by the things we do. I take it as a matter of faith that we should treat other people the way we want to be treated. We call that the Golden Rule, and I know that not ev-eryone shares my passion for the Gold-en Rule, even though it appears not just in my faith, those who happen to be Catholic or Protestant, Jewish, Muslim, Hindu, Buddhist—it appears in all faiths, the idea that we ought to treat other people the way we want to be treated. I also believe the Federal Govern-ment should act to protect citizens from the harm of the actions that other citizens would do to them. This stream protection rule is, I believe, one of those actions. I am a native West Virginian. I was born in Beckley, WV, a coal mining town in South Central West Virginia. I understand well the role coal mining has played in supporting families in my native State and communities there for longer than any of us can personally remember. I also know that mining operations have had a devastating impact on the lives of those who have endured com-promised drinking water and destroyed natural habitat, with a loss of the fish and wildlife that define the fabric of my native State and all other States. This rule has been a long time com-ing, as we have heard this evening. In-deed, we are living with rules gov-erning mining conduct that go back, I believe, as far as 30 years. It is time for an upgrade, and I think the rule before us is a sound, responsible, and carefully developed answer to that need. In what is becoming an art form in this country, there are myths—some call them alternative facts—that are swirling around this rule. As ranking member and the senior Democrat on the Environment and Public Works Committee, I want to address a couple of them. Some would attack this rule’s provi-sions as redundant and inconsistent with State obligations under the Clean Water Act. I am also a former Gov-ernor and am keenly aware of the prob-lems of inefficient governance and avoided at all costs conflicts between State agencies. It wasn’t always easy, but we didn’t need Federal actions to compound those frictions. I am happy to say that the drafters of this rule heard those concerns, and this rule pro-motes collaboration and coordination between mining and environmental agencies and clarifies their roles, pre-serving their authorities under the sur-face mining and clean water laws. Both the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers concurred with the final rules, and in doing so, EPA said: ‘‘We have concluded that nothing in the Stream Protection Rule is inconsistent with the provisions of the Clean Water Act and that the final rule does not in-hibit the EPA’s Clean Water Act au-thority to require that surface mining activities comply with all applicable provisions of the Clean Water Act, par-ticularly those provisions related to water quality.’’ The EPA goes on to say: ‘‘The final Stream Protection Rule incorporates measures to limit duplication and avoid inconsistency in the implementa-tion of Surface Mining and Reclama-tion Act and Clean Water Act pro-grams, while supporting complemen-tary, comprehensive, and effective en-vironmental reviews of proposed sur-face coal mining operations.’’ Some would say that the stream pro-tection rule allows the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to veto Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act permits. That is not true. It is true that section 7 of the Endangered Species Act does require the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement of the Department of the Interior to consult with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service if any action ‘‘may affect’’ listed ter-restrial and freshwater species. The stream protection rule allows permit applicants and regulatory au-thorities to achieve ESA compliance in a variety of ways but does not provide the Fish and Wildlife Service any veto authority over permits. Indeed, this past year, the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement and the Fish and Wildlife Service completed consultation under the Endangered Species Act, resulting in what is known as the 2016 Biological Opinion. This new Biological Opinion smooths the way for more efficient Endangered Species Act compliance, while pro-viding important protections to indus-try and State regulators regarding pos-sible impacts of mining operations on protected species. I think it is important to note that if we kill this rule, that protection for in-dustry and State regulators will go away. Let me repeat that. I think it is important to note that if we kill this rule, that protection for industry and State regulators will go away, and those players will have to resort to a more cumbersome case-by-case review under the Endangered Species Act for all activities that might affect pro-tected species. That would be a shame for a struggling industry. For those and a host of other reasons my colleagues will offer today, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this resolution. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Georgia. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, during the Presidential campaign last year, President Donald J. Trump promised the American people he would nomi-nate an unwavering supporter of the U.S. Constitution to the Supreme Court. He has now kept that promise. I personally applaud the President for nominating Judge Neil Gorsuch to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court. He is an outstanding choice. Throughout his career, Judge Gorsuch has been a stal-wart, standing strong in support of the U.S. Constitution. He has repeatedly shown his commitment to our coun-try’s founding principles of economic opportunity, fiscal responsibility, lim-ited government, and individual lib-erty. These principles have served to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.053 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES570 February 1, 2017 
make our Nation exceptional through-out our history. Each branch of govern-ment has the shared charge of pre-serving and protecting those rights for all Americans. Judge Gorsuch has had a remarkable career in both the public and private sectors and has dem-onstrated a keen understanding and ap-preciation of the law. He has an outstanding academic record. He is an outsider to the polit-ical nonsense here in this town. He has an impeccable judicial record, and he is actually called a ‘‘judge’s judge’’ in the Scalia mold. He is a mainstream judge. Actually, when he was confirmed in his current position, he was confirmed by 11 Democrats who are still in this body today, including Senators L
EE, F
EINSTEIN , S CHUMER , and D URBIN . Clearly, Judge Gorsuch will honor the formidable and impressive legacy of de-fending the Constitution left by Jus-tice Scalia. Throughout last year, I and other Members in the Senate held our ground in saying that no nominee to the Su-preme Court should be confirmed until after the Presidential election. We be-lieved the American people deserved a voice in the process. We also knew that the hyper-partisanship and politics of a Presidential election cycle should never have any place in the nomination and confirmation of a Supreme Court Justice, which we all know is a lifetime appointment. The integrity of the ad-vice and consent process, clearly spelled out in Article II, Section 2 of the Constitution, was at stake. In pro-tecting the integrity of the sacred con-stitutional process, we did our job. Our position was exactly the same, ironically, as held by former Vice President Biden, former Minority Leader Harry Reid, and others in ear-lier times and earlier debates. Now that President Trump has an-nounced his nomination, it is time to continue doing our job. I hope the mi-nority leader and Members of the mi-nority party will walk away from the hypocrisy they are already dem-onstrating this year. Last June, the current minority lead-er tweeted: ‘‘In order for justice to re-main a pillar of this nation, we must have a functioning judicial branch. The [Supreme Court of the United States] must have nine [sitting Justices].’’ Later that same month, the minority leader said before the U.S. Senate: ‘‘Every day that goes by without a ninth Justice is another day the Amer-ican people’s business is not getting done.’’ So why would the current mi-nority leader and some of the Demo-crats in this body now say they will fil-ibuster any nominee to the Supreme Court before even knowing who would be nominated? The minority leader railed on the Senate floor. Yet last month he went on CNN and said: ‘‘We absolutely would keep the seat open . . . we will fight it tooth and nail, as long as we have to.’’ Again, this was before a nominee was even announced. The political theater of 2016 has no place in the confirmation process this year. Now is the time to govern, not to engage in the far-off political theater of 2018 and 2020. As we move forward in this process, I hope the minority leader and my colleagues across the aisle will remember that. I hope they will put the integrity of the Constitution before the scope of their political ambition and their bitterness about last year’s election outcome. I would remind my colleagues across the aisle that Republicans put aside po-litical theater to confirm two Justices to the Supreme Court under both President Obama and President Clin-ton. Now President Trump has nomi-nated Neil Gorsuch, who is a principled judge who will put the Constitution of the United States and the rights of all Americans at the forefront of any deci-sion he takes. Judge Gorsuch’s record of service and his commitment to the Constitution is quite clear. I am look-ing forward to voting to confirm his nomination and to ensure that we have a fully functioning High Court. I strongly urge my colleagues across the aisle to put aside their partisan self-interest and do what is right for our country. Our children and our chil-dren’s children deserve nothing less. 
TRAVEL BAN  
Mr. President, I also would like to speak momentarily to the President’s recent Executive order to strengthen our refugee screening process that he thinks will protect America, and I agree with him. The minority leader’s tear-jerking performance over the past weekend be-longs at the Screen Actors Guild awards, not in a serious discussion of what it takes to keep America safe. Folks back home are fed up with Mem-bers of this body stirring up global hysteria to score political points. Let’s be clear. This temporary action is not a so-called Muslim ban, and no Muslim ban has been put into place. As a matter of fact, the five countries most heavily populated with Muslims around the world were not included in this temporary pause on movement. In fact, almost 90 percent of the world’s Muslim population is not even re-motely affected by this temporary pause. The seven countries that were in-cluded in President Trump’s Executive order—Iraq, Iran, Syria, Libya, Soma-lia, Sudan, and Yemen—were included for specific reasons. Each of these na-tions was previously identified by President Obama as posing national se-curity threats to the United States. This is not a target at any religion; it is simply a temporary pause in the movement of individuals from nations of concern in order to assess whether our current screening system is in the best possible shape to protect Ameri-cans. I am apoplectic that Members of the minority party and the former President of the United States would actually say or imply otherwise. Their comments encouraging civil unrest and disobedience are both deplorable and unacceptable. The failed foreign policy of President Obama in Syria and the broader Middle East has made the world more dan-gerous than at any time in my lifetime and has helped to create the current refugee crisis around the world. We are at war with ISIS, and we know they have identified and targeted our ref-ugee system as a point of weakness. They have already exploited the ref-ugee systems of nations in Europe, car-rying out terrorist attacks and killing innocent people. It would be malfeasance for our President not to take action and imme-diately review our current screening process to ensure we are helping those in need and keeping terrorists out. This temporary pause will allow us to assess our current screening process and strengthen it as needed. Moving forward, the implementation of this temporary pause must be efficient and effective. During this screening review period, we should avoid overreacting to the re-sponsible steps that have been taken to prioritize the protection of all Ameri-cans. It is totally irresponsible and ri-diculous for the minority leader, Mem-bers of this body, the former President, President Obama, and others to sug-gest that it is anything other than a rational, responsible step to keep America safe and deal with the ISIS threat once and for all. I yield my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I know my colleague from Oregon is around somewhere and wanted to speak on this rule, and when he shows up on the floor, we will certainly give him the time to do so. I want to make a couple of points while we are waiting for him. First, in this discussion here with my colleagues, there is some discussion and I guess the start of what will be a continuing theme that somehow, if you get rid of regulations, we are going to restore competitiveness to the U.S. economy. Nothing could be further from the truth. If you ask businesses what we need to do to be competitive as a country, they will say: Make sure we have a great education system. Make sure we invest in R&D. Let’s develop new technology. If we look at where businesses are lo-cating, they want to locate in beau-tiful, pristine places because they know that is where their employees will want to locate. So, first of all, that somehow the government is going to restore the economy by deregulating and letting polluters pollute is just not correct. It is not what America wants. What people want is to have safe drink-ing water, and they want an outdoor economy that is supported by having a great environment. So I want to say a couple of other things. Obviously, this rule that we are talking about and that has been devel-oped over a long period of time is an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.055 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S571 February 1, 2017 
improvement over the 1983 rule because it gives us a better idea on the pollu-tion that is happening. Now, if people don’t want to know that information, I guess that is OK. The court, counter to what my colleague from West Virginia said, did not say that it was suspending the rule. It said that it was still in ef-fect, that the pollution had to be cleaned up. It said: Come back and look at the economic impact. But somehow, some are saying that the Supreme Court decision on the MATS rule gave EPA and others a get-out-of-jail-free card; you don’t have to look at pollut-ants. They have to look at pollutants. So what is this issue about? It is about clean water. Mr. President, I wish to enter into the R
ECORD a couple of articles that I have seen from constituents. My col-league from West Virginia mentioned a few people. These are the real people in America who want this. One of them is a gentleman named Ben Kurtz, who happens to be from Grand Junction, CO. This is what he says: 
It’s often said that drag is a fly fisher-man’s greatest enemy. The truth, however, is that a wet fly or heavy drag is irrelevant if you don’t have clean water to fish. Our lakes, rivers, streams and the fish that in-habit them are all extremely sensitive to pollution. And right now, many of these streams all across our country are being threatened by dirty groundwater stemming from coal mines. Despite this, it’s been nearly a decade since the Department of Interior has updated its Stream Protection Rule—an inadequate, Reagan-era regulation governing impacts to waterways from coal mining which was weakened even further under the Bush ad-ministration. For the last six years, DOI has been en-gaged in the process of updating and gath-ering input on the rule, with the ultimate goal of revising it to make it more effective, in line with the challenges our waters face today as well as the law Congress passed in the 1970s to create it. While it has been a long time coming, that process now appears to be coming to a close. Once finalized, the revised rule would es-tablish common-sense new protections that would safeguard the health of our water-ways, and by extension, the communities that are impacted by them. For example, the rule would strengthen baseline requirements for water quality testing to ensure that coal mining operations are not polluting streams in a manner similar to that of the old hardrock mines throughout the West. In addition, the revised standards would require coal mines to develop a plan for how to protect fish and wildlife while also put-ting in place measures that will reduce im-pacts on habitats and improve reclamation of mines that have shuttered. 
I mentioned earlier as a side note to this letter that we have 250 such mines in our State. 
These proposed changes are just common sense: The rule is low-cost (independent ana-lysts have calculated that the safeguards would cost between 1 and 60 cents per ton of coal that’s mined) and while the revisions are expected to result in cleaner waters and improved public health, its impact on jobs will be slim to none. Still, the issuing of a strong final Stream Protection Rule is not a foregone conclusion, as the coal industry is intent on maintaining the status quo. Were that to transpire it would mean streams that are at greater risk of being polluted with coal mine waste and runoff. Taking all of this into account, it’s clear that whether you’re a fly fisherman or not, the revised rule is something we should all support. Cleaner waters not only mean bet-ter fishing but cleaner and healthier commu-nities too. Speaking on behalf of my fellow fly fisher-men, I applaud the Department of the Inte-rior for its ongoing efforts to enact sensible safeguards that protect the federal lands we all support and enjoy. It’s time for DOI to push the Stream Protection Rule update across the finish line so we fishermen— Obviously, this letter was written be-fore that— 
can go back to worrying about the little things—like what color fly to cast—rather than fretting over groundwater pollution that threatens our vibrant ecosystems and jeopardizes our health. 
Well, I think Mr. Kurtz said it the best. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that this article be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
PROTECTION FOR OURRIVERS AND STREAMS IS L
ONGOVERDUE  (By Ben Kurtz) It’s often said that drag is a fly fisher-man’s greatest enemy. The truth, however, is that a wet fly or heavy drag is irrelevant if you don’t have clean water to fish. Our lakes, rivers, streams and the fish that in-habit them are all extremely sensitive to pollution. And right now, many of these streams all across the country are being threatened by dirty groundwater stemming from coal mines. Despite this, it’s been nearly a decade since the Department of Interior has updated its Stream Protection Rule—an inadequate, Reagan-era regulation governing impacts to waterways from coal mining which was weakened even further under the Bush ad-ministration. For the last six years, DOT has been en-gaged in the process of updating and gath-ering input on the rule, with the ultimate goal of revising it to make it more effective, in line with the challenges our waters face today as well as the law Congress passed in the 1970s to create it. While it has been a long time coming, that process now appears to be coming to a close. Once finalized, the revised rule would es-tablish common-sense new protections that would safeguard the health of our water-ways, and by extension, the communities that are impacted by them. For example, the rule would strengthen baseline requirements for water quality testing to ensure that coal mining operations are not polluting streams in a manner similar to that of the old hardrock mines throughout the West. In addition, the revised standards would require coal mines to develop a plan for how to protect fish and wildlife while also put-ting in place measures that will reduce im-pacts on habitats and improve reclamation of mines that have shuttered. These proposed changes are just common sense: The rule is low-cost (independent ana-lysts have calculated that the safeguards would cost between 1 and 60 cents per ton of coal that’s mined) and while the revisions are expected to result in cleaner waters and improved public health, its impact on jobs will be slim to none. Still, the issuing of a strong final Stream Protection Rule is not a foregone conclusion, as the coal industry is intent on maintaining the status quo. Were that to transpire it would mean streams that are at greater risk of being polluted with coal mine waste and runoff. Taking all of this into account, it’s clear that whether you’re a fly fisherman or not, the revised rule is something we should all support. Cleaner waters not only mean bet-ter fishing but cleaner and healthier commu-nities too. Speaking on behalf of my fellow fly fisher-men, I applaud the Department of Interior for its ongoing efforts to enact sensible safe-guards that protect the federal lands we all support and enjoy. It’s time for DOT to push the Stream Protection Rule update across the finish line so we fisherman can go back to worrying about the little things—like what color fly to cast—rather than fretting over groundwater pollution that threatens our vibrant ecosystems and jeopardizes our health. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I can read others, but these are the people who are concerned about this rule. These are the individuals who want to know whether we are going to do our job and to say that polluters must pay. I believe that if we have the technology and the rules to do that, why would miners object? Why would the mining industry object to having the correct information? I will read another letter from a Montana rancher this time. 
As a long-time rancher of north of Billings, water supply has been a 70-year-old struggle for my ranch. The coal industry has posted a threat to my water supply since the 1970s, and more recently increased mining, spurred by fast-growing markets and the export to Asia, which has sparked water damage across the West. The limited water we are talking about in the West makes it doubly valuable and in need of protection. As the saying goes: ‘‘Whiskey is for drinking and water is for fighting.’’ So it is absolutely es-sential that we protect the water we have, and sometimes that means a stronger rule from the Federal Government. Most cattle ranchers in the Bull Mountains where I live rely on a combination of wells and natural springs to water our livestock. And like other nearby operations, my ranch is currently being literally undermined by coal mines using massive and destructive long wall machines that make it difficult for efficient mining because of surface disrup-tions, impairing coal aquifers, subsiding re-charge areas, and they pull surface streams underground. I can think of no industry that degrades water in such a reckless and cava-lier way as the coal industry. From acid mine drainage and thousands of mines’ bur-ied headwaters across Appalachia, to eating streams on the prairie that are destroying wells and springs in Montana’s Bull Moun-tain. While Montana surface mining laws re-quire reclamation of the area over long mines, reclamation is a slow and uncertain process, and water in the existing mines in Montana has not been reclaimed, according to the bond-released statistics. These pro-posals for mining are to be included along these rivers and even moving along tribu-taries, to get it out of the way of coal min-ing. In Wyoming, Angelo Creek is slowly being eaten by a coal mine. With all of it as a backdrop, I am happy to see the proposal by the Department of the Interior to update this regulation put in place over 30 years ago. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.058 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES572 February 1, 2017 
So the proposed Stream Protection Rule would safeguard communities from destruc-tive coal mining practices and keep pace with our current science and modern mining practices. These new rules would minimize impacts to surface and groundwater such as springs on my property by requiring compa-nies to avoid mining practices that perma-nently pollute and diminish streams, requir-ing coal companies to test and monitor the conditions of streams that their mining might impact before and during and after op-erations. The proposed rule would also require com-panies to restore streams and other waters that they were using and that were capable of supporting, like in the ranching area, prior to the mining activities. The Depart-ment of the Interior could also improve parts of the stream protection rule by providing technical assistance. It is very well to have good standards and test these out in rules, but if they are poorly implemented on the ground and over time, the results will be like no rule. So the Inte-rior Department’s work to update and mod-ernize these decade-old rules and regulations is absolutely essential if we are going to keep a bad situation from getting worse. Clean water in the West is too precious to let coal companies pollute it or diminish it. 
This happens to be from a woman named Ellen Pfister who has a cattle ranch in the Bull Mountains area of Shepherd, MT. So these are just two examples of people who really want to see us do something. Why? Because clean water is so important to them. It is so impor-tant to the outdoor economy, and it is important to this particular rancher who wants to make sure that clean water is an aspect of their farming. There are a couple of other points I wanted to make about the rule and this notion that somehow overregulation has destroyed the pension program. It is so amazing that here in the Senate, somebody thinks that overregulation could blow that big of a hole into the pension program. The pension program had a more than 23-percent drop in the implosion of the economy in 2008 and 2009. So that kind of hole was there be-fore this process. It is sad that now miners who are going to reach a retire-ment age won’t have a pension to re-tire on. I think it is appalling that we bailed out Wall Street and we don’t want to help with a pension program that basically took a major hit during the downturn. What are we saying to people? We don’t care about those pen-sions, but we will turn over the keys to the Treasury to someone else? So the notion that, somehow, stand-ing up for clean water is equated with the pension program is just not true. We support those workers. We will do anything to help them from all aspects of that picture, including giving them a pension and making sure they have health care and retirement. We have had that discussion, and many of my colleagues had that discussion here late into the night just at the end of last year. I am sure that we are wait-ing for a response from Leader M
CCON-
NELL as to when he is going to put that kind of legislation on the Senate floor. But, unfortunately, what we have in-stead is a rule trying to hold back making sure that we have safe drink-ing water, safe fishing water, and an outdoor economy that can count on these things. I thank my colleague from Hawaii for being here earlier and talking about this issue, as well as my colleague who is the ranking member from the EPW committee, Senator CARPER from Dela-ware, making an eloquent statement and talking about the West Virginia economy, as he is a native of West Vir-ginia, and now my colleague from Or-egon, who is also addressing this issue. I appreciate their coming to the floor tonight and being part of this discus-sion. This is so important to all of us and really to all of our country. I think making sure that people understand how important clean water is to var-ious aspects is so important. So I thank my colleague from Oregon. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ap-preciate the comments just delivered by my colleague from Washington State. Our two States are roughly the same size. They have similar amounts of coastline. We have citizens who share a lot of perspective on the coun-try and that may be apparent in the comments I am about to make. Mr. President, from our earliest days, long before the Founding Fathers gath-ered in Philadelphia to declare that 13 disparate colonies were united and ‘‘ab-solved from all allegiance to the Brit-ish Crown’’ and long before they sought to ‘‘form a more perfect Union,’’ our streams, our rivers, and our lakes have been the economic lifeblood of our Na-tion. They have supported commerce and trade, fishing and agriculture. They have facilitated the ability to travel the vastness of this continent. They have sustained our growing com-munities and served as critical re-sources for public health. It is no wonder, then, that genera-tions of Americans have worked incred-ibly hard to protect these natural re-sources to keep them clean and safe. That is why here, in the Senate and in the House, in 1972, we passed the Clean Water Act that formed the foundation for our Nation’s water regulations. It is why, 2 years later, the House and Sen-ate developed and passed the Safe Drinking Water Act, to make sure that public drinking water supplies are safe throughout the Nation. I recall the impact of these acts in my home State of Oregon. The Klam-ath River was considered extraor-dinarily polluted. You could boat down it and see pipes dumping into it at reg-ular intervals. Then, over time, as the State worked hard to identify those pipes, remove those pipes, and make sure that all pollution went through water treatment, the river got better. It got healthier. Now, it is not without its problems. Its problems still exist. There is still nonpoint pollution that affects life in the stream. But it is a far more beau-tiful and far healthier river than it was before we passed the Clean Water Act. We have proceeded to be fairly fierce about our enforcement. We have pros-ecuted polluters who have bypassed the law and dumped the results of their processes directly into our streams and our waterways. We have worked to pro-tect wetlands, and we have worked to protect estuaries, understanding more and more about the role these various bodies of water play in our economy and play in our natural system and making sure they can continue to play that role so that we have a sustainable environment, one that is not at war with our economy. We have made the two work very well together, and we have accom-plished all this through the debate and dialogue that we have had in the Sen-ate and in the House and that the ex-perts have brought to bear in our com-mittee hearing rooms. We have accom-plished it through the testimony of concerned citizens across the Nation who have identified one particular problem or another problem and have brought those challenges to us here in this body, and we have worked to ad-dress them. If you have ever visited a nation that didn’t have this kind of process and seen the intense, incredible pollution of its waterways, then you know what a difference it makes to have this public process. I invite you to visit China and see what happens when there is no public process for taking into account and rectifying the chal-lenges when industrial waste is simply dumped into our waterways. We take a lot of pride in protecting our streams, our rivers, and our lakes. That process has continued over these past years at the Department of the In-terior, where the Office of Surface Min-ing Reclamation and Enforcement was working on the stream protection rule. I am going to show a picture to give some scale to the type of mining that the Department of the Interior, Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement was trying to address. We see here the little tiny tractor. This is actually a massive tractor dwarfed by the scale of this massive mine. Indeed, in many cases, the entire top of the mountain is blown off to get at the coal seams underneath. In the process, a tremendous amount of rock debris is created and a tremendous amount of fracturing that can lead to water that moves through the water table eventu-ally finds its way into streams. The goal has been to find a way that this type of mining can be done in re-spectful balance with the streams that are further down the mountainside. That is the challenge, and it wasn’t easy to address. That is why this rule has been under development for 7 years, from 2009 right up through De-cember of 2016—virtually the entire length of the Obama administration. During this period of consideration, there have been multiple reiterations of what the rule could look like and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.059 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S573 February 1, 2017 
what actually works in the real world, with stakeholder after stakeholder after stakeholder saying: This is what you have to do to make it work. The goal was that this type of mining would be done, but not in a fashion which would destroy the streams. That is why it took so much hard work to do this. There were hundreds of hours of meetings, responses to over 114,000 comments on the rule. But here we are in the evening, with little attention being paid by the vast bulk of Senators spending just a couple hours and plan-ning to undo this work. Under the Senate rules under the Congressional Review Act, we have just 10 hours of debate. Some of that can be yielded back by one side or the other, so maybe it will only be a few hours of debate. In those few hours, we hold in our hands the fate of the streams downstream from this mining. This is the premise: Will they conduct this mining in a fashion and followup with restoration to protect the streams that will otherwise be devastatingly im-pacted? I am going to say yes. Let’s take to heart the 100,000-plus hours of work or the 114,000 comments and the mul-titude of meetings over 6 years, the work of professionals who talked to every stakeholder. Let’s take to heart their work and not undo it in just an hour or two here on the floor. The Senate works in a way now that, even with something that has such a profound impact, Senators aren’t here listening to each other; thus, we are not sharing our thoughts back and forth the way the old Senate used to debate. It is almost in silence that we are undoing or potentially undoing all of this work. Shouldn’t we be cele-brating that so many folks came to-gether to craft a strategy that would not cause this type of mining to de-stroy the down-mountain streams? Let me show an example of what a down-mountain stream looks like. This is a stream that probably ran blue not too long ago. It now runs orange. It is full of toxic metals and who knows what. I rather doubt that any Member of the Senate would volunteer to go and take a cup of water from this stream and drink it. We can just look at it and know it is deadly. So we are trying to keep in place a rule carefully crafted so this stream— which not so long ago ran blue or ran turquoise or deep green because it was a natural stream without this dev-astating pollution—will stay in that natural state. That is the goal. That is the point of this rule. I want to be very clear that the stream protection rule is designed to enable mining and stream sustain-ability to go hand-in-hand. Coal mining is changing in America. It has adopted a number of practices that have made it safer. Machinery has also gotten big-ger in ways that mean far fewer people are employed in it. It is also changing because the economies of the energy market are changing. We see that nat-ural gas prices have dropped so low that many utilities are shutting down their coal plants and they are opening up natural gas plants or they are in-vesting in wind or solar renewables. But we need to recognize that for 150 years coal mining families have worked incredibly hard, at great per-sonal risk to their health, to put meals on their tables and to provide power to our Nation. So let’s have this conversa-tion about protecting our streams with a full respect for the mining economy and the families that have put their lives at stake and worked to put food on the table. There is no reason we can’t do what we have done in so many other parts of our economy to make the industrial process or the manufacturing process or the mining process be one that works in harmony with our environ-ment, instead of at odds with the envi-ronment. That is the goal of the stream protection rule. It updates our 30-year-old coal mining regulations to better reflect the industry as it is today, in 2017. The fact is, we know a great deal more about the impacts of various coal mining processes on both the people and communities and environment— much more now than we did when most of the regulations were put together decades ago. We know that when we use explosives to blast the summit of a mountain as is done in mountaintop re-moval, everything gets blasted up into the air and pushed down into the val-leys where it ends up in rivers and streams. What is the result of that? If that newly blasted rock doesn’t block the flow of the river and streams en-tirely, it is still in constant contact with them, leaching out pollutants into the water, and those pollutants in-clude things like heavy metals and other toxics that pose enormous threats to the region’s fish and to the plants and to the animals and, yes, even to the people who live down-stream. There are pollutants like sele-nium, a metalloid that is toxic to fish even at a very low level, causing de-formities, causing reproductive fail-ures, causing death. One way to tell the health of a stream is that it has life in it, but I doubt anyone would come out and say: Last year, I fished here when this was a blue-green stream, but this year I am not because with one glance at this stream, you know all the fish are dead. There are other pollutants like cad-mium, a pollutant that is not safe at any level and has been tied to cancer in humans. So as cadmium goes down into water, flows into the streams and cities and small towns further down, it adds to the health risks of the folks living in the areas. Waste dumps called valley fills are left in place even when the mining is completed and the company moves on. We know that the rubble from moun-taintop mining is impacting our streams and waterways because we have measured it. According to the En-vironmental Protection Agency’s sta-tistics, valley fills from mountaintop removal are responsible for burying 2,000 miles of vital Appalachian head-water streams. Now, 2,000 miles is a lot of streams. Picture 2,000 miles of a blue-green stream reduced not just to a toxic red stream but to no stream at all because it has been completely cov-ered and eliminated. That is a lot of fishing holes that are gone forever. In addition to that, we know the fish populations downstream have been re-duced by two-thirds from the places where mountaintop removal is occur-ring. We know that communities nearby are contending with contaminated drinking water and that babies are being born with higher rates of birth defects. I think about the birth of my two children. Like every parent, we pray and hope that the child is going to be born free of birth defects. So this rule is about something very close to our hearts. For some, it is the beauty of natural streams. For some, it is the opportunity to fish and see won-derful natural places. But for others, it comes straight to the question of whether their children are going to be born with birth defects. At the other end of life, we see downstream elevated levels of lung cancer, elevated levels of heart disease, elevated levels of kidney disease, elevated levels of hyper-tension. So I ask: Is it right that here, in the dark of night, with just a few hours of discussion and virtually no one here in the Senate Chamber, we are going to undo 7 years of work designed to re-duce birth defects, reduce lung cancer, reduce heart disease, reduce kidney disease, reduce hypertension, reduce contaminated drinking water? In just a few short hours, we will be making a decision that will result in an impact on thousands of people, as well as thousands of miles of streams. The stream protection rule is pretty straightforward in its design. I will give a few details about what it is in-tended to do. One is that it improves construction standards for waste piles. What is a waste pile? Well, it is pretty much what it sounds like. It is a pile built from accumulated rock waste that is removed when you do mountaintop mining. Why do we need to improve their construction? Because these piles grow to enormous size. They can in-volve millions and millions of tons of rock and debris. Over time, erosion in the soil around them can create dan-gerous, unstable slopes that can even-tually produce landslides. So how you design it matters. These coal piles can have high levels of coal dust or hydro-carbons. And then there is the acid rock drainage. As water comes down in rain and it percolates down through these, it ends up seeping out into the groundwater or into the stream and poisoning the groundwater or poi-soning the stream. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.060 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES574 February 1, 2017 
That is why it matters how you have a construction standard for a waste pile. Isn’t it smart to have such a standard in place and one that has been developed over hundreds of meetings over 6 years so that mining is much more compatible with clean streams and healthy people? Another thing this rule does is it en-hances restoration by strengthening bonding requirements. It is not un-known, unfortunately, that coal min-ers would just abandon the mine once their operations were finished, leaving all sorts of undone business that adds to the enormous contamination that even a small amount of mining can do. In 1977, Congress passed a law saying that miners needed to restore the land after their mining operation was com-pleted and that they needed to provide a bond up front to pay for the cleanup cost just in case the company decided it didn’t want to follow through on the cleanup after it completed extracting the coal. Strengthening that and mak-ing sure the bonding process actually works right, that the bond is actually there to do the cleanup, makes a lot of sense. Years ago, I was immersed in first de-veloping housing with Habitat for Hu-manity and then building affordable multiplexes for a nonprofit, Human So-lutions. Companies that were being paid to do their work had a construc-tion bond. The bond made sure that if the company somehow disappeared in the middle of the night, the work was going to get done. That bond was very important to the nonprofit, that what they were investing in—the payments they made were actually going to re-sult in what was contracted to be deliv-ered. That is the same thing here. A company that comes in and says: We got permission to mine—it is saying to the public, with a good bonding sys-tem, yes, you can be confident that the cleanup work will be done. That needed to be strengthened because often it is not done. That is another piece of this puzzle. Then there is another piece that is related to coal slurry and reducing the odds of coal slurry causing a lot of damage. Coal slurry is liquid waste generated when mined coal is washed off. You have a lot of water that is thickened with debris from washing the coal, and it can be held in a basin, but if the walls of that basin fail and that coal slurry gets into the streams, it does massive damage. That transpired in Martin County, KY, 16 years ago. An estimated 306 mil-lion gallons of slurry spilled into two tributaries of the Tug Fork River. How much is 306 million gallons? It is a lot of swimming pools, almost more than you can imagine. Another way to look at it is it is 30 times larger than the Exxon Valdez oilspill, one of the worst environmental disasters ever. There it is. It was a big, massive pond that spilled into the forests and into the rivers in that situation in Martin County. Overnight, one of the tributaries, the Coldwater Fork, a 10- foot-wide stream, became 100 yards of slurry. In some places, the spill was over 5 feet deep. It spread out and cov-ered people’s yards on the banks. Hun-dreds of miles of the Big Sandy River were polluted as a result as the stuff washed down the stream. The Ohio River was polluted. The water supply for 27,000 people was contaminated. It is not that it has just happened once; it has happened other times. It happened in Buffalo Creek Hollow, WV, in 1972. In that case, it was 132 million gallons of slurry. That is about a third of the size of the other spills, so I guess you could say that instead of being 30 times Exxon Valdez, it was only 10 times Exxon Valdez. But it did a lot of damage. It created a wave going down-stream that was 30 feet high. Can you imagine how much material is required to create a wave of—a flash flood of coal slurry 30 feet high? This didn’t happen away from human civilization; this wave of coal slurry killed 125 peo-ple. This wave of toxic coal slurry hit and injured over 1,000 more people— 1,121 more people. It left 4,000 people homeless, wiped out their homes and their towns. That is the type of damage that can occur, so why not have a rule that has looked at how these ponds are created and said, here is a standard so that the pond is not overloaded or overtopped or the wall does not collapse and cause a tidal wave that will kill more than 100 people or injure more than 1,000 or leave 4,000 people homeless. Having a standard is the logical thing to do. It helps the companies because then they know exactly what they need to do to make that pond safe. Those are some examples of what is in this rule. I think it is important to understand another factor. This rule requires care-ful mapping before the mining is done so that the restoration process can be held accountable to restore the con-tours that existed previously, or as close as you can get. Without an under-standing of what the land looked like beforehand, it is hard to say what it should look like when it is restored. Those are commonsense measures. That is it. Common sense. Common standards for safety, for protection of the streams and the wildlife and the people. Isn’t that what we should be all about? Shouldn’t we not be undoing that, as we will be in a couple of hours, in a deserted Senate Chamber in the middle of the night? That is wrong. If you want to change these stand-ards—and I say this to my colleagues, and I know many do care a great deal about the environment—then have the courage to do it in daylight. Have the courage to do it in a committee. Have the courage to invite the public in to testify. But here we are tonight, hiding from the population across America, undoing this important work for the safety of our people. That is wrong. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
COTT). The Senator from Rhode Is-land. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, it is my understanding that the Senator will take us through the closing script, and as a part of that, I will be recog-nized in the order to make my re-marks. With that understanding, I yield the floor. What if I suggest that I begin my re-marks, that you give me the high sign whenever the closing script is pre-pared—it is. Never mind. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is the high sign. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. The high sign has been received. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the votes on the motion to proceed to legislative ses-sion and the motion to procced to a joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the In-terior known as the Stream Protection Rule, H.J. Res. 38. On vote No. 41, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on the motion to proceed to legislative session. On vote No. 42, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on the motion to proceed to H.J. Res. 38. 
f 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, NUTRITION, AND FORESTRY 
RULES OF PROCEDURE Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry has adopted rules gov-erning its procedures for the 115th Con-gress. Pursuant to rule XXVI, para-graph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, on behalf of myself and Sen-ator S
TABENOW , I ask unanimous con-sent that a copy of the committee rules be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON AGRI-CULTURE, NUTRITION, AND FORESTRY 115th Congress 
RULE I —MEETINGS  1.1 Regular Meetings.—Regular meetings shall be held on the first and third Wednes-day of each month when Congress is in ses-sion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.062 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S575 February 1, 2017 
1.2 Additional Meetings.—The Chairman, in consultation with the ranking minority member, may call such additional meetings as he deems necessary. 1.3 Notification.—In the case of any meet-ing of the committee, other than a regularly scheduled meeting, the clerk of the com-mittee shall notify every member of the committee of the time and place of the meet-ing and shall give reasonable notice which, except in extraordinary circumstances, shall be at least 24 hours in advance of any meet-ing held in Washington, DC, and at least 48 hours in the case of any meeting held outside Washington, DC. 1.4 Called Meeting.—If three members of the committee have made a request in writ-ing to the Chairman to call a meeting of the committee, and the Chairman fails to call such a meeting within 7 calendar days there-after, including the day on which the written notice is submitted, a majority of the mem-bers may call a meeting by filing a written notice with the clerk of the committee who shall promptly notify each member of the committee in writing of the date and time of the meeting. 1.5 Adjournment of Meetings.—The Chair-man of the committee or a subcommittee shall be empowered to adjourn any meeting of the committee or a subcommittee if a quorum is not present within 15 minutes of the time scheduled for such meeting. 
RULE 2 —MEETINGS AND HEARINGS IN GENERAL  2.1 Open Sessions.—Business meetings and hearings held by the committee or any sub-committee shall be open to the public except as otherwise provided for in Senate Rule XXVI, paragraph 5. 2.2 Transcripts.—A transcript shall be kept of each business meeting and hearing of the committee or any subcommittee unless a majority of the committee or the sub-committee agrees that some other form of permanent record is preferable. 2.3 Reports.—An appropriate opportunity shall be given the Minority to examine the proposed text of committee reports prior to their filing or publication. In the event there are supplemental, minority, or additional views, an appropriate opportunity shall be given the Majority to examine the proposed text prior to filing or publication. 2.4 Attendance.—(a) Meetings. Official at-tendance of all markups and executive ses-sions of the committee shall be kept by the committee clerk. Official attendance of all subcommittee markups and executive ses-sions shall be kept by the subcommittee clerk. (b) Hearings. Official attendance of all hearings shall be kept, provided that, Sen-ators are notified by the committee Chair-man and ranking minority member, in the case of committee hearings, and by the sub-committee Chairman and ranking minority member, in the case of subcommittee hear-ings, 48 hours in advance of the hearing that attendance will be taken. Otherwise, no at-tendance will be taken. Attendance at all hearings is encouraged. 
RULE 3 —HEARING PROCEDURES  3.1 Notice.—Public notice shall be given of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing to be held by the committee or any subcommittee at least 1 week in advance of such hearing unless the Chairman of the full committee or the subcommittee determines that the hearing is noncontroversial or that special circumstances require expedited pro-cedures and a majority of the committee or the subcommittee involved concurs. In no case shall a hearing be conducted with less than 24 hours notice. 3.2 Witness Statements.—Each witness who is to appear before the committee or any subcommittee shall file with the committee or subcommittee, at least 24 hours in ad-vance of the hearing, a written statement of his or her testimony and as many copies as the Chairman of the committee or sub-committee prescribes. 3.3 Minority Witnesses.—In any hearing conducted by the committee, or any sub-committee thereof, the minority members of the committee or subcommittee shall be en-titled, upon request to the Chairman by the ranking minority member of the committee or subcommittee to call witnesses of their selection during at least 1 day of such hear-ing pertaining to the matter or matters heard by the committee or subcommittee. 3.4 Swearing in of Witnesses.—Witnesses in committee or subcommittee hearings may be required to give testimony under oath when-ever the Chairman or ranking minority member of the committee or subcommittee deems such to be necessary. 3.5 Limitation.—Each member shall be limited to 5 minutes in the questioning of any witness until such time as all members who so desire have had an opportunity to question a witness. Questions from members shall rotate from majority to minority mem-bers in order of seniority or in order of ar-rival at the hearing. RULE 4 —NOMINATIONS  4.1 Assignment.—All nominations shall be considered by the full committee. 4.2 Standards.—In considering a nomina-tion, the committee shall inquire into the nominee’s experience, qualifications, suit-ability, and integrity to serve in the position to which he or she has been nominated. 4.3 Information.—Each nominee shall sub-mit in response to questions prepared by the committee the following information: (1) A detailed biographical resume which contains information relating to education, employ-ment, and achievements; (2) Financial infor-mation, including a financial statement which lists assets and liabilities of the nomi-nee; and (3) Copies of other relevant docu-ments requested by the committee. Informa-tion received pursuant to this subsection shall be available for public inspection ex-cept as specifically designated confidential by the committee. 4.4 Hearings.—The committee shall con-duct a public hearing during which the nomi-nee shall be called to testify under oath on all matters relating to his or her suitability for office. No hearing shall be held until at least 48 hours after the nominee has re-sponded to a prehearing questionnaire sub-mitted by the committee. 4.5 Action on Confirmation.—A business meeting to consider a nomination shall not occur on the same day that the hearing on the nominee is held. The Chairman, with the agreement of the ranking minority member, may waive this requirement. 
RULE 5 —QUORUMS  5.1 Testimony—For the purpose of receiv-ing evidence, the swearing of witnesses, and the taking of sworn or unsworn testimony at any duly scheduled hearing, a quorum of the committee and the subcommittee thereof shall consist of one member. 5.2 Business.—A quorum for the trans-action of committee or subcommittee busi-ness, other than for reporting a measure or recommendation to the Senate or the taking of testimony, shall consist of one-third of the members of the committee or sub-committee, including at least one member from each party. 5.3 Reporting.—A majority of the member-ship of the committee shall constitute a quorum for reporting bills, nominations, matters, or recommendations to the Senate. No measure or recommendation shall be or-dered reported from the committee unless a majority of the committee members are physically present. The vote of the com-mittee to report a measure or matter shall require the concurrence of a majority of those members who are physically present at the time the vote is taken. RULE 6 —VOTING  6.1 Rollcalls.—A roll call vote of the mem-bers shall be taken upon the request of any member. 6.2 Proxies.—Voting by proxy as authorized by the Senate rules for specific bills or sub-jects shall be allowed whenever a quorum of the committee is actually present. 6.3 Polling.—The committee may poll any matters of committee business, other than a vote on reporting to the Senate any meas-ures, matters or recommendations or a vote on closing a meeting or hearing to the pub-lic, provided that every member is polled and every poll consists of the following two ques-tions: (1) Do you agree or disagree to poll the proposal; and (2) Do you favor or oppose the proposal. If any member requests, any mat-ter to be polled shall be held for meeting rather than being polled. The chief clerk of the committee shall keep a record of all polls. 
RULE 7 —SUBCOMMITTEES  7.1 Assignments.—To assure the equitable assignment of members to subcommittees, no member of the committee will receive as-signment to a second subcommittee until, in order of seniority, all members of the com-mittee have chosen assignments to one sub-committee, and no member shall receive as-signment to a third subcommittee until, in order of seniority, all members have chosen assignments to two subcommittees. 7.2 Attendance.—Any member of the com-mittee may sit with any subcommittee dur-ing a hearing or meeting but shall not have the authority to vote on any matter before the subcommittee unless he or she is a mem-ber of such subcommittee. 7.3 Ex Officio Members.—The Chairman and ranking minority member shall serve as nonvoting ex officio members of the sub-committees on which they do not serve as voting members. The Chairman and ranking minority member may not be counted to-ward a quorum. 7.4 Scheduling.—No subcommittee may schedule a meeting or hearing at a time des-ignated for a hearing or meeting of the full committee. No more than one subcommittee business meeting may be held at the same time. 7.5 Discharge.—Should a subcommittee fail to report back to the full committee on any measure within a reasonable time, the Chair-man may withdraw the measure from such subcommittee and report that fact to the full committee for further disposition. The full committee may at any time, by major-ity vote of those members present, discharge a subcommittee from further consideration of a specific piece of legislation. 7.6 Application of Committee Rules to Sub-committees.—The proceedings of each sub-committee shall be governed by the rules of the full committee, subject to such author-izations or limitations as the committee may from time to time prescribe. 
RULE 8 —INVESTIGATIONS , SUBPOENAS AND  
DEPOSITIONS  8.1 Investigations.—Any investigation un-dertaken by the committee or a sub-committee in which depositions are taken or subpoenas issued, must be authorized by a majority of the members of the committee voting for approval to conduct such inves-tigation at a business meeting of the com-mittee convened in accordance with Rule 1. 8.2 Subpoenas.—The Chairman, with the approval of the ranking minority member of the committee, is delegated the authority to subpoena the attendance of witnesses or the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.044 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES576 February 1, 2017 
production of memoranda, documents, records, or any other materials at a hearing of the committee or a subcommittee or in connection with the conduct of an investiga-tion authorized in accordance with para-graph 8.1. The Chairman may subpoena at-tendance or production without the approval of the ranking minority member when the Chairman has not received notification from the ranking minority member of disapproval of the subpoena within 72 hours, excluding Saturdays and Sundays, of being notified of the subpoena. If a subpoena is disapproved by the ranking minority member as provided in this paragraph the subpoena may be author-ized by vote of the members of the com-mittee. When the committee or Chairman authorizes subpoenas, subpoenas may be issued upon the signature of the Chairman or any other member of the committee des-ignated by the Chairman. 8.3 Notice for Taking Depositions.—Notices for the taking of depositions, in an investiga-tion authorized by the committee, shall be authorized and be issued by the Chairman or by a staff officer designated by him. Such no-tices shall specify a time and place for exam-ination, and the name of the Senator, staff officer or officers who will take the deposi-tion. Unless otherwise specified, the deposi-tion shall be in private. The committee shall not initiate procedures leading to criminal or civil enforcement proceedings for a wit-ness’ failure to appear unless the deposition notice was accompanied by a committee sub-poena. 8.4 Procedure for Taking Depositions.— Witnesses shall be examined upon oath ad-ministered by an individual authorized by local law to administer oaths. The Chairman will rule, by telephone or otherwise, on any objection by a witness. The transcript of a deposition shall be filed with the committee clerk. 
RULE 9 —AMENDING THE RULES  These rules shall become effective upon publication in the Congressional Record. These rules may be modified, amended, or re-pealed by the committee, provided that all members are present or provide proxies or if a notice in writing of the proposed changes has been given to each member at least 48 hours prior to the meeting at which action thereon is to be taken. The changes shall be-come effective immediately upon publication of the changed rule or rules in the Congres-sional Record, or immediately upon approval of the changes if so resolved by the com-mittee as long as any witnesses who may be affected by the change in rules are provided with them. f 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING 
RULES OF PROCEDURE Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Special Committee on Aging, having adopted rules governing its procedures for the 115th Congress, have a copy of their rules printed in the R
ECORD , pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING C
OMMITTEE RULES 115THCONGRESS  
JURISDICTION AND AUTHORITY  A.1. There is established a Special Com-mittee on Aging (hereafter in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘special committee’’) which shall consist of nineteen Members. The Mem-bers and chairman of the special committee shall be appointed in the same manner and at the same time as the Members and chair-man of a standing committee of the Senate. After the date on which the majority and mi-nority Members of the special committee are initially appointed on or affect the effective date of title I of the Committee System Re-organization Amendments of 1977, each time a vacancy occurs in the Membership of the special committee, the number of Members of the special committee shall be reduced by one until the number of Members of the spe-cial committee consists of nine Senators. 2. For the purposes of paragraph I of rule XXV; paragraphs 1, 7(a)(1)–(2), 9, and 10(a) of rule XXVI; and paragraphs 1(a)–(d), and 2(a) and (d) of rule XXVII of the Standing Rules of the Senate; and the purposes of section 202(I) and (j) of the Legislative Reorganiza-tion Act of 1946, the special committee shall be treated as a standing committee of the Senate. B.1. It shall be the duty of the special com-mittee to conduct a continuing study of any and all matters pertaining to problems and opportunities of older people, including, but not limited to, problems and opportunities of maintaining health, of assuring adequate in-come, of finding employment, of engaging in productive and rewarding activity, of secur-ing proper housing, and when necessary, of obtaining care or assistance. No proposed legislation shall be referred to such com-mittee, and such committee shall not have power to report by bill, or otherwise have legislative jurisdiction. 2. The special committee shall, from time to time (but not less than once year), report to the Senate the results of the study con-ducted pursuant to paragraph (1), together with such recommendation as it considers appropriate. C.1. For the purposes of this section, the special committee is authorized, in its dis-cretion, (A) to make investigations into any matter within its jurisdiction, (B) to make expenditures from the contingent fund of the Senate, (C) to employ personnel, (D) to hold hearings, (E) to sit and act at any time or place during the sessions, recesses, and ad-journed periods of the Senate, (F) to require, by subpoena or otherwise, the attendance of witnesses and the production of correspond-ence books, papers, and documents, (G) to take depositions and other testimony, (H) to procure the serve of individual consultants or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(I) of the Legislative Reorganiza-tion Act of 1946, as amended) and (I) with the prior consent of the Government department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, to use on a reim-bursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 2. The chairman of the special committee or any Member thereof may administer oaths to witnesses. 3. Subpoenas authorized by the special committee may be issued over the signature of the chairman, or any Member of the spe-cial committee designated by the chairman, and may be served by any person designated by the chairman or the Member signing the subpoena. D. All records and papers of the temporary Special Committee on Aging established by Senate Resolution 33, Eighty-seventh Con-gress, are transferred to the special com-mittee. RULES OF PROCEDURE  I. Convening of Meetings 1. Meetings. The Committee shall meet to conduct Committee business at the call of the Chairman. The Members of the Com-mittee may call additional meetings as pro-vided in Senate Rule XXVI(3). 2. Notice and Agenda: (a) Written or Electronic Notice. The Chairman shall give the Members written or electronic notice of any Committee meeting, accompanied by an agenda enumerating the items of business to be considered, at least 5 days in advance of such meeting. (b) Shortened Notice. A meeting may be called on not less than 24 hours notice if the Chairman, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to begin the meeting on shortened notice. An agenda will be fur-nished prior to such a meeting. 3. Presiding Officer. The Chairman shall preside when present. If the Chairman is not present at any meeting, the Ranking Major-ity Member present shall preside. II. Convening of Hearings 1. Notice. The Committee shall make pub-lic announcement of the date, place and sub-ject matter of any hearing at least one week before its commencement. A hearing may be called on not less than 24 hours notice if the Chairman, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to begin the hearing on shortened notice. 2. Presiding Officer. The Chairman shall preside over the conduct of a hearing when present, or, whether present or not, may del-egate authority to preside to any Member of the Committee. 3. Witnesses. Witnesses called before the Committee shall be given, absent extraor-dinary circumstances, at least 48 hours no-tice, and all witnesses called shall be fur-nished with a copy of these rules upon re-quest. 4. Oath. All witnesses who testify to mat-ters of fact shall be sworn unless the Com-mittee waives the oath. The Chairman, or any Member, may request and administer the oath. 5. Testimony. At least 48 hours in advance of a hearing, each witness who is to appear before the Committee shall submit his or her testimony by way of electronic mail, in a format determined by the Committee and sent to an electronic mail address specified by the Committee, unless the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member determine that there is good cause for a witness’s failure to do so. A witness shall be allowed no more than five minutes to orally summarize his or her prepared statement. Officials of the fed-eral government shall file 40 copies of such statement with the clerk of the Committee 48 hours in advance of their appearance, un-less the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member determine there is good cause for noncompliance. 6. Counsel. A witness’s counsel shall be permitted to be present during his testimony at any public or closed hearing or deposi-tions or staff interview to advise such wit-ness of his or her rights, provided, however, that in the case of any witness who is an offi-cer or employee of the government, or of a corporation or association, the Chairman may rule that representation by counsel from the government, corporation, or asso-ciation creates a conflict of interest, and that the witness shall be represented by per-sonal counsel not from the government, cor-poration, or association. 7. Transcript. An accurate electronic or stenographic record shall be kept of the tes-timony of all witnesses in closed sessions and public hearings. Any witness shall be af-forded, upon request, the right to review that portion of such record, and for this pur-pose, a copy of a witness’s testimony in pub-lic or closed session shall be provided to the witness. Upon inspecting his or her tran-script, within a time limit set by the com-mittee clerk, a witness may request changes in testimony to correct errors of tran-scription, grammatical errors, and obvious 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.044 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S577 February 1, 2017 
errors of fact. The Chairman or a staff officer designated by him shall rule on such request. 8. Impugned Persons. Any person who be-lieves that evidence presented, or comment made by a Member or staff, at a public hear-ing or at a closed hearing concerning which there have been public reports, tends to im-pugn his or her character or adversely affect his or her reputation may: (a) file a sworn statement of facts relevant to the evidence or comment, which shall be placed in the hearing record; and (b) request the opportunity to appear per-sonally before the Committee to testify in his or her own behalf. 9. Minority Witnesses. Whenever any hear-ing is conducted by the Committee, the Ranking Member shall be entitled to call at least one witness to testify or produce docu-ments with respect to the measure or matter under consideration at the hearing. Such re-quest must be made before the completion of the hearing or, if subpoenas are required to call the minority witnesses, no later than three days before the hearing. 10. Conduct of Witnesses, Counsel and Members of the Audience. If, during public or executive sessions, a witness, his or her counsel, or any spectator conducts him or herself in such a manner as to prevent, im-pede, disrupt, obstruct, or interfere with the orderly administration of such hearing the Chairman or presiding Member of the Com-mittee present during such hearing may re-quest the Sergeant at Arms of the Senate, his representative or any law enforcement official to eject said person from the hearing room. III. Closed Sessions and Confidential Mate-rials 1. Procedure. All meetings and hearings shall be open to the public unless closed. To close a meeting or hearing or portion there-of, a motion shall be made and seconded to go into closed discussion of whether the meeting or hearing will concern Committee investigations or matters enumerated in Senate Rule XXVI(5)(b). Immediately after such discussion, the meeting or hearing or portion thereof may be closed by a vote in open session of a majority of the Members of the Committee present. 2. Witness Request. Any witness called for a hearing may submit a written or an elec-tronic request to the Chairman no later than twenty-four hours in advance for his or her examination to be in closed or open session. The Chairman shall inform the Committee of any such request. 3. Confidential Matter. No record made of a closed session, or material declared confiden-tial by a majority of the Committee, or re-port of the proceedings of a closed session, shall be made public, in whole or in part or by way of summary, unless specifically au-thorized by the Chairman and Ranking Mi-nority Member. IV. Broadcasting 1. Control. Any meeting or hearing open to the public may be covered by television, radio, or still photography. Such coverage must be conducted in an orderly and unob-trusive manner, and the Chairman may for good cause terminate such coverage in whole or in part, or take such other action to con-trol it as the circumstances may warrant. 2. Request. A witness may request of the Chairman, on grounds of distraction, harass-ment, personal safety, or physical discom-fort, that during his or her testimony cam-eras, media microphones, and lights shall not be directed at him or her. V. Quorums and Voting 1. Reporting. A majority shall constitute a quorum for reporting a resolution, rec-ommendation or report to the Senate. 2. Committee Business. A third shall con-stitute a quorum for the conduct of Com-mittee business, other than a final vote on reporting, providing a minority Member is present. 3. Hearings. One Member shall constitute a quorum for the receipt of evidence, the swearing of witnesses, and the taking of tes-timony at hearings. 4. Polling: (a) Subjects. The Committee may poll (1) internal Committee matters including those concerning the Committee’s staff, records, and budget; (2) Committee rules changes and (3) other Committee business which has been designated for polling at a meeting. (b) Procedure. The Chairman shall cir-culate polling sheets to each Member speci-fying the matter being polled and the time limit for completion of the poll. If any Mem-ber so requests in advance of the meeting, the matter shall be held for meeting rather than being polled. The clerk shall keep a record of polls. If the Chairman determines that the polled matter is one of the areas enumerated in Rule III(1), the record of the poll shall be confidential. Any Member may request a Committee meeting following a poll for a vote on the polled decision. VI. Investigations 1. Authorization for Investigations. All in-vestigations shall be conducted on a bipar-tisan basis by Committee staff. Committee investigations may be initiated by the Com-mittee staff upon the approval of the Chair-man and the Ranking Minority Member. Staff shall keep the Committee fully in-formed of the progress of continuing Com-mittee investigations, except where the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member agree that there exists temporary cause for more limited knowledge. 2. Subpoenas. The Chairman and Ranking Minority Member, acting together, shall au-thorize a subpoena. Subpoenas for the at-tendance of witnesses or the production of memoranda, documents, records, or any other materials shall be issued by the Chair-man, or by any other Member of the Com-mittee designated by him. Prior to the issuance of each subpoena, the Ranking Mi-nority Member, and any other Member so re-questing, shall be notified regarding the identity of the person to whom the subpoena will be issued and the nature of the informa-tion sought, and its relationship to the in-vestigation. 3. Committee Investigative Reports. All re-ports containing Committee findings or rec-ommendations stemming from Committee investigations shall be printed only with the approval of a majority of the Members of the Committee. VII. Depositions and Commissions 1. Notice. Notices for the taking of deposi-tions in an investigation authorized by the Committee shall be authorized and issued by the Chairman or by a staff officer designated by him. Such notices shall specify a time and place for examination, and the name of the staff officer or officers who will take the dep-osition. Unless otherwise specified, the depo-sition shall be in private. The Committee shall not initiate procedures leading to criminal or civil enforcement proceedings for a witness’s failure to appear unless the depo-sition notice was accompanied by a Com-mittee subpoena. 2. Counsel. Witnesses may be accompanied at a deposition by counsel to advise them of their rights, subject to the provisions of Rule II(6). 3. Procedure. Witnesses shall be examined upon oath administered by an individual au-thorized by local law to administer oaths. Questions shall be propounded orally by Committee staff. Objections by the witnesses as to the form of questions shall be noted by the record. If a witness objects to a question and refuses to testify on the basis of rel-evance or privilege, the Committee staff may proceed with the deposition, or may at that time or at a subsequent time, seek a ruling by telephone or otherwise on the objection from a Member of the Committee. If the Member overrules the objection, he or she may refer the matter to the Committee or the Member may order and direct the wit-ness to answer the question, but the Com-mittee shall not initiate the procedures lead-ing to civil or criminal enforcement unless the witness refuses to testify after he or she has been ordered and directed to answer by a Member of the Committee. 4. Filing. The Committee staff shall see that the testimony is transcribed or elec-tronically recorded. 5. Commissions. The Committee may au-thorize the staff, by issuance of commis-sions, to fill in prepared subpoenas, conduct field hearings, inspect locations, facilities, or systems of records, or otherwise act on be-half of the Committee. Commissions shall be accompanied by instructions from the Com-mittee regulating their use. VIII. Subcommittees 1. Establishment. The Committee will op-erate as a Committee of the Whole, reserving to itself the right to establish temporary subcommittees at any time by majority vote. The Chairman of the full Committee and the Ranking Minority Member shall be ex officio Members of all subcommittees. 2. Jurisdiction. Within its jurisdiction as described in the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, each subcommittee is authorized to con-duct investigations, including use of sub-poenas, depositions, and commissions. 3. Rules. A subcommittee shall be governed by the Committee rules, except that its quorum for all business shall be one-third of the subcommittee Membership, and for hear-ings shall be one Member. IX. Reports Committee reports incorporating Com-mittee findings and recommendations shall be printed only with the prior approval of a majority of the Committee, after an ade-quate period for review and comment. The printing, as Committee documents, of mate-rials prepared by staff for informational pur-poses, or the printing of materials not origi-nating with the Committee or staff, shall re-quire prior consultation with the minority staff; these publications shall have the fol-lowing language printed on the cover of the document: ‘‘Note: This document has been printed for informational purposes. It does not represent either findings or rec-ommendations formally adopted by the Com-mittee.’’ X. Amendment of Rules The rules of the Committee may be amend-ed or revised at any time, provided that not less than a majority of the Committee present so determine at a Committee meet-ing preceded by at least 3 days notice of the amendments or revisions proposed or via polling, subject to Rule V (4). f 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
SUBCOMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources’ subcommittee assignments for the 115th Congress be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.046 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES578 February 1, 2017 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES 115
THCONGRESS SUBCOMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS  
ENERGY  Cory Gardner, Chairman James E. Risch; Jeff Flake; Steve Daines; Jeff Sessions; Lamar Alexander; John Hoeven; Bill Cassidy; Rob Portman; Joe Manchin III, Ranking; Ron Wyden; Bernard Sanders; Al Franken; Martin Heinrich; Angus King; Tammy Duckworth; Catherine Cortez Masto. 
PUBLIC LANDS , FORESTS , AND MINING  Mike Lee, Chairman John Barrasso; James E. Risch; Jeff Flake; Steve Daines; Cory Gardner; Jeff Sessions; Lamar Alexander; John Hoeven; Bill Cassidy; Ron Wyden, Ranking; Debbie Stabenow; Al Franken; Joe Manchin III; Martin Heinrich; Mazie Hirono; Catherine Cortez Masto. 
NATIONAL PARKS  Steve Daines, Chairman John Barrasso; Mike Lee; Cory Gardner; Lamar Alexander; John Hoeven; Rob Portman; Mazie Hirono, Ranking; Bernard Sanders; Debbie Stabenow; Martin Heinrich; Angus King; Tammy Duckworth. 
WATER AND POWER  Jeff Flake, Chairman John Barrasso; James E. Risch; Mike Lee; Jeff Sessions; Bill Cassidy; Rob Portman; Angus King, Ranking; Ron Wyden; Bernard Sanders; Al Franken; Joe Manchin III; Tammy Duckworth. Lisa Murkowski and Maria Cantwell are ex officio members of all Subcommittees. f 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDU-CATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS 
RULES OF PROCEDURE Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have the committee rules for the Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Committee printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SENATE COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS L
AMAR ALEXANDER , Chairman 
RULES OF PROCEDURE (AS AGREED TO JANUARY , 
2017) Rule 1.—Subject to the provisions of rule XXVI, paragraph 5, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, regular meetings of the com-mittee shall be held on the second and fourth Wednesday of each month, at 10:00 a.m., in room SD–430, Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing. The chairman may, upon proper notice, call such additional meetings as he may deem necessary. Rule 2.—The chairman of the committee or of a subcommittee, or if the chairman is not present, the ranking majority member present, shall preside at all meetings. The chairman may designate the ranking minor-ity member to preside at hearings of the committee or subcommittee. Rule 3.—Meetings of the committee or a subcommittee, including meetings to con-duct hearings, shall be open to the public ex-cept as otherwise specifically provided in subsections (b) and (d) of rule 26.5 of the Standing Rules of the Senate. Rule 4.—(a) Subject to paragraph (b), one- third of the membership of the committee, actually present, shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of transacting business. Any quorum of the committee which is composed of less than a majority of the members of the committee shall include at least one member of the majority and one member of the mi-nority. (b) A majority of the members of a sub-committee, actually present, shall con-stitute a quorum for the purpose of transacting business: provided, no measure or matter shall be ordered reported unless such majority shall include at least one member of the minority who is a member of the subcommittee. If, at any subcommittee meeting, a measure or matter cannot be or-dered reported because of the absence of such a minority member, the measure or matter shall lay over for a day. If the presence of a member of the minority is not then ob-tained, a majority of the members of the subcommittee, actually present, may order such measure or matter reported. (c) No measure or matter shall be ordered reported from the committee or a sub-committee unless a majority of the com-mittee or subcommittee is physically present. Rule 5.—With the approval of the chairman of the committee or subcommittee, one member thereof may conduct public hearings other than taking sworn testimony. Rule 6.—Proxy voting shall be allowed on all measures and matters before the com-mittee or a subcommittee if the absent member has been informed of the matter on which he is being recorded and has affirma-tively requested that he be so recorded. While proxies may be voted on a motion to report a measure or matter from the com-mittee, such a motion shall also require the concurrence of a majority of the members who are actually present at the time such action is taken. The committee may poll any matters of committee business as a matter of unani-mous consent; provided that every member is polled and every poll consists of the fol-lowing two questions: (1) Do you agree or disagree to poll the pro-posal; and (2) Do you favor or oppose the proposal. Rule 7.—There shall be prepared and kept a complete transcript or electronic recording adequate to fully record the proceedings of each committee or subcommittee meeting or conference whether or not such meetings or any part thereof is closed pursuant to the specific provisions of subsections (b) and (d) of rule 26.5 of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, unless a majority of said members vote to forgo such a record. Such records shall contain the vote cast by each member of the committee or subcommittee on any question on which a ‘‘yea and nay’’ vote is demanded, and shall be available for inspection by any committee member. The clerk of the com-mittee, or the clerk’s designee, shall have the responsibility to make appropriate ar-rangements to implement this rule. Rule 8.—The committee and each sub-committee shall undertake, consistent with the provisions of rule XXVI, paragraph 4, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, to issue public announcement of any hearing or exec-utive session it intends to hold at least one week prior to the commencement of such hearing or executive session. In the case of an executive session, the text of any bill or joint resolution to be considered must be provided to the chairman for prompt elec-tronic distribution to the members of the committee. Rule 9.—The committee or a subcommittee shall require all witnesses heard before it to file written statements of their proposed tes-timony at least 24 hours before a hearing, unless the chairman and the ranking minor-ity member determine that there is good cause for failure to so file, and to limit their oral presentation to brief summaries of their arguments. Testimony may be filed elec-tronically. The presiding officer at any hear-ing is authorized to limit the time of each witness appearing before the committee or a subcommittee. The committee or a sub-committee shall, as far as practicable, uti-lize testimony previously taken on bills and measures similar to those before it for con-sideration. Rule 10.—Should a subcommittee fail to re-port back to the full committee on any measure within a reasonable time, the chair-man may withdraw the measure from such subcommittee and report that fact to the full committee for further disposition. Rule 11.—No subcommittee may schedule a meeting or hearing at a time designated for a hearing or meeting of the full committee. No more than one subcommittee executive meeting may be held at the same time. Rule 12.—It shall be the duty of the chair-man in accordance with section 133(c) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, as amended, to report or cause to be reported to the Senate, any measure or recommendation approved by the committee and to take or cause to be taken, necessary steps to bring the matter to a vote in the Senate. Rule 13.—Whenever a meeting of the com-mittee or subcommittee is closed pursuant to the provisions of subsection (b) or (d) of rule 26.5 of the Standing Rules of the Senate, no person other than members of the com-mittee, members of the staff of the com-mittee, and designated assistants to mem-bers of the committee shall be permitted to attend such closed session, except by special dispensation of the committee or sub-committee or the chairman thereof. Rule 14.—The chairman of the committee or a subcommittee shall be empowered to ad-journ any meeting of the committee or a subcommittee if a quorum is not present within fifteen minutes of the time schedule for such meeting. Rule 15.—Whenever a bill or joint resolu-tion shall be before the committee or a sub-committee for final consideration, the clerk shall distribute to each member of the com-mittee or subcommittee a document, pre-pared by the sponsor of the bill or joint reso-lution. If the bill or joint resolution has no underlying statutory language, the docu-ment shall consist of a detailed summary of the purpose and impact of each section. If the bill or joint resolution repeals or amends any statute or part thereof, the document shall consist of a detailed summary of the underlying statute and the proposed changes in each section of the underlying law and ei-ther a print of the statute or the part or sec-tion thereof to be amended or replaced show-ing by stricken-through type, the part or parts to be omitted and, in italics, the mat-ter proposed to be added, along with a sum-mary of the proposed changes; or a side-by- side document showing a comparison of cur-rent law, the proposed legislative changes, and a detailed description of the proposed changes. Rule 16.—An appropriate opportunity shall be given the minority to examine the pro-posed text of committee reports prior to their filing or publication. In the event there are supplemental, minority, or additional views, an appropriate opportunity shall be given the majority to examine the proposed text prior to filing or publication. Unless the chairman and ranking minority member agree on a shorter period of time, the minor-ity shall have no fewer than three business days to prepare supplemental, minority or additional views for inclusion in a com-mittee report from the time the majority makes the proposed text of the committee report available to the minority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.045 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S579 February 1, 2017 
Rule 17.—(a) The committee, or any sub-committee, may issue subpoenas, or hold hearings to take sworn testimony or hear subpoenaed witnesses, only if such investiga-tive activity has been authorized by major-ity vote of the committee. (b) For the purpose of holding a hearing to take sworn testimony or hear subpoenaed witnesses, three members of the committee or subcommittee shall constitute a quorum: provided, with the concurrence of the chair-man and ranking minority member of the committee or subcommittee, a single mem-ber may hear subpoenaed witnesses or take sworn testimony. (c) The committee may, by a majority vote, delegate the authority to issue sub-poenas to the chairman of the committee or a subcommittee, or to any member des-ignated by such chairman. Prior to the issuance of each subpoena, the ranking mi-nority member of the committee or sub-committee, and any other member so re-questing, shall be notified regarding the identity of the person to whom it will be issued and the nature of the information sought and its relationship to the authorized investigative activity, except where the chairman of the committee or sub-committee, in consultation with the ranking minority member, determines that such no-tice would unduly impede the investigation. All information obtained pursuant to such investigative activity shall be made avail-able as promptly as possible to each member of the committee requesting same, or to any assistant to a member of the committee des-ignated by such member in writing, but the use of any such information is subject to re-strictions imposed by the rules of the Sen-ate. Such information, to the extent that it is relevant to the investigation shall, if re-quested by a member, be summarized in writing as soon as practicable. Upon the re-quest of any member, the chairman of the committee or subcommittee shall call an ex-ecutive session to discuss such investigative activity or the issuance of any subpoena in connection therewith. (d) Any witness summoned to testify at a hearing, or any witness giving sworn testi-mony, may be accompanied by counsel of his own choosing who shall be permitted, while the witness is testifying, to advise him of his legal rights. (e) No confidential testimony taken or con-fidential material presented in an executive hearing, or any report of the proceedings of such an executive hearing, shall be made public, either in whole or in part or by way of summary, unless authorized by a majority of the members of the committee or sub-committee. Rule 18.—Presidential nominees shall sub-mit a statement of their background and fi-nancial interests, including the financial in-terests of their spouse and children living in their household, on a form approved by the committee which shall be sworn to as to its completeness and accuracy. The committee form shall be in two parts— (I) information relating to employment, education and background of the nominee re-lating to the position to which the individual is nominated, and which is to be made pub-lic; and, (II) information relating to financial and other background of the nominee, to be made public when the committee determines that such information bears directly on the nomi-nee’s qualifications to hold the position to which the individual is nominated. Information relating to background and fi-nancial interests (parts I and II) shall not be required of nominees for less than full-time appointments to councils, commissions or boards when the committee determines that some or all of the information is not rel-evant to the nature of the position. Informa-tion relating to other background and finan-cial interests (part II) shall not be required of any nominee when the committee deter-mines that it is not relevant to the nature of the position. Committee action on a nomination, includ-ing hearings or meetings to consider a mo-tion to recommend confirmation, shall not be initiated until at least five days after the nominee submits the form required by this rule unless the chairman, with the concur-rence of the ranking minority member, waives this waiting period. Rule 19.—Subject to statutory require-ments imposed on the committee with re-spect to procedure, the rules of the com-mittee may be changed, modified, amended or suspended at any time; provided, not less than a majority of the entire membership so determine at a regular meeting with due no-tice, or at a meeting specifically called for that purpose. Rule 20.—When the ratio of members on the committee is even, the term ‘‘majority’’ as used in the committee’s rules and guidelines shall refer to the party of the chairman for purposes of party identification. Numerical requirements for quorums, votes and the like shall be unaffected. Rule 21.—First degree amendments must be filed with the chairman at least 24 hours be-fore an executive session. The chairman shall promptly distribute all filed amend-ments electronically to the members of the committee. The chairman may modify the filing requirements to meet special cir-cumstances with the concurrence of the ranking minority member. Rule 22.—In addition to the foregoing, the proceedings of the committee shall be gov-erned by the Standing Rules of the Senate and the provisions of the Legislative Reorga-nization Act of 1946, as amended. *****  G
UIDELINES OF THE SENATE COMMITTEE ON  H
EALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , AND PENSIONS  W
ITHRESPECT TO HEARINGS , MARKUP SES-
SIONS , ANDRELATED MATTERS  
HEARINGS  Section 133A(a) of the Legislative Reorga-nization Act requires each committee of the Senate to publicly announce the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing at least one week prior to the commencement of such hearing. The spirit of this requirement is to assure adequate notice to the public and other Members of the Senate as to the time and subject matter of proposed hearings. In the spirit of section 133A(a) and in order to as-sure that members of the committee are themselves fully informed and involved in the development of hearings: 1. Public notice of the date, place, and sub-ject matter of each committee or sub-committee hearing should be inserted in the Congressional Record seven days prior to the commencement of such hearing. 2. At least seven days prior to public notice of each committee or subcommittee hearing, the majority should provide notice to the minority of the time, place and specific sub-ject matter of such hearing. 3. At least three days prior to the date of such hearing, the committee or sub-committee should provide to each member a list of witnesses who have been or are pro-posed to be invited to appear. 4. The committee and its subcommittee should, to the maximum feasible extent, en-force the provisions of rule 9 of the com-mittee rules as it relates to the submission of written statements of witnesses twenty- four hours in advance of a hearing. Witnesses will be urged to submit testimony even ear-lier whenever possible. When statements are received in advance of a hearing, the com-mittee or subcommittee (as appropriate) should distribute copies of such statements to each of its members. Witness testimony may be submitted and distributed electroni-cally. EXECUTIVE SESSIONS FOR THE PURPOSE OF  
MARKING UP BILLS  In order to expedite the process of marking up bills and to assist each member of the committee so that there may be full and fair consideration of each bill which the com-mittee or a subcommittee is marking up the following procedures should be followed: 1. Seven days prior to the proposed date for an executive session for the purpose of mark-ing up bills the committee or subcommittee (as appropriate) should provide written no-tice to each of its members as to the time, place, and specific subject matter of such session, including an agenda listing each bill or other matters to be considered and includ-ing: (a) a copy of each bill, joint resolution, or other legislative matter (or committee print thereof) to be considered at such executive session; and (b) a copy of a summary of the provisions of each bill, joint resolution, or other legis-lative matter to be considered at such execu-tive session including, whenever possible, an explanation of changes to existing law pro-posed to be made. 2. Insofar as practical, prior to the sched-uled date for an executive session for the purpose of marking up bills, the committee or a subcommittee (as appropriate) should provide each member with a copy of the printed record or a summary of any hearings conducted by the committee or a sub-committee with respect to each bill, joint resolution, or other legislative matter to be considered at such executive session. f 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDU-CATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS 
SUBCOMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have the subcommittee assignments for the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SUBCOMMITTEES OF THE COMMITTEE ON  H
EALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , ANDPENSIONS  
CHILDREN AND FAMILIES  Mr. Paul, Kentucky, Chairman Mr. Casey, Pennsylvania, Ranking Member Ms. Murkowski, Alaska; Mr. Burr, North Carolina; Mr. Cassidy, Louisiana; Mr. Young, Indiana; Mr. Hatch, Utah; Mr. Roberts, Kan-sas; Mr. Alexander, Tennessee ( Ex Officio); Mr. Sanders, Vermont; Mr. Franken, Min-nesota; Mr. Bennet, Colorado; Mr. Kaine, Virginia; Ms. Hassan, New Hampshire; Mrs. Murray, Washington (Ex Officio). 
EMPLOYMENT AND WORKPLACE SAFETY  Mr. Isakson, Georgia, Chairman Mr. Franken, Minnesota, Ranking Member Mr. Roberts, Kansas; Mr. Scott, South Carolina; Mr. Burr, North Carolina; Mr. Paul, Kentucky; Mr. Cassidy, Louisiana; Mr. Young, Indiana; Mr. Alexander, Tennessee (Ex Officio); Mr. Casey, Pennsylvania; Mr. Whitehouse, Rhode Island; Ms. Baldwin, Wis-consin; Mr. Murphy, Connecticut; Ms. War-ren, Massachusetts; Mrs. Murray, Wash-ington (Ex Officio). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.048 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES580 February 1, 2017 
PRIMARY HEALTH AND RETIREMENT SECURITY  Mr. Enzi, Wyoming, Chairman Mr. Sanders, Vermont, Ranking Member Mr. Burr, North Carolina; Ms. Collins, Maine; Mr. Cassidy, Louisiana; Mr. Young, Indiana; Mr. Hatch, Utah; Mr. Roberts, Kan-sas; Mr. Scott, South Carolina; Ms. Mur-kowski, Alaska; Mr. Alexander, Tennessee (Ex Officio); Mr. Bennet, Colorado; Mr. Whitehouse, Rhode Island; Ms. Baldwin, Wis-consin; Mr. Murphy, Connecticut; Ms. War-ren, Massachusetts; Mr. Kaine, Virginia; Ms. Hassan, New Hampshire; Mrs. Murray, Wash-ington (Ex Officio). f 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS 
RULES OF PROCEDURE Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, the Committee on Foreign Relations has adopted rules governing its procedures for the 115th Congress. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, on behalf of myself and Senator C
ARDIN , I ask unan-imous consent that a copy of the com-mittee rules be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS (Adopted January 31, 2017) 
RULE 1 —JURISDICTION  (a) Substantive.—In accordance with Senate Rule XXV.1(j)(1), the jurisdiction of the com-mittee shall extend to all proposed legisla-tion, messages, petitions, memorials, and other matters relating to the following sub-jects: 1. Acquisition of land and buildings for em-bassies and legations in foreign countries. 2. Boundaries of the United States. 3. Diplomatic service. 4. Foreign economic, military, technical, and humanitarian assistance. 5. Foreign loans. 6. International activities of the American National Red Cross and the International Committee of the Red Cross. 7. International aspects of nuclear energy, including nuclear transfer policy. 8. International conferences and con-gresses. 9. International law as it relates to foreign policy. 10. International Monetary Fund and other international organizations established pri-marily for international monetary purposes (except that, at the request of the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, any proposed legislation relating to such subjects reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations shall be referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs). 11. Intervention abroad and declarations of war. 12. Measures to foster commercial inter-course with foreign nations and to safeguard American business interests abroad. 13. National security and international as-pects of trusteeships of the United States. 14. Ocean and international environmental and scientific affairs as they relate to for-eign policy. 15. Protection of United States citizens abroad and expatriation. 16. Relations of the United States with for-eign nations generally. 17. Treaties and executive agreements, ex-cept reciprocal trade agreements. 18. United Nations and its affiliated organi-zations. 19. World Bank group, the regional devel-opment banks, and other international orga-nizations established primarily for develop-ment assistance purposes. The committee is also mandated by Senate Rule XXV.1(j)(2) to study and review, on a comprehensive basis, matters relating to the national security policy, foreign policy, and international economic policy as it relates to foreign policy of the United States, and matters relating to food, hunger, and nutri-tion in foreign countries, and report thereon from time to time. (b) Oversight.—The committee also has a responsibility under Senate Rule XXVI.8(a)(2), which provides that ‘‘. . . each standing committee . . . shall review and study, on a continuing basis, the application, administration, and execution of those laws or parts of laws, the subject matter of which is within the jurisdiction of the committee.’’ (c) ‘‘Advice and Consent’’ Clauses.—The committee has a special responsibility to as-sist the Senate in its constitutional function of providing ‘‘advice and consent’’ to all treaties entered into by the United States and all nominations to the principal execu-tive branch positions in the field of foreign policy and diplomacy. RULE 2 —SUBCOMMITTEES  (a) Creation.—Unless otherwise authorized by law or Senate resolution, subcommittees shall be created by majority vote of the com-mittee and shall deal with such legislation and oversight of programs and policies as the committee directs. Legislative measures or other matters may be referred to a sub-committee for consideration in the discre-tion of the chairman or by vote of a majority of the committee. If the principal subject matter of a measure or matter to be referred falls within the jurisdiction of more than one subcommittee, the chairman or the com-mittee may refer the matter to two or more subcommittees for joint consideration. (b) Assignments.—Assignments of members to subcommittees shall be made in an equi-table fashion. No member of the committee may receive assignment to a second sub-committee until, in order of seniority, all members of the committee have chosen as-signments to one subcommittee, and no member shall receive assignments to a third subcommittee until, in order of seniority, all members have chosen assignments to two subcommittees. No member of the committee may serve on more than four subcommittees at any one time. The chairman and ranking member of the committee shall be ex officio members, with-out vote, of each subcommittee. (c) Hearings.—Except when funds have been specifically made available by the Senate for a subcommittee purpose, no subcommittee of the Committee on Foreign Relations shall hold hearings involving expenses without prior approval of the chairman of the full committee or by decision of the full com-mittee. Hearings of subcommittees shall be scheduled after consultation with the chair-man of the committee with a view toward avoiding conflicts with hearings of other subcommittees insofar as possible. Hearings of subcommittees shall not be scheduled to conflict with meetings or hearings of the full committee. The proceedings of each subcommittee shall be governed by the rules of the full committee, subject to such authorizations or limitations as the committee may from time to time prescribe. 
RULE 3 —MEETINGS AND HEARINGS  (a) Regular Meeting Day.—The regular meeting day of the Committee on Foreign Relations for the transaction of committee business shall be on Tuesday of each week, unless otherwise directed by the chairman. (b) Additional Meetings and Hearings.—Addi- tional meetings and hearings of the com-mittee may be called by the chairman as he may deem necessary. If at least three mem-bers of the committee desire that a special meeting of the committee be called by the chairman, those members may file in the of-fices of the committee their written request to the chairman for that special meeting. Immediately upon filing of the request, the chief clerk of the committee shall notify the chairman of the filing of the request. If, within three calendar days after the filing of the request, the chairman does not call the requested special meeting, to be held within seven calendar days after the filing of the re-quest, a majority of the members of the com-mittee may file in the offices of the com-mittee their written notice that a special meeting of the committee will be held, speci-fying the date and hour of that special meet-ing. The committee shall meet on that date and hour. Immediately upon the filing of the notice, the clerk shall notify all members of the committee that such special meeting will be held and inform them of its date and hour. (c) Hearings, Selection of Witnesses.—To en- sure that the issue which is the subject of the hearing is presented as fully and fairly as possible, whenever a hearing is conducted by the committee or a subcommittee upon any measure or matter, the ranking member of the committee or subcommittee may select and call an equal number of non-govern-mental witnesses to testify at that hearing. (d) Public Announcement.—The committee, or any subcommittee thereof, shall make public announcement of the date, place, time, and subject matter of any meeting or hearing to be conducted on any measure or matter at least seven calendar days in ad-vance of such meetings or hearings, unless the chairman of the committee, or sub-committee, in consultation with the ranking member, determines that there is good cause to begin such meeting or hearing at an ear-lier date. (e) Procedure.—Insofar as possible, pro-ceedings of the committee will be conducted without resort to the formalities of par-liamentary procedure and with due regard for the views of all members. Issues of proce-dure which may arise from time to time shall be resolved by decision of the chair-man, in consultation with the ranking mem-ber. The chairman, in consultation with the ranking member, may also propose special procedures to govern the consideration of particular matters by the committee. (f) Closed Sessions.—Each meeting and hear-ing of the Committee on Foreign Relations, or any subcommittee thereof shall be open to the public, except that a meeting or hearing or series of meetings or hearings by the com-mittee or a subcommittee on the same sub-ject for a period of no more than 14 calendar days may be closed to the public on a motion made and seconded to go into closed session to discuss only whether the matters enumer-ated in paragraphs (1) through (6) would re-quire the meeting or hearing to be closed fol-lowed immediately by a record vote in open session by a majority of the members of the committee or subcommittee when it is deter-mined that the matters to be discussed or the testimony to be taken at such meeting or hearing or series of meetings or hear-ings— (1) will disclose matters necessary to be kept secret in the interests of national de-fense or the confidential conduct of the for-eign relations of the United States; (2) will relate solely to matters of com-mittee staff personnel or internal staff man-agement or procedure; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.050 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S581 February 1, 2017 
(3) will tend to charge an individual with crime or misconduct; to disgrace or injure the professional standing of an individual, or otherwise to expose an individual to public contempt or obloquy, or will represent a clearly unwarranted invasion of the privacy of an individual; (4) will disclose the identity of any in-former or law enforcement agent or will dis-close any information relating to the inves-tigation or prosecution of a criminal offense that is required to be kept secret in the in-terests of effective law enforcement; (5) will disclose information relating to the trade secrets or financial or commercial in-formation pertaining specifically to a given person if— (A) an Act of Congress requires the infor-mation to be kept confidential by govern-ment officers and employees; or (B) the information has been obtained by the government on a confidential basis, other than through an application by such person for a specific government financial or other benefit, and is required to be kept se-cret in order to prevent undue injury to the competitive position of such person, or (6) may divulge matters required to be kept confidential under other provisions of law or government regulations. A closed meeting or hearing may be opened by a majority vote of the committee. (g) Staff Attendance.—A member of the committee may have one member of his or her personal staff, for whom that member as-sumes personal responsibility, accompany and be seated nearby at committee meetings and hearings. The chairman or ranking member may authorize the attendance and seating of such a staff member at committee meetings and hearings where the member of the committee is not present. Each member of the committee may des-ignate members of his or her personal staff for whom that member assumes personal re-sponsibility, who holds, at a minimum, a top secret security clearance, for the purpose of their eligibility to attend closed sessions of the committee, subject to the same condi-tions set forth for committee staff under Rules 12, 13, and 14. In addition, the majority leader and the minority leader of the Senate, if they are not otherwise members of the committee, may designate one member of their staff for whom that leader assumes personal responsi-bility and who holds, at a minimum, a top secret security clearance, to attend closed sessions of the committee, subject to the same conditions set forth for committee staff under Rules 12, 13, and 14. Staff of other Senators who are not mem-bers of the committee may not attend closed sessions of the committee. Attendance of committee staff at meetings and hearings shall be limited to those des-ignated by the staff director or the minority staff director. The committee, by majority vote, or the chairman, with the concurrence of the rank-ing member, may limit staff attendance at specified meetings or hearings 
RULE 4 —QUORUMS  (a) Testimony.—For the purpose of taking sworn or sworn testimony at any duly sched-uled meeting a quorum of the committee and each subcommittee thereof shall consist of one member of such committee or sub-committee. (b) Business.—A quorum for the transaction of committee or subcommittee business, other than for reporting a measure or rec-ommendation to the Senate or the taking of testimony, shall consist of one-third of the members of the committee or subcommittee, including at least one member from each party. (c) Reporting.—A majority of the member-ship of the committee, including at least one member from each party, shall constitute a quorum for reporting any measure or rec-ommendation to the Senate. No measure or recommendation shall be ordered reported from the committee unless a majority of the committee members is physically present, including at least one member from each party, and a majority of those present con-curs. RULE 5 —PROXIES  Proxies must be in writing with the signa-ture of the absent member. Subject to the re-quirements of Rule 4 for the physical pres-ence of a quorum to report a matter, proxy voting shall be allowed on all measures and matters before the committee. However, proxies shall not be voted on a measure or matter except when the absent member has been informed of the matter on which he is being recorded and has affirmatively re-quested that he or she be so recorded. 
RULE 6 —WITNESSES  (a) General.—The Committee on Foreign Relations will consider requests to testify on any matter or measure pending before the committee. (b) Presentation.—If the chairman so deter-mines, the oral presentation of witnesses shall be limited to 10 minutes. However, written statements of reasonable length may be submitted by witnesses and other inter-ested persons who are unable to testify in person. (c) Filing of Statements.—A witness appear-ing before the committee, or any sub-committee thereof, shall submit an elec-tronic copy of the written statement of his proposed testimony at least 24 hours prior to his appearance, unless this requirement is waived by the chairman and the ranking member following their determination that there is good cause for failure to file such a statement. (d) Expenses.—Only the chairman may au-thorize expenditures of funds for the ex-penses of witnesses appearing before the committee or its subcommittees. (e) Requests.—Any witness called for a hearing may submit a written request to the chairman no later than 24 hours in advance for his testimony to be in closed or open ses-sion, or for any other unusual procedure. The chairman shall determine whether to grant any such request and shall notify the com-mittee members of the request and of his de-cision. 
RULE 7 —SUBPOENAS  (a) Authorization.—The chairman or any other member of the committee, when au-thorized by a majority vote of the committee at a meeting or by proxies, shall have au-thority to subpoena the attendance of wit-nesses or the production of memoranda, doc-uments, records, or any other materials. At the request of any member of the committee, the committee shall authorize the issuance of a subpoena only at a meeting of the com-mittee. When the committee authorizes a subpoena, it may be issued upon the signa-ture of the chairman or any other member designated by the committee. (b) Return.—A subpoena, or a request to an agency, for documents may be issued whose return shall occur at a time and place other than that of a scheduled committee meeting. A return on such a subpoena or request which is incomplete or accompanied by an objection constitutes good cause for a hear-ing on shortened notice. Upon such a return, the chairman or any other member des-ignated by him may convene a hearing by giving 4 hours notice by telephone or elec-tronic mail to all other members. One mem-ber shall constitute a quorum for such a hearing. The sole purpose of such a hearing shall be to elucidate further information about the return and to rule on the objec-tion. (c) Depositions.—At the direction of the committee, staff is authorized to take depo-sitions from witnesses. RULE 8 —REPORTS  (a) Filing.—When the committee has or-dered a measure or recommendation re-ported, the report thereon shall be filed in the Senate at the earliest practicable time. (b) Supplemental, Minority and Additional Views.—A member of the committee who gives notice of his intentions to file supple-mental, minority, or additional views at the time of final committee approval of a meas-ure or matter, shall be entitled to not less than 3 calendar days in which to file such views, in writing (including by electronic mail), with the chief clerk of the committee, with the 3 days to begin at 11:00 p.m. on the same day that the committee has ordered a measure or matter reported. Such views shall then be included in the committee re-port and printed in the same volume, as a part thereof, and their inclusion shall be noted on the cover of the report. In the ab-sence of timely notice, the committee report may be filed and printed immediately with-out such views. (c) Roll Call Votes.—The results of all roll call votes taken in any meeting of the com-mittee on any measure, or amendment there-to, shall be announced in the committee re-port. The announcement shall include a tab-ulation of the votes cast in favor and votes cast in opposition to each such measure and amendment by each member of the com-mittee. 
RULE 9 —TREATIES  (a) General.—The committee is the only committee of the Senate with jurisdiction to review and report to the Senate on treaties submitted by the President for Senate advice and consent to ratification. Because the House of Representatives has no role in the approval of treaties, the committee is there-fore the only congressional committee with responsibility for treaties. (b) Committee Proceedings.—Once submitted by the President for advice and consent, each treaty is referred to the committee and re-mains on its calendar from Congress to Con-gress until the committee takes action to re-port it to the Senate or recommend its re-turn to the President, or until the com-mittee is discharged of the treaty by the Senate. (c) Floor Proceedings.—In accordance with Senate Rule XXX.2, treaties which have been reported to the Senate but not acted on be-fore the end of a Congress ‘‘shall be resumed at the commencement of the next Congress as if no proceedings had previously been had thereon.’’ (d) Hearings.—Insofar as possible, the com-mittee should conduct a public hearing on each treaty as soon as possible after its sub-mission by the President. Except in extraor-dinary circumstances, treaties reported to the Senate shall be accompanied by a writ-ten report. 
RULE 10 —NOMINATIONS  (a) Waiting Requirement.—Unless otherwise directed by the chairman and the ranking member, the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions shall not consider any nomination until 5 business days after it has been for-mally submitted to the Senate. (b) Public Consideration.—Nominees for any post who are invited to appear before the committee shall be heard in public session, unless a majority of the committee decrees otherwise, consistent with Rule 3(f). (c) Required Data.—No nomination shall be reported to the Senate unless (1) the nomi-nee has been accorded a security clearance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.052 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES582 February 1, 2017 
on the basis of a thorough investigation by executive branch agencies; (2) the nominee has filed a financial disclosure report and a related ethics undertaking with the com-mittee; (3) the committee has been assured that the nominee does not have any interests which could conflict with the interests of the government in the exercise of the nominee’s proposed responsibilities; (4) for persons nominated to be chief of mission, ambas-sador-at-large, or minister, the committee has received a complete list of any contribu-tions made by the nominee or members of his immediate family to any Federal elec-tion campaign during the year of his or her nomination and for the 4 preceding years; (5) for persons nominated to be chiefs of mis-sion, the report required by Section 304(a)(4) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 on the demonstrated competence of that nominee to perform the duties of the position to which he or she has been nominated; and (6) the nominee has provided the committee with a signed and notarized copy of the com-mittee questionnaire for executive branch nominees. 
RULE 11 —TRAVEL  (a) Foreign Travel.—No member of the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations or its staff shall travel abroad on committee business unless specifically authorized by the chairman, who is required by law to approve vouchers and report expenditures of foreign currencies, and the ranking member. Requests for au-thorization of such travel shall state the purpose and, when completed, a full sub-stantive and financial report shall be filed with the committee within 30 days. This re-port shall be furnished to all members of the committee and shall not be otherwise dis-seminated without authorization of the chairman and the ranking member. Except in extraordinary circumstances, staff travel shall not be approved unless the reporting requirements have been fulfilled for all prior trips. Except for travel that is strictly per-sonal, travel funded by non-U.S. Government sources is subject to the same approval and substantive reporting requirements as U.S. Government-funded travel. In addition, members and staff are reminded to consult the Senate Code of Conduct, and, as appro-priate, the Senate Select Committee on Eth-ics, in the case of travel sponsored by non- U.S. Government sources. Any proposed travel by committee staff for a subcommittee purpose must be approved by the subcommittee chairman and ranking member prior to submission of the request to the chairman and ranking member of the full committee. (b) Domestic Travel.—All official travel in the United States by the committee staff shall be approved in advance by the staff di-rector, or in the case of minority staff, by the minority staff director. (c) Personal Staff Travel.—As a general rule, no more than one member of the personal staff of a member of the committee may travel with that member with the approval of the chairman and the ranking member of the committee. During such travel, the per-sonal staff member shall be considered to be an employee of the committee. (d) PRM Travel.—For the purposes of this rule regarding staff foreign travel, the offi-cially-designated personal representative of the member pursuant to rule 14(b), shall be deemed to have the same rights, duties, and responsibilities as members of the staff of the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
RULE 12 —TRANSCRIPTS AND MATERIALS  
PROVIDED TO THE COMMITTEE  (a) General.—The Committee on Foreign Relations shall keep verbatim transcripts of all committee and subcommittee meetings and hearings and such transcripts shall re-main in the custody of the committee, unless a majority of the committee decides other-wise. Transcripts of public hearings by the committee shall be published unless the chairman, with the concurrence of the rank-ing member, determines otherwise. The committee, through the chief clerk, shall also maintain at least one copy of all materials provided to the committee by the Executive Branch; such copy shall remain in the custody of the committee and be subject to the committee’s rules and procedures, in-cluding those rules and procedures applica-ble to the handling of classified materials. Such transcripts and materials shall be made available to all members of the com-mittee, committee staff, and designated per-sonal representatives of members of the committee, except as otherwise provided in these rules. (b) Classified or Restricted Transcripts or Ma-terials.— (1) The chief clerk of the committee shall have responsibility for the maintenance and security of classified or restricted tran-scripts or materials, and shall ensure that such transcripts or materials are handled in a manner consistent with the requirements of the United States Senate Security Man-ual. (2) A record shall be maintained of each use of classified or restricted transcripts or materials as required by the Senate Security Manual. (3) Classified transcripts or materials may not leave the committee offices, or SVC–217 of the Capitol Visitors Center, except for the purpose of declassification or archiving, con-sistent with these rules. (4) Extreme care shall be exercised to avoid taking notes or quotes from classified tran-scripts or materials. Their contents may not be divulged to any unauthorized person. (5) Subject to any additional restrictions imposed by the chairman with the concur-rence of the ranking member, only the fol-lowing persons are authorized to have access to classified or restricted transcripts or ma-terials: (A) Members and staff of the committee in the committee offices or in SVC–217 of the Capitol Visitors Center; (B) Designated personal representatives of members of the committee, and of the ma-jority and minority leaders, with appropriate security clearances, in the committee offices or in SVC–217 of the Capitol Visitors Center; (C) Senators not members of the com-mittee, by permission of the chairman, in the committee offices or in SVC–217 of the Capitol Visitors Center; and (D) Officials of the executive departments involved in the meeting, hearing, or matter, with authorization of the chairman, in the committee offices or SVC–217 of the Capitol Visitors Center. (6) Any restrictions imposed by the com-mittee upon access to a meeting or hearing of the committee shall also apply to the transcript of such meeting, except by special permission of the chairman and ranking member. (7) In addition to restrictions resulting from the inclusion of any classified informa-tion in the transcript of a committee meet-ing or hearing, members and staff shall not discuss with anyone the proceedings of the committee in closed session or reveal infor-mation conveyed or discussed in such a ses-sion unless that person would have been per-mitted to attend the session itself or is a member or staff of a relevant committee or executive branch agency and possess an ap-propriate security clearance, or unless such communication is specifically authorized by the chairman, the ranking member, or in the case of staff, by the staff director or minor-ity staff director. A record shall be kept of all such authorizations. (c) Declassification.— (1) All noncurrent records of the com-mittee are governed by Rule XI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate and by S. Res. 474 (96th Congress). Any classified transcripts or materials transferred to the National Ar-chives and Records Administration under Rule XI may not be made available for pub-lic use unless they have been subject to de-classification review in accordance with ap-plicable laws or Executive orders. (2) Any transcript or classified committee report, or any portion thereof, may be de-classified, in accordance with applicable laws or Executive orders, sooner than the time pe-riod provided for under S. Res. 474 if: (A) the chairman originates such action, with the concurrence of the ranking mem-ber; (B) the other current members of the com-mittee who participated in such meeting or report have been notified of the proposed de-classification, and have not objected thereto, except that the committee by majority vote may overrule any objections thereby raised to early declassification; and (C) the executive departments that partici-pated in the meeting or originated the classi-fied information have been consulted regard-ing the declassification. RULE 13 —CLASSIFIED INFORMATION  (a) General.—The handling of classified in-formation in the Senate is governed by S. Res. 243 (100th Congress), which established the Office of Senate Security. All handling of classified information by the committee shall be consistent with the procedures set forth in the United States Senate Security Manual issued by the Office of Senate Secu-rity. (b) Security Manager.—The chief clerk is the security manager for the committee. The chief clerk shall be responsible for imple-menting the provisions of the Senate Secu-rity Manual and for serving as the com-mittee liaison to the Office of Senate Secu-rity. The staff director, in consultation with the minority staff director, may appoint an alternate security manager as circumstances warrant. (c) Transportation of Classified Material .— Classified material may only be transported between Senate offices by appropriately cleared staff members who have been specifi-cally authorized to do so by the security manager. (d) Access to Classified Material.—In general, Senators and staff undertake to confine their access to classified information on the basis of a ‘‘need to know’’ such information re-lated to their committee responsibilities. (e) Staff Clearances.—The chairman, or, in the case of minority stag the ranking mem-ber, shall designate the members of the com-mittee staff whose assignments require ac-cess to classified and compartmented infor-mation and shall seek to obtain the requisite security clearances pursuant to Office of Senate Security procedures. (f) PRM Clearances.—For the purposes of this rule regarding security clearances and access to compartmented information, the officially-designated personal representative of the member (PRM) pursuant to rule 14(b), shall be deemed to have the same rights, du-ties, and responsibilities as members of the staff of the Committee on Foreign Relations. (g) Regulations.—The staff director is au-thorized to make such administrative regu-lations as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this rule. 
RULE 14 —STAFF  (a) Responsibilities.— (1) The staff works for the committee as a whole, under the general supervision of the chairman of the committee, and the imme-diate direction of the staff director, except 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.053 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S583 February 1, 2017 
that such part of the staff as is designated minority staff shall be under the general su-pervision of the ranking member and under the immediate direction of the minority staff director. (2) Any member of the committee should feel free to call upon the staff at any time for assistance in connection with committee business. Members of the Senate not mem-bers of the committee who call upon the staff for assistance from time to time should be given assistance subject to the overriding responsibility of the staff to the committee. (3) The staff’s primary responsibility is with respect to bills, resolutions, treaties, and nominations and other matters within the jurisdiction of the committee. In addi-tion to carrying out assignments from the committee and its individual members, the staff has a responsibility to originate sugges-tions for committee or subcommittee consid-eration. The staff also has a responsibility to make suggestions to individual members re-garding matters of special interest to such members. (4) It is part of the staff’s duty to keep itself as well informed as possible in regard to developments affecting foreign relations and national security and in regard to the administration of foreign programs of the United States. Significant trends or develop-ments which might otherwise escape notice should be called to the attention of the com-mittee, or of individual Senators with par-ticular interests. (5) The staff shall pay due regard to the constitutional separation of powers between the Senate and the executive branch. It therefore has a responsibility to help the committee bring to bear an independent, ob-jective judgment of proposals by the execu-tive branch and when appropriate to origi-nate sound proposals of its own. At the same time, the staff shall avoid impinging upon the day-to-day conduct of foreign affairs. (6) In those instances when committee ac-tion requires the expression of minority views, the staff shall assist the minority as fully as the majority to the end that all points of view may be fully considered by members of the committee and of the Sen-ate. The staff shall bear in mind that under our constitutional system it is the responsi-bility of the elected members of the Senate to determine legislative issues in the light of as full and fair a presentation of the facts as the staff may be able to obtain. (b) Personal Representatives of the Member (PRM). —Each Senator on the committee shall be authorized to designate one personal staff member as the member’s personal rep-resentative of the member and designee to the committee (PRM) that shall be deemed to have the same rights, duties, and respon-sibilities as members of the staff of the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations where specifi-cally provided for in these rules. (c) Restrictions.— (1) The staff shall regard its relationship to the committee as a privileged one, in the na-ture of the relationship of a lawyer to a cli-ent. In order to protect this relationship and the mutual confidence which must prevail if the committee-staff relationship is to be a satisfactory and fruitful one, the following criteria shall apply, unless staff has con-sulted with and obtained, as appropriate, the approval of the Senate Ethics Committee and advance permission from the staff direc-tor (or the minority staff director in the case of minority staff): (A) members of the staff shall not be iden-tified with any special interest group in the field of foreign relations or allow their names to be used by any such group; and (B) members of the staff shall not accept public speaking engagements or write for publication in the field of foreign relations. (2) The staff shall not discuss their private conversations with members of the com-mittee without specific advance permission from the Senator or Senators concerned. (3) The staff shall not discuss with anyone the proceedings of the committee in closed session or reveal information conveyed or discussed in such a session unless that per-son would have been permitted to attend the session itself or is a member or staff of a rel-evant committee or executive branch agency and possesses an appropriate security clear-ance, or unless such communication is spe-cifically authorized by the staff director or minority staff director. Unauthorized disclo-sure of information from a closed session or of classified information shall be cause for immediate dismissal and may, in certain cases, be grounds for criminal prosecution. 
RULE 15 —STATUS AND AMENDMENT OF RULES  (a) Status.—In addition to the foregoing, the Committee on Foreign Relations is gov-erned by the Standing Rules of the Senate, which shall take precedence in the event of a clear inconsistency. In addition, the juris-diction and responsibilities of the committee with respect to certain matters, as well as the timing and procedure for their consider-ation in committee, may be governed by statute. (b) Amendment.—These rules may be modi-fied, amended, or repealed by a majority of the committee, provided that a notice in writing (including by electronic mail) of the proposed change has been given to each member at least 72 hours prior to the meet-ing at which action thereon is to be taken. However, rules of the committee which are based upon Senate rules may not be super-seded by committee vote alone. f 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS 
RULES OF PROCEDURE Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the ‘‘Senate Committee on Indian Affairs rules for the 115th Congress’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SENATE COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AF-FAIRS COMMITTEE RULES FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS R
ULES OF PROCEDURE  Rule 1. The Standing Rules of the Senate, Senate Resolution 4, and the provisions of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, as amended by the Legislative Reorganiza-tion Act of 1970, as supplemented by these rules, are adopted as the rules of the Com-mittee to the extent the provisions of such Rules, Resolution, and Acts are applicable to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
MEETING OF THE COMMITTEE  Rule 2. The Committee shall meet on Wednesday/Thursday while the Congress is in session for the purpose of conducting busi-ness, unless for the convenience of the Mem-bers, the Chairman shall set some other day for a meeting. Additional meetings may be called by the Chairman as he may deem nec-essary. 
OPEN HEARINGS AND MEETINGS  Rule 3(a). Hearings and business meetings of the Committee shall be open to the public except when the Chairman by a majority vote orders a closed hearing or meeting. (b). Except as otherwise provided in the Rules of the Senate, a transcript or elec-tronic recording shall be kept of each hear-ing and business meeting of the Committee. HEARING PROCEDURE  Rule 4(a). Public notice, including notice to Members of the Committee, shall be given of the date, place and subject matter of any heating to be held by the Committee at least one week in advance of such hearing unless the Chairman of the Committee, with the concurrence of the Vice Chairman, deter-mines that holding the hearing would be non-controversial or that special cir-cumstances require expedited procedures and a majority of the Committee Members at-tending concurs. In no case shall a hearing be conducted with less than 24 hours’ notice. (b). Each witness who is to appear before the Committee shall submit his or her testi-mony by way of electronic mail, at least 48 hours in advance of a hearing, in a format determined by the Committee and sent to an electronic mail address specified by the Com-mittee. (c). Each Member shall be limited to five (5) minutes of questioning of any witness until such time as all Members attending who so desire have had an opportunity to question the witness unless the Committee shall decide otherwise. 
BUSINESS MEETING AGENDA  Rule 5(a). A legislative measure or subject shall be included in the agenda of the next following business meeting of the Committee if a written request by a Member for consid-eration of such measure or subject has been filed with the Chairman of the Committee at least one week prior to such meeting. Noth-ing in this rule shall be construed to limit the authority of the Chairman of the Com-mittee to include legislative measures or subjects on the Committee agenda in the ab-sence of such request. (b). Any bill, resolution, or other matter to be considered by the Committee at a busi-ness meeting shall be filed with the Clerk of the Committee. Notice of, and the agenda for, any business meeting of the Committee, and a copy of any bill, resolution, or other matter to be considered at the meeting, shall be provided to each Member and made avail-able to the public at least three days prior to such meeting, and no new items may be added after the agenda is published except by the approval of a majority of the Members of the Committee. The notice and agenda of any business meeting may be provided to the Members by electronic mail, provided that a paper copy will be provided to any Member upon request. The Clerk shall promptly no-tify absent Members of any action taken by the Committee on matters not included in the published agenda. (c). Any amendment(s) to any bill or reso-lution to be considered shall be filed with the Clerk not less than 48 hours in advance. This rule may be waived by the Chairman with the concurrence of the Vice Chairman. 
QUORUM  Rule 6(a). Except as provided in subsection (b), a majority of the Members shall con-stitute a quorum for the transaction of busi-ness of the Committee. Except as provided in Senate Rule XXVI 7(a), a quorum is pre-sumed to be present unless the absence of a quorum is noted by a Member. (b). One Member shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of conducting a hearing or taking testimony on any measure or matter before the Committee. 
VOTING  Rule 7(a). A recorded vote of the Members shall be taken upon the request of any Mem-ber. (b). A measure may be reported without a recorded vote from the Committee unless an objection is made by a Member, in which case a recorded vote by the Members shall be required. A Member shall have the right to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.054 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES584 February 1, 2017 
have his or her additional views included in the Committee report in accordance with Senate Rule XXVI 10. (c). A Committee vote to report a measure to the Senate shall also authorize the staff of the Committee to make necessary technical and conforming changes to the measure. (d). Proxy voting shall be permitted on all matters, except that proxies may not be counted for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum. Unless further limited, a proxy shall be exercised only for the date for which it is given and upon the terms pub-lished in the agenda for that date. 
SWORN TESTIMONY AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  Rule 8(a). Witnesses in Committee hear-ings may be required to give testimony under oath whenever the Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Committee deems it to be necessary. (b). At any hearing to confirm a Presi-dential nomination, the testimony of the nominee, and at the request of any Member, any other witness shall be under oath. Every nominee shall submit a financial statement, on forms to be perfected by the Committee, which shall be sworn to by the nominee as to its completeness and accuracy. All such statements shall be made public by the Com-mittee unless the Committee, in executive session, determines that special cir-cumstances require a full or partial excep-tion to this rule. (c). Members of the Committee are urged to make public a complete disclosure of their financial interests on forms to be perfected by the Committee in the manner required in the case of Presidential nominees. 
CONFIDENTIAL TESTIMONY  Rule 9. No confidential testimony taken by, or confidential material presented to the Committee or any report of the proceedings of a closed Committee hearing or business meeting shall be made public in whole or in part, or by way of summary, unless author-ized by a majority of the Members of the Committee at a business meeting called for the purpose of making such a determination. 
DEFAMATORY STATEMENTS  Rule 10. Any person whose name is men-tioned or who is specifically identified in, or who believes that testimony or other evi-dence presented at, an open Committee hear-ing tends to defame him or her or otherwise adversely affect his or her reputation may file with the Committee for its consideration and action a sworn statement of facts rel-evant to such testimony of evidence. 
BROADCASTING OF HEARINGS OR MEETINGS  Rule 11. Any meeting or hearing by the Committee which is open to the public may be covered in whole or in part by television, Internet, radio broadcast, or still photog-raphy. Photographers and reporters using mechanical recording, filming, or broad-casting devices shall position their equip-ment so as not to interfere with the sight, vision, and hearing of Members and staff on the dais or with the orderly process of the meeting or hearing. 
AUTHORIZING SUBPOENAS  Rule 12. The Chairman may, with the agreement of the Vice Chairman, or the Committee may, by majority vote, authorize the issuance of subpoenas. 
AMENDING THE RULES  Rule 13. These rules may be amended only by a vote of a majority of all the Members of the Committee in a business meeting of the Committee: Provided, that no vote may be taken on any proposed amendment unless such amendment is reproduced in full in the Committee agenda for such meeting at least seven (7) days in advance of such meeting. COMMITIEE ON HOMELAND SECU-RITY AND GOVERNMENTAL AF-FAIRS 
RULES OF PROCEDURE Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate requires each com-mittee to adopt rules to govern the procedure of the Committee and to publish those rules in the Congres-sional Record not later than March 1 of the first year of each Congress. Today the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs adopted committee rules of procedure. Consistent with Standing Rule XXVI, I ask unanimous consent to have a copy of the rules of procedure of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RULES OF PROCEDURE OF THE COM-MITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURIT GOV-ERNMENTAL AFFAIRS P
URSUANT TO RULEXXVI, S EC. 2, S TANDING  R
ULES OF THE SENATE  
RULE 1 . MEETINGS AND MEETING PROCEDURES  
OTHER THAN HEARINGS  A. Meeting dates. The Committee shall hold its regular meetings on the first Wednesday of each month, when the Con-gress is in session, or at such other times as the Chairman shall determine. Additional meetings may be called by the Chairman as he/she deems necessary to expedite Com-mittee business. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 3, Stand-ing Rules of the Senate.) B. Calling special Committee meetings. If at least three Members of the Committee de-sire the Chairman to call a special meeting, they may file in the offices of the Committee a written request therefor, addressed to the Chairman. Immediately thereafter, the clerk of the Committee shall notify the Chairman of such request. If, within 3 calendar days after the filing of such request, the Chair-man fails to call the requested special meet-ing, which is to be held within 7 calendar days after the filing of such request, a major-ity of the Committee Members may file in the offices of the Committee their written notice that a special Committee meeting will be held, specifying the date and hour thereof, and the Committee shall meet on that date and hour. Immediately upon the filing of such notice, the Committee chief clerk shall notify all Committee Members that such special meeting will be held and inform them of its date and hour. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 3, Standing Rules of the Senate.) C. Meeting notices and agenda. Written no-tices of Committee meetings, accompanied by an agenda, enumerating the items of busi-ness to be considered, shall be sent to all Committee Members at least 5 days in ad-vance of such meetings, excluding Satur-days, Sundays, and legal holidays in which the Senate is not in session. The written no-tices required by this Rule may be provided by electronic mail. In the event that unfore-seen requirements or Committee business prevent a 5–day notice of either the meeting or agenda, the Committee staff shall commu-nicate such notice and agenda, or any revi-sions to the agenda, as soon as practicable by telephone or otherwise to Members or ap-propriate staff assistants in their offices. D. Open business meetings. Meetings for the transaction of Committee or Sub-committee business shall be conducted in open session, except that a meeting or series of meetings on the same subject for a period of no more than 14 calendar days may be closed to the public on a motion made and seconded to go into closed session to discuss only whether the matters enumerated in clauses (1) through (6) below would require the meeting to be closed, followed imme-diately by a record vote in open session by a majority of the Committee or Subcommittee Members when it is determined that the matters to be discussed or the testimony to be taken at such meeting or meetings— (1) will disclose matters necessary to be kept secret in the interests of national de-fense or the confidential conduct of foreign relations of the United States; (2) will relate solely to matters of Com-mittee or Subcommittee staff personnel or internal staff management or procedure; (3) will tend to charge an individual with crime or misconduct, to disgrace or injure the professional standing of an individual, or otherwise expose an individual to public con-tempt or obloquy or will represent a clearly unwarranted invasion of the privacy of an in-dividual; (4) will disclose the identity of an informer or law enforcement agent or will disclose any information relating to the investiga-tion or prosecution of a criminal offense that is required to be kept secret in the interests of effective law enforcement; (5) will disclose information relating to the trade secrets of financial or commercial in-formation pertaining specifically to a given person if— (A) an Act of Congress requires the infor-mation to be kept confidential by Govern-ment officers and employees; or (B) the information has been obtained by the Government on a confidential basis, other than through an application by such person for a specific Government financial or other benefit, and is required to be kept se-cret in order to prevent undue injury to the competitive position of such person; or (6) may divulge matters required to be kept confidential under other provisions of law or Government regulations. (Rule X.XVI, Sec. 5(b), Standing Rules of the Senate.) Not-withstanding the foregoing, whenever dis-order arises during a Committee or Sub-committee meeting that is open to the pub-lic, or any demonstration of approval or dis-approval is indulged in by any person in at-tendance at any such meeting, it shall be the duty of the Chairman to enforce order on his or her own initiative and without any point of order being made by a Member of the Committee or Subcommittee; provided, fur-ther, that when the Chairman finds it nec-essary to maintain order, he/she shall have the power to clear the room, and the Com-mittee or Subcommittee may act in closed session for so long as there is doubt of the as-surance of order. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 5(d), Standing Rules of the Senate.) E. Prior notice of first degree amendments. It shall not be in order for the Committee, or a Subcommittee thereof, to consider any amendment in the first degree proposed to any measure under consideration by the Committee or Subcommittee unless a writ-ten copy of such amendment has been deliv-ered to each Member of the Committee or Subcommittee, as the case may be, and to the office of the Committee or Sub-committee, by no later than 4:00 p.m. two days before the meeting of the Committee or Subcommittee at which the amendment is to be proposed, and, in the case of a first degree amendment in the nature of a substitute pro-posed by the manager of the measure, by no later than 5:00 p.m. five days before the meeting. The written copy of amendments in the first degree required by this Rule may be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.055 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S585 February 1, 2017 
provided by electronic mail. This subsection may be waived by a majority of the Members present, or by consent of the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or Subcommittee. This subsection shall apply only when at least 120 hours written notice of a session to mark-up a measure is provided to the Committee or Sub-committee. F. Meeting transcript. The Committee or Subcommittee shall prepare and keep a com-plete transcript or electronic recording ade-quate to fully record the proceeding of each meeting whether or not such meeting or any part thereof is closed to the public, unless a majority of the Committee or Subcommittee Members vote to forgo such a record. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 5(e), Standing Rules of the Sen-ate.) 
RULE 2 . QUORUMS  A. Reporting measures and matters. A ma-jority of the Members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum for reporting to the Senate any measures, matters or rec-ommendations. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 7(a)(1), Standing Rules of the Senate.) B. Transaction of routine business. One- third of the membership of the Committee shall constitute a quorum for the trans-action of routine business, provided that one Member of the Minority is present. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term ‘‘routine business’’ includes the convening of a meet-ing and the consideration of any business of the Committee other than reporting to the Senate any measures, matters or rec-ommendations. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 7(a)(1), Standing Rules of the Senate.) C. Taking testimony. One Member of the Committee shall constitute a quorum for taking sworn or unsworn testimony. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 7(a)(2) and 7(c)(2), Standing Rules of the Senate.) D. Subcommittee quorums. Subject to the provisions of sections 7(a)(1) and (2) of Rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate, the Subcommittees of this Committee are authorized to establish their own quorums for the transaction of business and the tak-ing of sworn testimony. E. Proxies prohibited in establishment of quorum. Proxies shall not be considered for the establishment of a quorum. 
RULE 3 . VOTING  A. Quorum required. Subject to the provi-sions of subsection (E), no vote may be taken by the Committee, or any Subcommittee thereof, on any measure or matter unless a quorum, as prescribed in the preceding sec-tion, is actually present. B. Reporting measures and matters. No measure, matter or recommendation shall be reported from the Committee unless a ma-jority of the Committee Members are actu-ally present, and the vote of the Committee to report a measure or matter shall require the concurrence of a majority of those Mem-bers who are actually present at the time the vote is taken. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 7(a)(1) and (3), Standing Rules of the Senate.) C. Proxy voting. Proxy voting shall be al-lowed on all measures and matters before the Committee, or any Subcommittee thereof, except that, when the Committee, or any Subcommittee thereof, is voting to report a measure or matter, proxy votes shall be al-lowed solely for the purposes of recording a Member’s position on the pending question. Proxy voting shall be allowed only if the ab-sent Committee or Subcommittee Member has been informed of the matter on which he or she is being recorded and has affirma-tively requested that he or she be so re-corded. All proxies shall be filed with the chief clerk of the Committee or Sub-committee thereof, as the case may be. All proxies shall be in writing and shall contain sufficient reference to the pending matter as is necessary to identify it and to inform the Committee or Subcommittee as to how the Member establishes his or her vote to be re-corded thereon. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 7(a)(3) and 7(c)(1), Standing Rules of the Senate.) D. Announcement of vote. (1) Whenever the Committee by roll call vote reports any measure or matter, the report of the Com-mittee upon such a measure or matter shall include a tabulation of the votes cast in favor of and the votes cast in opposition to such measure or matter by each Member of the Committee. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 7(c), Stand-ing Rules of the Senate.) (2) Whenever the Committee by roll call vote acts upon any measure or amendment thereto, other than reporting a measure or matter, the results thereof shall be an-nounced in the Committee report on that measure unless previously announced by the Committee, and such announcement shall in-clude a tabulation of the votes cast in favor of and the votes cast in opposition to each such measure and amendment thereto by each Member of the Committee who was present at the meeting. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 7(b), Standing Rules of the Senate.) (3) In any case in which a roll call vote is announced, the tabulation of votes shall state separately the proxy vote recorded in favor of and in opposition to that measure, amendment thereto, or matter. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 7(b) and (c), Standing Rules of the Sen-ate.) E. Polling. (1) The Committee, or any Sub-committee thereof, may poll (a) internal Committee or Subcommittee matters includ-ing the Committee’s or Subcommittee’s staff, records and budget; (b) steps in an in-vestigation, including issuance of subpoenas, applications for immunity orders, and re-quests for documents from agencies; and (c) other Committee or Subcommittee business other than a vote on reporting to the Senate any measures, matters or recommendations or a vote on closing a meeting or hearing to the public. (2) Only the Chairman, or a Committee Member or staff officer designated by him/ her, may undertake any poll of the Members of the Committee. If any Member requests, any matter to be polled shall be held for meeting rather than being polled. The chief clerk of the Committee shall keep a record of polls; if a majority of the Members of the Committee determine that the polled matter is in one of the areas enumerated in sub-section (D) of Rule 1, the record of the poll shall be confidential. Any Committee Mem-ber may move at the Committee meeting fol-lowing the poll for a vote on the polled deci-sion, such motion and vote to be subject to the provisions of subsection (D) of Rule 1, where applicable. F. Naming postal facilities. The Com-mittee will not consider any legislation that would name a postal facility for a living per-son with the exception of bills naming facili-ties after former Presidents and Vice Presi-dents of the United States, former Members of Congress over 70 years of age, former State or local elected officials over 70 years of age, former judges over 70 years of age, or wounded veterans. G. Technical and conforming changes. A Committee vote to report a measure to the Senate shall also authorize the Committee Chairman and Ranking Member by mutual agreement to make any required technical and conforming changes to the measure. 
RULE 4 . CHAIRMANSHIP OF MEETINGS AND  
HEARINGS  The Chairman shall preside at all Com-mittee meetings and hearings except that he or she shall designate a temporary Chairman to act in his or her place if he or she is un-able to be present at a scheduled meeting or hearing. If the Chairman (or his or her des-ignee) is absent 10 minutes after the sched-uled time set for a meeting or hearing, the Ranking Majority Member present shall pre-side until the Chairman’s arrival. If there is no Member of the Majority present, the Ranking Minority Member present, with the prior approval of the Chairman, may open and conduct the meeting or hearing until such time as a Member of the Majority ar-rives. RULE 5 . HEARINGS AND HEARING PROCEDURES  A. Announcement of hearings. The Com-mittee, or any Subcommittee thereof, shall make public announcement of the date, time, and subject matter of any hearing to be conducted on any measure or matter at least 5 days in advance of such hearing, ex-cluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holi-days in which the Senate is not in session, unless the Committee, or Subcommittee, de-termines that there is good cause to begin such hearing at an earlier date. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 4(a), Standing Rules of the Senate.) B. Open hearings. Each hearing conducted by the Committee, or any Subcommittee thereof, shall be open to the public, except that a hearing or series of hearings on the same subject for a period of no more than 14 calendar days may be closed to the public on a motion made and seconded to go into closed session to discuss only whether the matters enumerated in clauses (1) through (6) below would require the hearing to be closed, followed immediately by a record vote in open session by a majority of the Committee or Subcommittee Members when it is determined that the matters to be dis-cussed or the testimony to be taken at such hearing or hearings— (1) will disclose matters necessary to be kept secret in the interests of national de-fense or the confidential conduct of foreign relations of the United States; (2) will relate solely to matters of Com-mittee or Subcommittee staff personnel or internal staff management or procedure; (3) will tend to charge an individual with crime or misconduct, to disgrace or injure the professional standing of an individual, or otherwise expose an individual to public con-tempt or obloquy or will represent a clearly unwarranted invasion of the privacy of an in-dividual; (4) will disclose the identity of an informer or law enforcement agent or will disclose any information relating to the investiga-tion or prosecution of a criminal offense that is required to be kept secret in the interests of effective law enforcement; (5) will disclose information relating to the trade secrets of financial or commercial in-formation pertaining specifically to a given person if— (A) an Act of Congress requires the infor-mation to be kept confidential by Govern-ment officers and employees; or (B) the information has been obtained by the Government on a confidential basis, other than through an application by such person for a specific Government financial or other benefit, and is required to be kept se-cret in order to prevent undue injury to the competitive position of such person; or (6) may divulge matters required to be kept confidential under other provisions of law or Government regulations. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 5(b), Standing Rules of the Senate.) Notwithstanding the foregoing, whenever disorder arises during a Committee or Sub-committee meeting that is open to the pub-lic, or any demonstration of approval or dis-approval is indulged in by any person in at-tendance at any such meeting, it shall be the duty of the Chairman to enforce order on his or her own initiative and without any point 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.059 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES586 February 1, 2017 
of order being made by a Member of the Committee or Subcommittee; provided, fur-ther, that when the Chairman finds it nec-essary to maintain order, he or she shall have the power to clear the room, and the Committee or Subcommittee may act in closed session for so long as there is doubt of the assurance of order. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 5(d), Standing Rules of the Senate.) C. Full Committee subpoenas. The Chair-man, with the approval of the Ranking Mi-nority Member of the Committee, is author-ized to subpoena the attendance of witnesses at a hearing or deposition or the production of memoranda, documents, records, or any other materials. The Chairman may sub-poena attendance or production without the approval of the Ranking Minority Member where the Chairman has not received a letter of disapproval signed by the Ranking Minor-ity Member within 72 hours, excluding Sat-urdays, Sundays, and legal holidays in which the Senate is not in session, of the Ranking Minority Member’s receipt of a letter signed by the Chairman providing notice of the Chairman’s intent to issue a subpoena, in-cluding an identification of all individuals and items sought to be subpoenaed. Delivery and receipt of the signed notice and signed disapproval letters and any additional com-munications related to the subpoena may be carried out by staff officers of the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member, and may occur through electronic mail. If a subpoena is disapproved by the Ranking Minority Member as provided in this subsection, the subpoena may be authorized by vote of the Members of the Committee. When the Com-mittee or Chairman authorizes subpoenas, subpoenas may be issued upon the signature of the Chairman or any other Member of the Committee designated by the Chairman. D. Witness counsel. Counsel retained by any witness and accompanying such witness shall be permitted to be present during the testimony of such witness at any public or executive hearing or deposition to advise such witness while he or she is testifying, of his or her legal rights; provided, however, that in the case of any witness who is an offi-cer or employee of the Government, or of a corporation or association, the Committee Chairman may rule that representation by counsel from the Government, corporation, or association or by counsel representing other witnesses, creates a conflict of inter-est, and that the witness may only be rep-resented during interrogation by staff or during testimony before the Committee by personal counsel not from the Government, corporation, or association or by personal counsel not representing other witnesses. This subsection shall not be construed to ex-cuse a witness from testifying in the event his or her counsel is ejected for conducting himself or herself in such manner so as to prevent, impede, disrupt, obstruct or inter-fere with the orderly administration of the hearings; nor shall this subsection be con-strued as authorizing counsel to coach the witness or answer for the witness. The fail-ure of any witness to secure counsel shall not excuse such witness from complying with a subpoena or deposition notice. E. Witness transcripts. An accurate elec-tronic or stenographic record shall be kept of the testimony of all witnesses in executive and public hearings. The record of his or her testimony whether in public or executive session shall be made available for inspec-tion by the witness or his or her counsel under Committee supervision; a copy of any testimony given in public session or that part of the testimony given by the witness in executive session and subsequently quoted or made part of the record in a public session shall be provided to any witness at his or her expense if he or she so requests. Upon in-specting his or her transcript, within a time limit set by the chief clerk of the Com-mittee, a witness may request changes in the transcript to correct errors of transcription and grammatical errors; the Chairman or a staff officer designated by him/her shall rule on such requests. F. Impugned persons. Any person whose name is mentioned or is specifically identi-fied, and who believes that evidence pre-sented, or comment made by a Member of the Committee or staff officer, at a public hearing or at a closed hearing concerning which there have been public reports, tends to impugn his or her character or adversely affect his or her reputation may: (a) File a sworn statement of facts relevant to the evidence or comment, which state-ment shall be considered for placement in the hearing record by the Committee; (b) Request the opportunity to appear per-sonally before the Committee to testify in his or her own behalf, which request shall be considered by the Committee; and (c) Submit questions in writing which he or she requests be used for the cross-exam-ination of other witnesses called by the Com-mittee, which questions shall be considered for use by the Committee. G. Radio, television, and photography. The Committee, or any Subcommittee thereof, may permit the proceedings of hearings which are open to the public to be photo-graphed and broadcast by radio, television or both, subject to such conditions as the Com-mittee, or Subcommittee, may impose. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 5(c), Standing Rules of the Sen-ate.) H. Advance statements of witnesses. A wit-ness appearing before the Committee, or any Subcommittee thereof, shall provide elec-tronically a written statement of his or her proposed testimony at least 48 hours prior to his or her appearance. This requirement may be waived by the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member following their determina-tion that there is good cause for failure of compliance. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 4(b), Standing Rules of the Senate.) I. Minority witnesses. In any hearings con-ducted by the Committee, or any Sub-committee thereof, the Minority Members of the Committee or Subcommittee shall be en-titled, upon request to the Chairman by a majority of the Minority Members, to call witnesses of their selection during at least 1 day of such hearings. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 4(d), Standing Rules of the Senate.) J. Swearing in witnesses. In any hearings conducted by the Committee, the Chairman or his or her designee may swear in each wit-ness prior to their testimony. K. Full Committee depositions. Deposi-tions may be taken prior to or after a hear-ing as provided in this subsection. (1) Notices for the taking of depositions shall be authorized and issued by the Chair-man, with the approval of the Ranking Mi-nority Member of the Committee. The Chair-man may initiate depositions without the approval of the Ranking Minority Member where the Chairman has not received a letter of disapproval of the deposition signed by the Ranking Minority Member within 72 hours, excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays in which the Senate is not in ses-sion, of the Ranking Minority Member’s re-ceipt of a letter signed by the Chairman pro-viding notice of the Chairman’s intent to issue a deposition notice, including identi-fication of all individuals sought to be de-posed. Delivery and receipt of the signed no-tice and signed disapproval letter and any additional communications related to the deposition may be carried out by staff offi-cers of the Chairman and Ranking Member, and may occur through electronic mail. If a deposition notice is disapproved by the Ranking Minority Member as provided in this subsection, the deposition notice may be authorized by a vote of the Members of the Committee. Committee deposition notices shall specify a time and place for examina-tion, and the name of the Committee Mem-ber or Members or staff officer or officers who will take the deposition. Unless other-wise specified, the deposition shall be in pri-vate. The Committee shall not initiate pro-cedures leading to criminal or civil enforce-ment proceedings for a witness’ failure to ap-pear or produce unless the deposition notice was accompanied by a Committee subpoena. (2) Witnesses may be accompanied at a deposition by counsel to advise them of their legal rights, subject to the provisions of Rule 5D. (3) Oaths at depositions may be adminis-tered by an individual authorized by local law to administer oaths. Questions shall be propounded orally by a Committee Member or Members or staff. If a witness objects to a question and refuses to testify, the objection shall be noted for the record and the Com-mittee Member or Members or staff may pro-ceed with the remainder of the deposition. (4) The Committee shall see that the testi-mony is transcribed or electronically re-corded (which may include audio or audio/ video recordings). If it is transcribed, the transcript shall be made available for inspec-tion by the witness or his or her counsel under Committee supervision. The witness shall sign a copy of the transcript and may request changes to it, which shall be handled in accordance with the procedure set forth in subsection (E). If the witness fails to sign a copy, the staff shall note that fact on the transcript. The individual administering the oath shall certify on the transcript that the witness was duly sworn in his or her pres-ence, the transcriber shall certify that the transcript is a true record of the testimony, and the transcript shall then be filed with the chief clerk of the Committee. The Chair-man or a staff officer designated by him/her may stipulate with the witness to changes in the procedure; deviations from this proce-dure which do not substantially impair the reliability of the record shall not relieve the witness from his or her obligation to testify truthfully. 
RULE 6 . COMMITTEE REPORTING PROCEDURES  A. Timely filing. When the Committee has ordered a measure or matter reported, fol-lowing final action, the report thereon shall be filed in the Senate at the earliest prac-ticable time. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 10(b), Stand-ing Rules of the Senate.) B. Supplemental, Minority, and additional views. A Member of the Committee who gives notice of his or her intention to file supplemental, Minority, or additional views at the time of final Committee approval of a measure or matter shall be entitled to not less than 3 calendar days in which to file such views, in writing, with the chief clerk of the Committee. Such views shall then be included in the Committee report and print-ed in the same volume, as a part thereof, and their inclusion shall be noted on the cover of the report. In the absence of timely notice, the Committee report may be filed and printed immediately without such views. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 10(c), Standing Rules of the Senate.) C. Notice by Subcommittee Chairmen. The Chairman of each Subcommittee shall notify the Chairman in writing whenever any meas-ure has been ordered reported by such Sub-committee and is ready for consideration by the full Committee. D. Draft reports of Subcommittees. All draft reports prepared by Subcommittees of this Committee on any measure or matter referred to it by the Chairman shall be in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.060 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S587 February 1, 2017 
form, style, and arrangement required to conform to the applicable provisions of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and shall be in accordance with the established practices followed by the Committee. Upon completion of such draft reports, copies thereof shall be filed with the chief clerk of the Committee at the earliest practicable time. E. Impact statements in reports. All Com-mittee reports, accompanying a bill or joint resolution of a public character reported by the Committee, shall contain (1) an esti-mate, made by the Committee, of the costs which would be incurred in carrying out the legislation for the then current fiscal year and for each of the next 5 years thereafter (or for the authorized duration of the pro-posed legislation, if less than 5 years); and (2) a comparison of such cost estimates with any made by a Federal agency; or (3) in lieu of such estimate or comparison, or both, a statement of the reasons for failure by the Committee to comply with these require-ments as impracticable, in the event of in-ability to comply therewith. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 11(a), Standing Rules of the Senate.) Each such report shall also contain an evaluation, made by the Committee, of the regulatory impact which would be incurred in carrying out the bill or joint resolution. The evaluation shall include (a) an estimate of the numbers of individuals and businesses who would be regulated and a determination of the groups and classes of such individuals and businesses, (b) a determination of the economic impact of such regulation on the individuals, consumers, and businesses af-fected, (c) a determination of the impact on the personal privacy of the individuals af-fected, and (d) a determination of the amount of paperwork that will result from the regulations to be promulgated pursuant to the bill or joint resolution, which deter-mination may include, but need not be lim-ited to, estimates of the amount of time and financial costs required of affected parties, showing whether the effects of the bill or joint resolution could be substantial, as well as reasonable estimates of the recordkeeping requirements that may be associated with the bill or joint resolution. Or, in lieu of the forgoing evaluation, the report shall include a statement of the reasons for failure by the Committee to comply with these require-ments as impracticable, in the event of in-ability to comply therewith. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 11(b), Standing Rules of the Senate.) 
RULE 7 . SUBCOMMITTEES AND SUBCOMMITTEE  
PROCEDURES  A. Regularly established Subcommittees. The Committee shall have three regularly established Subcommittees. The Subcommit-tees are as follows: Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations Subcommittee on Federal Spending Over-sight and Emergency Management Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management B. Ad hoc Subcommittees. Following con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber, the Chairman shall, from time to time, establish such ad hoc Subcommittees as he/ she deems necessary to expedite Committee business. C. Subcommittee membership. Following consultation with the Majority Members, and the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee, the Chairman shall announce se-lections for membership on the Subcommit-tees referred to in paragraphs A and B, above. (1) The Chairman and Ranking Minority Member shall serve as nonvoting ex officio members of the subcommittees on which they do not serve as voting members. (2) Any Member of the Committee may at-tend hearings held by any subcommittee and question witnesses testifying before that Subcommittee, subject to the approval of the Subcommittee Chairman and Ranking Member. D. Subcommittee meetings and hearings. Each Subcommittee of this Committee is au-thorized to establish meeting dates and adopt rules not inconsistent with the rules of the Committee except as provided in Rules 2(D) and 7(E). E. Subcommittee subpoenas Each Sub-committee is authorized to adopt rules con-cerning subpoenas which need not be con-sistent with the rules of the Committee; pro-vided, however, that in the event the Sub-committee authorizes the issuance of a sub-poena pursuant to its own rules, a written notice of intent to issue the subpoena shall be provided to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee, or staff officers designated by them, by the Sub-committee Chairman or a staff officer des-ignated by him/her immediately upon such authorization, and no subpoena shall be issued for at least 48 hours, excluding Satur-days and Sundays, from delivery to the ap-propriate offices, unless the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member waive the 48–hour waiting period or unless the Subcommittee Chairman certifies in writing to the Chair-man and Ranking Minority Member that, in his or her opinion, it is necessary to issue a subpoena immediately. F. Subcommittee budgets. During the first year of a new Congress, each Subcommittee that requires authorization for the expendi-ture of funds for the conduct of inquiries and investigations, shall file with the chief clerk of the Committee, by a date and time pre-scribed by the Chairman, its request for funds for the two (2) 12-month periods begin-ning on March 1 and extending through and including the last day of February of the 2 following years, which years comprise that Congress. Each such request shall be sub-mitted on the budget form prescribed by the Committee on Rules and Administration, and shall be accompanied by a written jus-tification addressed to the Chairman of the Committee, which shall include (1) a state-ment of the Subcommittee’s area of activi-ties, (2) its accomplishments during the pre-ceding Congress detailed year by year, and (3) a table showing a comparison between (a) the funds authorized for expenditure during the preceding Congress detailed year by year, (b) the funds actually expended during that Congress detailed year by year, (c) the amount requested for each year of the Con-gress, and (d) the number of professional and clerical staff members and consultants em-ployed by the Subcommittee during the pre-ceding Congress detailed year by year and the number of such personnel requested for each year of the Congress. The Chairman may request additional reports from the Subcommittees regarding their activities and budgets at any time during a Congress. (Rule XXVI, Sec. 9, Standing Rules of the Senate.) 
RULE 8 . CONFIRMATION STANDARDS AND  
PROCEDURES  A. Standards. In considering a nomination, the Committee shall inquire into the nomi-nee’s experience, qualifications, suitability, and integrity to serve in the position to which he or she has been nominated. The Committee shall recommend confirmation, upon finding that the nominee has the nec-essary integrity and is affirmatively quali-fied by reason of training, education, or ex-perience to carry out the functions of the of-fice to which he or she was nominated. B. Information concerning the Nominee. Each nominee shall submit the following in-formation to the Committee: (1) A detailed biographical resume which contains information relating to education, employment, and achievements; (2) Financial information, in such speci-ficity as the Committee deems necessary, in-cluding a list of assets and liabilities of the nominee and tax returns for the 3 years pre-ceding the time of his or her nomination, and copies of other relevant documents re-quested by the Committee, such as a pro-posed blind trust agreement, necessary for the Committee’s consideration; and, (3) Copies of other relevant documents the Committee may request, such as responses to questions concerning the policies and pro-grams the nominee intends to pursue upon taking office. At the request of the Chairman or the Ranking Minority Member, a nominee shall be required to submit a certified finan-cial statement compiled by an independent auditor. Information received pursuant to this subsection shall be made available for public inspection; provided, however, that tax returns shall, after review by persons designated in subsection (C) of this rule, be placed under seal to ensure confidentiality. C. Procedures for Committee inquiry. The Committee shall conduct an inquiry into the experience, qualifications, suitability, and integrity of nominees, and shall give par-ticular attention to the following matters: (1) A review of the biographical informa-tion provided by the nominee, including, but not limited to, any professional activities re-lated to the duties of the office to which he or she is nominated; (2) A review of the financial information provided by the nominee, including tax re-turns for the 3 years preceding the time of his or her nomination; (3) A review of any actions, taken or pro-posed by the nominee, to remedy conflicts of interest; and (4) A review of any personal or legal mat-ter which may bear upon the nominee’s qualifications for the office to which he or she is nominated. For the purpose of assist-ing the Committee in the conduct of this in-quiry, a Majority investigator or investiga-tors shall be designated by the Chairman and a Minority investigator or investigators shall be designated by the Ranking Minority Member. The Chairman, Ranking Minority Member, other Members of the Committee, and designated investigators shall have ac-cess to all investigative reports on nominees prepared by any Federal agency, except that only the Chairman, the Ranking Minority Member, or other Members of the Com-mittee, upon request, shall have access to the report of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation. The Committee may request the as-sistance of the U.S. Government Account-ability Office and any other such expert opinion as may be necessary in conducting its review of information provided by nomi-nees. D. Report on the Nominee. After a review of all information pertinent to the nomina-tion, a confidential report on the nominee shall be made in the case of judicial nomi-nees and may be made in the case of non-ju-dicial nominees by the designated investiga-tors to the Chairman and the Ranking Mi-nority Member and, upon request, to any other Member of the Committee. The report shall summarize the steps taken by the Com-mittee during its investigation of the nomi-nee and the results of the Committee in-quiry, including any unresolved matters that have been raised during the course of the in-quiry. E. Hearings. The Committee shall conduct a public hearing during which the nominee shall be called to testify under oath on all matters relating to his or her suitability for office, including the policies and programs which he or she will pursue while in that po-sition. No hearing shall be held until at least 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.061 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES588 February 1, 2017 
72 hours after the following events have oc-curred: The nominee has responded to pre-hearing questions submitted by the Com-mittee; and, if applicable, the report de-scribed in subsection (D) has been made to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Mem-ber, and is available to other Members of the Committee, upon request. F. Action on confirmation. A mark-up on a nomination shall not occur on the same day that the hearing on the nominee is held. In order to assist the Committee in reaching a recommendation on confirmation, the staff may make an oral presentation to the Com-mittee at the mark-up, factually summa-rizing the nominee’s background and the steps taken during the pre-hearing inquiry. G. Application. The procedures contained in subsections (C), (D), (E), and (F) of this rule shall apply to persons nominated by the President to positions requiring their full- time service. At the discretion of the Chair-man and Ranking Minority Member, those procedures may apply to persons nominated by the President to serve on a part-time basis. 
RULE 9 . PERSONNEL ACTIONS AFFECTING  
COMMITTEE STAFF  In accordance with Rule XLII of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate and the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 (P.L. 104–1), all personnel actions affecting the staff of the Committee shall be made free from any discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, state of physical handicap, or disability. 
RULE 10 . APPRISAL OF COMMITTEE BUSINESS  The Chairman and Ranking Minority Mem-ber shall keep each other apprised of hear-ings, investigations, and other Committee business. 
RULE 11 . PER DIEM FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL  A per diem allowance provided a Member of the Committee or staff of the Committee in connection with foreign travel shall be used solely for lodging, food, and related ex-penses and it is the responsibility of the Member of the Committee or staff of the Committee receiving such an allowance to return to the United States Government that portion of the allowance received which is not actually used for necessary lodging, food, and related expenses. (Rule XXXIX, Para-graph 3, Standing Rules of the Senate.) f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–83, concerning the Department of the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Republic of Korea for defense articles and services estimated to cost $70 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to no-tify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J. W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–83 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Republic of Korea. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $66 million. Other $4 million. Total $70 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Eighty-nine (89) AGM–65G–2 Maverick Mis-siles. Non-MDE includes: Missile containers and other related ele-ments of support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (KS– D–YHF). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: FMS Case KS–D–YAF–$22.55M—14 Mar 12. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid. Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Annex attached, (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: January 31, 2017. *as defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Republic of Korea—AGM–65G–2 Maverick Missiles The Government of the Republic of Korea (ROK) has requested the potential sale of eighty-nine (89) AGM–65G–2 Maverick mis-siles, missile containers and other related elements of support. The total estimated program cost is $70 million. This proposed sale contributes to the for-eign policy and national security of the United States. The ROK is one of the major political and economic powers in East Asia and the Western Pacific and a key partner of the United States in ensuring peace and sta-bility in the region. It is vital to U.S. na-tional interests to assist our Korean ally in developing and maintaining a strong and ready self-defense capability. This sale in-creases the ROK’s capability to participate in Pacific regional security operations and improves its national security posture as a key U.S. ally. The proposed sale will improve the ROK’s capability to meet current and future threats. The ROK will use the enhanced ca-pability as a deterrent to regional threats and to strengthen its homeland defense. The ROK, which already has AGM–65G missiles in its inventory, will have no difficulty absorb-ing these additional missiles. The proposed sale of this equipment and support does not affect the basic military balance in the region. The principal contractor is Raytheon, Tuc-son, AZ. At this time, there are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to the Republic of Korea. There is no adverse impact on U.S. defense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–83 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The AGM–65G–2 Maverick is an air-to- ground close air support missile with a lock on before launch day or night capability. The G model has an imaging infrared (IIR) guid-ance system. The infrared Maverick G can track heat generated by a target and pro-vides the pilot a pictorial display of the tar-get during darkness and hazy or inclement weather. The warhead on the Maverick G is a heavyweight penetrator warhead. Maverick hardware is UNCLASSIFIED. Performance and operating logic of the countermeasures circuits are SECRET. Overall system classi-fication is SECRET. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures or equivalent systems which might reduce weapon effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or ad-vanced capabilities. 3. This sale is necessary to further the U.S. foreign policy and national security objec-tives outlined in the Policy Justification. Moreover, the benefits derived from this sale, as outlined in the Policy Justification, outweigh the potential damage that could result if the sensitive technology were re-vealed to unauthorized persons. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Republic of Korea. D
EFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–85, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Republic of Korea for defense articles and services estimated to cost $70 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to no-tify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J. W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–85 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Republic of Korea. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment
*$60 million. Other $10 million. Total $70 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Sixty (60) AIM–9X–2 Sidewinder Block II All-Up-Round Missiles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.062 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S589 February 1, 2017 
Six (6) AIM–9X–2 Block II Tactical Guid-ance Units. Non-MDE include: Containers, spares and missile support, U.S. government and contractor technical assistance, and other related elements of lo-gistics support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (KS-P- AMA). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: FMS Case KS-P-AKR, KS-P-AKZ. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Annex Attached. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: January 31, 2017. 
*As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Republic of Korea—AIM–9X–2 Sidewinder Missiles The Government of the Republic of Korea (ROK) has requested a possible sale of sixty (60) AIM–9X–2 Sidewinder Block II All-up- Round Missiles and six (6) AIM–9X–2 Block II Tactical Guidance Units, containers, spares and missile support, U.S. Government and contractor technical assistance, and other related elements of logistics support. The es-timated cost is $70 million. This proposed sale contributes to the for-eign policy and national security of the United States. The ROK is one of the major political and economic powers in East Asia and the Western Pacific and a key partner of the United States in ensuring peace and sta-bility in the region. It is vital to U.S. na-tional interests to assist our Korean ally in developing and maintaining a strong and ready self-defense capability. This sale in-creases the ROK’s capability to participate in Pacific regional security operations and improves its national security posture as a key U.S. ally. The ROK intends to use the AIM–9X–2 Sidewinder Block II missiles to supplement its existing inventory of AIM–9X–2 Block II missiles. The ROK will use the enhanced ca-pability as a deterrent to regional threats and to strengthen its homeland defense. The ROK will have no difficulty absorbing these additional missiles into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support does not affect the basic military balance in the region. The principal contractor is Raytheon Mis-sile Systems Company, Tucson, AZ. At this time, there are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to the Republic of Korea. However, U.S. Government or contractor personnel in- country visits will be required on a tem-porary basis in conjunction with program technical oversight and support require-ments. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–85 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The AIM–9X–2 Block II Sidewinder Mis-sile represents a substantial increase in mis-sile acquisition and kinematics performance over the AIM–9M and replaces the AIM–9X Block I Missile configuration. The missile includes a high off-bore sight seeker, en-hanced countermeasures rejection capa-bility, low drag/high angle of attack air-frame and the ability to integrate the Hel-met Mounted Cueing System. The software algorithms are the most sensitive portion of the AIM–9X–2 missile. The software con-tinues to be modified via a pre-planned pro-duction improvement (P31) program in order to improve its counter-countermeasure capa-bilities. No software source code or algo-rithms will be released. The missile is classi-fied as CONFIDENTIAL. 2. The AIM–9X–2 will result in the transfer of sensitive technology and information. The equipment, hardware, and documentation are classified CONFIDENTIAL. The software and operation performance are classified SE-CRET. The seeker/guidance control section and the target detector are CONFIDENTIAL and contain sensitive state-of-the-art tech-nology. Manuals and technical documenta-tion that are necessary for support oper-ational use and organizational management are classified to SECRET. Performance and operating logic of the counter-measures cir-cuits are classified SECRET. The hardware, software, and data identified are classified to protect vulnerabilities, design and perform-ance parameters and similar critical infor-mation. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures which might reduce system effec-tiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabili-ties. 4. A determination has been made that the recipient country can provide the same de-gree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national secu-rity objectives outlined in the Policy Jus-tification. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Republic of Korea. f TRIBUTE TO BRIGADIER GENERAL FRANCIS XAVIER TAYLOR Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize an extraor-dinary public servant and a dedicated leader of the U.S. intelligence commu-nity, Brig. Gen. Francis Xavier Taylor, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, I&A, at the Department of Homeland Security. I had the pleasure of presiding as chairman of the Intelligence Com-mittee for the confirmation hearing for General Taylor in 2014 and have wit-nessed his leadership over the past 2 and a half years as I&A has made per-haps the most impressive progress of any intelligence agency over this time. After nearly 40 years of honorable service to our Nation, Under Secretary Taylor retired on the last day of the Obama administration. Prior to his work at DHS, Frank Taylor served for 31 years in the U.S. Air Force and at the U.S. Department of State as an ambassador for counter-terrorism and head of diplomatic secu-rity. He also served as vice president of security at General Electric. For the past 2 years, he has applied the leader-ship skills, understanding of security at home and abroad, and his close per-sonal friendship with Secretary Jeh Johnson to transform the Office of In-telligence and Analysis. I&A’s mission is to equip the Home-land Security Enterprise with timely intelligence and information it needs to keep the homeland safe, secure, and resilient. It provides critical intel-ligence to the leadership of the DHS and its components; State, local, trib-al, and territorial governments, and private sector partners. The office itself was formed after the creation of DHS through the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and has seen significant change and disruption in its short life-time. Due to Under Secretary Taylor’s leadership, I&A is much further along on its vision of becoming a premier ele-ment of the IC, driving information sharing and delivering unique pre-dictive intelligence and analysis to op-erators and decisionmakers at all lev-els. During his confirmation hearing, General Taylor was asked why I&A needed to exist, given the domestic mission of the FBI and the analytic work of the National Counterterrorism Center. He was asked to justify the of-fice’s existence if it produced one ana-lytic product per employee per year. Members questioned him on the need for State and local fusion centers and the support provided to them by the Federal Government. I focused my questions on why an intelligence agen-cy should have more than 60 percent of its staffing come from a contractor workforce. As we begin 2017, those questions are no longer applicable. Under Secretary Taylor has transformed the organiza-tion. He removed internal I&A stove-pipes and realigned the organization to more closely reflect the intelligence cycle. Where homeland intelligence analysis had too often relied on repack-aging products from other members of the IC, DHS collection now forms the basis of I&A production. Under Sec-retary Taylor also ordered that fin-ished intelligence include DHS and State-local-tribal Partner data. Within 1 year, the organization achieved great success on this front, ensuring 80 per-cent of finished intelligence in fiscal year 2016 included unique homeland-de-rived data. Under his leadership, I&A is fulfilling the unique homeland-focused role that Congress intended. The con-tract workforce is below 25 percent and the office is producing valuable intel-ligence analysis, tips to law enforce-ment, compiling and improving the quality of DHS data for intelligence purposes, strengthening our watch list-ing capability, and lending expertise to decision makers from the President down to the cop on the beat. Under Secretary Taylor has worked tirelessly to mature and strengthen the Department’s relationship with the State and local fusion centers and make information sharing a priority, changing the way the IC analyzes the domestic threat picture. When I have visited my local fusion center in San 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.066 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES590 February 1, 2017 
Francisco, I receive nothing but praise for the support that I&A provides and the importance of local, State, and Federal information sharing. The most recent example of this partnership is the Field Analysis Report, FAR, an in-telligence report written by State and local intelligence analysts in coordina-tion with I&A for the State and local audience. This is an important develop-ment from intelligence handed down from intelligence agencies inside the Federal beltway that, at times, misses the mark of what the local customer needs. FARs are among the most high-ly rated finished intelligence products coming out of I&A and are a direct re-sult of General Taylor’s vision. Under Secretary Taylor also took to heart the need to invest in the work-force and address extremely low em-ployee morale. He has restructured the workforce, drastically reducing the ratio of supervisors to workers, streamlining management and devel-oping what he calls ‘‘seed corn’’— young, junior intelligence professionals brought in to rejuvenate the organiza-tion and help develop a truly home-land-focused workforce. Besides shift-ing the balance of the staff, Under Sec-retary Taylor focused on hiring, grow-ing, and investing in the workforce and ensuring that inherently governmental work is done by governmental employ-ees and clear communication between the workforce and the leadership. Members of the Intelligence Com-mittee spend most of our time on inter-national events and the often con-troversial practices of the CIA, NSA, and FBI. We have had the luxury in the recent past not to have to worry on the intelligence coming from and provided to our homeland security professionals because of the leadership and uncom-mon skill of Under Secretary Frank Taylor. We owe him a tremendous debt of gratitude. I wish to thank Under Secretary Taylor for his decades of ex-ceptional service to our country and to wish him and his wife, Connie, the very best in the days and years ahead as he retires for the fourth time. Thank you. 
f 
REMEMBERING ROBERT JUSTIN STEVENS Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I rise today in fond memory of Robert Justin Stevens, a former staffer of mine who recently passed away—entirely too young—after a long, arduous fight with cancer. Justin was exemplary in his desire to serve and his love for public policy and politics. He was a dedicated public servant who worked tirelessly to im-prove the lives of Americans. Over the last few years, Justin managed Federal policy and advocacy for homeland se-curity, public safety, and military-re-lated issues as legislative director with the National Governors Association. Before that, Justin worked with me and later with Senator S
COTT Brown as a professional staff member at the Sen-ate Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs Subcommittee on Fed-eral Financial Management, Govern-ment Information, Federal Services, and International Security. There, he helped us to identify and address waste, fraud, and abuse in government spending and financial improvement, audit readiness, and business trans-formation at our Federal agencies. During my 2008 Presidential campaign, Justin served as a senior advance team lead. It was in that context that I was first introduced to Justin’s boundless love of life and energy. Justin also served as the director for candidate operations and advance for the Scott Brown for Senate 2012 cam-paign; a financial systems analyst with the EMCOR Group; and a Navy/NASA University Faculty Fellowship pro-gram manager with the American Soci-ety for Engineering Education, ASEE. Justin never took his young life for granted. An avid runner and adven-turous soul, Justin sought to improve himself by taking courses in further-ance of a master’s in national security and strategic studies at the U.S. Naval War College, after having received a B.S. in business administration from the University of Florida and grad-uating East Lake High School. Also, unbowed by his continuing struggle with cancer and always filled with hope, Justin married the love of his life, Elizabeth. Justin will be forever remembered for the joy he brought to the lives of his family, friends, and colleagues with his humor, energy, and selflessness. Throughout his young life, Justin al-ways made sure that those closest to him knew how important they were to him. Cindy and I extend our warmest con-dolences to Justin’s wife, Elizabeth; his mother, Karen; his stepmother, Jean Nowakowski, with whom Justin was exceptionally close; his siblings, Bryan and Damon; his niece, Magdalena and nephew Jackson. f 
REMEMBERING DR. HENRY HEIMLICH Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to the life of a fa-mous Ohioan, Dr. Henry Heimlich. The son of Jewish immigrants who fled Central and Eastern Europe for a better life in America, Henry Judah Heimlich spent his life helping others. As a 21-year-old medical student, he was riding a train from Connecticut to New York City when the train derailed. Henry rescued one of his fellow pas-sengers that day. That was the first of the many lives he would save. By 23, he had his medical degree. Two years later, he left his internship at Boston City Hospital to serve in the Navy during World War II. He was sent to treat American Marines and Chinese soldiers in the Gobi desert of Inner Mongolia, behind Japanese lines. In those rugged conditions, he came up with a new solution to help there hun-dreds of people there who had a certain bacterial infection that caused blind-ness. In 1957, after sketching the idea on the back of a napkin, he became the first American doctor to repair a dam-aged esophagus using a tube made from the patient’s stomach. A year later, it became a standard procedure in the United States. In 1964, based on those experiences during World War II operating without electricity in the Gobi desert, he in-vented the Heimlich chest drain valve, which drained blood and air out of the chest to help those with gunshot wounds or collapsed lungs. It all start-ed with a toy noisemaker he found at a dime store. He noticed that the toy had a flutter valve, which he realized could be used as a model for a valve to pre-vent fluids from flowing back into the lungs. This invention was immediately used to save the lives of American soldiers serving in Vietnam, and more than 4 million of these valves have sold since then. In 1968, Dr. Heimlich moved to my hometown of Cincinnati and became surgery director of Jewish Hospital and professor of surgery at the University of Cincinnati. He taught at UC until 1978, when he became a professor of ad-vanced clinical science at Cincinnati’s Xavier University. He taught at Xavier until 1989. In 1974, he became famous around the world for finding a better way to save someone from choking. At that time, some 4,000 Americans were dying every year from choking, and it was one of the leading causes of accidental death. Many of those vic-tims were kids who choked on small toys. With a great feeling of compassion for them, Dr. Heimlich set out to find a solution. Whatever it was, it would have to be a quick and efficient solu-tion because, within just 4 minutes of being deprived of oxygen, the brain be-comes irreversibly damaged. Dr. Heimlich thought that the con-ventional techniques used at that time were not just ineffective but actually harmful because they risked pushing the blockage farther down the wind-pipe, making the problem worse. At Jewish Hospital in Cincinnati, Dr. Heimlich led 2 years of research that discovered a new, more effective tech-nique of dislodging objects from the esophagus: putting pressure just below the diaphragm to create upward air pressure in the chest. Just days after it was made public, a restaurant owner in Washington State used it to save some-one’s life. It was simple and easy—so simple that, within a few years, a 5-year-old boy in Massachusetts used it to save one of his friends. You can even use it on yourself if necessary. As Dr. Heimlich put it, ‘‘the best thing about it is that it allows anyone to use it to save a life.’’ Everyone can and should learn this technique. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.040 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S591 February 1, 2017 
Letters began pouring in. Within a year, Dr. Heimlich received some 200 from people around the country who had successfully used the Heimlich ma-neuver to save a life and the American Medical Association had endorsed it. Within 2 years, the American Red Cross recommended it. The Heimlich maneuver is estimated by some to have saved as many as 50,000 or even 100,000 lives just in Amer-ica—not to mention countless others around the world. To put a face to these numbers, con-sider that the Heimlich maneuver has saved the lives of future-President Ronald Reagan in 1976. It has saved the lives of New York City Mayor Ed Koch, basketball commentator Dick Vitale, news anchorman John Chancellor, tele-vision personality Simon Cowell, as well as actors Walter Matthau, Eliza-beth Taylor, Marlene Dietrich, Carrie Fisher, Goldie Hawn, Nicole Kidman, and Halle Berry, and so many other people who have touched our lives. The maneuver has been used by Cincinnati Reds third basemen Todd Frazier, Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak at Camp David, and an 83-year-old Clint Eastwood. We have all benefited from this inno-vative technique. This discovery, I think, really sums up Dr. Heimlich’s life, because he used to say that his focus was to find ‘‘sim-ple, creative solutions to seemingly in-surmountable health and medical prob-lems.’’ Time and again, he did just that, authoring more than 100 sci-entific papers and presenting more than 250 medical lectures over his life-time. In 1980, he invented the MicroTrach, a more efficient portable oxygen sys-tem that, because of its smaller size, gave patients more mobility. In 1981, Dr. Heimlich received the ‘‘Distin-guished Service Award’’ from his col-leagues with the American Society of Abdominal Surgeons, and he received the 1984 ‘‘Arthur Lasker Award for Public Service’’ for his ‘‘simple, prac-tical, cost-free solution to a life- threatening emergency, requiring nei-ther great strength, [nor] special equip-ment [n]or elaborate training.’’ In 1985, Surgeon General C. Everett Koop declared that the Heimlich ma-neuver was the best method to be used when someone is choking. From 1986 to 2005, the American Red Cross and the American Heart Association issued the same recommendation. Dr. Heimlich’s medical career lasted some 70 years. In his final years, he re-mained active, swimming and exer-cising regularly. Living at a retirement home run by Episcopal Retirement Services in Cincinnati, he saved the life of an 87-year-old fellow resident named Patty Ris this past May using his famous maneuver. Dr. Heimlich passed away on Decem-ber 17 at age 96 at Christ Hospital in Cincinnati. He was married to his won-derful wife, Jane, for 61 years, and he is survived by his four children and three grandchildren. His son Phil is a good friend of mine and a former Cincinnati city council-man and Hamilton County commis-sioner. Jane and I send our condolences to our friends in the Heimlich family. We are grateful for Dr. Heimlich’s work and for his life. We will miss him, but even in his absence, his ideas will live on and continue to save lives. Thank you. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LAYNE BANGERTER Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the outstanding work of a longtime member of my Senate staff, Layne Bangerter, who has been appointed as special assistant to Presi-dent Donald Trump. Layne has been a valued member of my staff for more than 13 years. Serv-ing as director of agriculture and nat-ural resources, he has provided sound counsel on critical issues for our State. For example, Layne dedicated count-less hours to crafting the Owyhee Pub-lic Land Management Act and has worked to ensure sound implementa-tion of the agreement. His well-honed ability to build relationships has been key to the success of this and many other efforts. As a rancher and farmer, Layne has unique on-the-ground experience with how Federal policies affect land, water, and people. He also has significant un-derstanding from his work for the U.S. Department of Agriculture Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Wild-life Services and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. He has used this expe-rience to inform a number of critical agricultural and natural resources issues, including wildlife, conservation, forestry, water, and agricultural pro-grams. He knows the right balance needs to be struck between conserva-tion and responsible natural resources practices and that the one-size-fits-all approach never works in real America. Layne is the kind of guy that you want in your corner—he listens, uses com-mon sense, and then works to come up with the best possible solutions. Layne is positive, encouraging, and affable while also having a pragmatism shaped by extensive experience. His in-sight will no doubt be extremely valu-able to the Trump administration. While I will miss having Layne as a member of my staff, I wish him all the best in this new endeavor and look for-ward to our continued friendship. Thank you, Layne, for your hard work on behalf of Idahoans and our country, and congratulations on this next step in your career. I wish you, Betsy, and your wonderful family continued suc-cess. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ADELE GRIFFIN Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I want to recognize Adele Griffin, a long-time Senate staffer in my Jacksonville office, for her years of hard work; for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. A fifth-generation Floridian, Adele previously worked under Senator Mel Martinez and Senator George LeMieux before her time in my office. Adele has been a dedicated and diligent leader who took special pride in addressing the many issues facing northeast Flor-ida over the years. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Adele for all the great work she has done and wish her a happy retirement. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO RON CHASTAIN ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize MG Ron Chastain for his four decades of service to the State of Arkansas and to our Nation. For 32 years, he worked at the U.S. De-partment of Agriculture’s Farm Serv-ice Agency and served for the last 6 years as my Agricultural Liaison in Arkansas. He has also enjoyed a distin-guished military career in the Arkan-sas National Guard that spanned near-ly four decades. Ron was born and raised in Arkansas and graduated from Arkansas Tech University with a degree in biology in 1972. In 1974, he began his career with the USDA. He was the supervisory pro-gram specialist in Arkansas and dealt with Federal farm programs at the county, district, and State levels. He is a recipient of the USDA Service to Ag-riculture Award and also received rec-ognition for his suggestions that im-proved the administration of Federal farm programs. At the same time, Major General Chastain was a dedicated member of the Army National Guard serving our State and Nation on weekends, eve-nings, and multiple overseas deploy-ments. While in uniform, he honorably served as deputy commanding general for the Arkansas Army National Guard at the U.S. Army Forces Command, the adjutant general of the Arkansas Na-tional Guard, as Chief of Staff, war-time, of U.S. Forces Korea, commander of the 39th Brigade Combat Team in Iraq, and commander of the 25th Rear Operations Center during Operation Desert Storm. A veteran of two wars, Major General Chastain was awarded the Army Distinguished Service Medal, Legion of Merit, and two Bronze Star medals. He has also been inducted into the distinguished Arkansas Military Veterans’ Hall of Fame. In 2010, ‘‘the General’’ retired from the Arkansas Army National Guard. Shortly thereafter, I called to con-gratulate him on his impressive mili-tary career, and during our conversa-tion, he said he would be happy to help me in any way he could. I knew that he could bring his unique experience and expertise to help me represent the agri-culture community in Arkansas, so I asked him to join my staff. As a member of my team, Major Gen-eral Chastain has been a professional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.042 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES592 February 1, 2017 
and tireless advocate on behalf of Ar-kansas’ farmers and ranchers. The Ar-kansas Farm Bureau recently recog-nized his hard work and contribution to our State’s agriculture community. Ron also educated thousands of young Arkansans about the history and prop-er care of the U.S. and Arkansas flags during his time with my office. MG Ron Chastain dedicated his ca-reer to leading and serving others. I want to thank him for all that he has done on behalf of Arkansas, and I wish him well on his retirement. I know he will enjoy spending more time with his family and working on his farm. As a model public servant for so many years, his retirement and all the rec-ognition he has garnered are well de-served.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING xCRAFT ENTERPRISES, LLC ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, my home State of Idaho has long been known for its incredible natural resources and vi-brant agricultural economy. What some may not know, though, is that Idaho is also home to a burgeoning technology industry, thanks to a num-ber of impressive innovators who bring their entrepreneurial spirit and innova-tions to our State. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, it is my pleas-ure to recognize one of these great innovators, xCraft Enterprises, LLC in Coeur d’Alene, as the Senate Small Business of the Month for January 2017. xCraft has made Idaho proud with their considerable success and continuous in-novation in and contribution to the un-manned aerial vehicle, UAV, or drone, industry. Cofounder and CEO JD Claridge has always had a passion for flight. He built numerous flying toys as a child, and at the age of just 7, he constructed a hang glider and even convinced a friend to test it. JD harnessed this life-long love of flying and started xCraft Enterprises, LLC, along with fellow aviation enthusiast, Charles Manning. Their vision for the company was to develop small, powerful, long-range drones that serve the needs of both hobbyists and commercial customers. With the expertise and skills of their team of highly educated engineers and business people, they have turned their aviation dream into a successful small business endeavor. xCraft’s patent-pending drones are built with lightweight materials that allow for long-range flight and are also capable of flying preprogrammed GPS- enabled flight paths. Notably, the com-pany has designed a drone which has the ability to carry and utilize a smartphone, making it possible to link advanced smartphone technology to an economically priced small drone. In ad-dition, xCraft has been recognized as a leader in the UAV and technology in-dustries for producing one of the fast-est racing drones available on the mar-ket today, exceeding speeds of 100 miles per hour. This continuous inno-vation and reinvention adds an im-mense value to the numerous and di-verse industries that drones play a major role in, helping to drive the en-tire American economy forward. Today xCraft offers seven drones of varying sizes and capabilities. There is no telling what their next innovation will be, but I know it will be another great contribution to their industry and the many others that depend upon it. It is my honor to recognize JD, Charles, and all of the employees at xCraft Enterprises, LLC in Coeur d’Alene. Thank you for your commit-ment to innovation and for carrying on the entrepreneurial spirit that is so valued in our great State of Idaho. I look forward to following your contin-ued growth and success.∑ f 
REMEMBERING ELIZABETH HOWARD SWAIN ∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Elizabeth Howard Swain. Elizabeth was a lifelong cham-pion of community health care centers, as well as the people they serve, and a wonderful colleague, mother, and friend. After graduating from Boston Uni-versity with a B.A. in sociology and a master’s degree in political economics, Elizabeth moved with her family to Se-attle, WA. In 1981, she began working at Seattle’s 45th Street Clinic, a Feder-ally Qualified Health Center, FQHC, and eventually became the executive director, a position she held for 10 years. Elizabeth founded the Commu-nity Health Plan of Washington and worked as the regional health officer at Public Health of Seattle and King County, as well as the assistant vice president for public policy for the Com-munity Health Network of Washington. In 2005, Elizabeth was recruited to be CEO of the Community Health Care As-sociation of New York State, an advo-cacy organization that supports more than 65 FQHCs. In Albany, she was a strong advocate for community-based primary care and was known for her ability to bring rival forces together and create partners out of adversaries. Elizabeth also championed FQHC’s and the importance of community- based primary care in the American health system in regular meetings with members and staff of the U.S. Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pension Committee. While Elizabeth was grate-ful that I secured significant funding for FQHCs through the Affordable Care Act, as a strong supporter of universal health care, she was disappointed that neither the ‘‘public option’’ provision, much less a single-payer Medicare for all plan, were part of the ACA. Eliza-beth remained true to her commitment to provide quality health care for all Americans, and she did all of this with tremendous energy and compassion for the most vulnerable and medically un-derserved populations. Elizabeth understood the need to move health care dollars into the front end of the system, where they could be used more efficiently to prevent ill-ness, through patient care manage-ment, case management and nutrition, and by keeping people out of expensive hospital settings. She also recognized the critical need for all-inclusive and integrated health care, including den-tal care and mental health services, in both urban and rural communities served by FQHC’s. Elizabeth will be sorely missed. She is survived by her sisters Julia, Cyn-thia, and Judith and children Kalil, Carmen, and Alexis.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committee. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 12:01 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 58. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a study on the circumstances which may impact the effec-tiveness and availability of first responders before, during, or after a terrorist threat or event, and for other purposes. H.R. 276. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to ensure reliable air service in American Samoa. H.R. 347. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for require-ments relating to documentation for major acquisition programs, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 366. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Sec-retary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain im-provements in managing the Department’s vehicle fleet, and for other purposes. H.R. 437. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to codify authority under existing grant guidance authorizing use of Urban Area Security Initiative and State Homeland Security Grant Program funding for enhancing medical preparedness, medical surge capacity, and mass prophy-laxis capabilities. H.R. 505. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to strengthen account-ability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. H.R. 526. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the De-partment of Homeland Security a board to coordinate and integrate departmental intel-ligence, activities, and policy related to counterterrorism, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.038 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S593 February 1, 2017 
H.R. 549. An act to amend the Imple-menting Recommendations of the 9/11 Com-mission Act of 2007 to clarify certain allow-able uses of funds for public transportation security assistance grants and establish peri-ods of performance for such grants, and for other purposes. H.R. 584. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance preparedness and response capabilities for cyber attacks, bolster the dissemination of homeland secu-rity information related to cyber threats, and for other purposes. H.R. 612. An act to establish a grant pro-gram at the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to promote cooperative research and de-velopment between the United States and Israel on cybersecurity. H.R. 642. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance the partner-ship between the Department of Homeland Security and the National Network of Fu-sion Centers, and for other purposes. H.R. 655. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Secur-ing the Cities program to enhance the ability of the United States to detect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high consequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials that pose a high risk to homeland security in high-risk urban areas, and for other purposes. H.R. 665. An act to modernize and enhance airport perimeter and access control security by requiring updated risk assessments and the development of security strategies, and for other purposes. H.R. 666. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Insider Threat Program, and for other purposes. H.R. 677. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear intel-ligence and information sharing functions of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security and to re-quire dissemination of information analyzed by the Department to entities with respon-sibilities relating to homeland security, and for other purposes. H.R. 678. An act to require an assessment of fusion center personnel needs, and for other purposes. H.R. 687. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a process to review applications for certain grants to pur-chase equipment or systems that do not meet or exceed any applicable national vol-untary consensus standards, and for other purposes. H.R. 690. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance certain du-ties of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice, and for other purposes. H.R. 697. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to improve the manage-ment and administration of the security clearance processes throughout the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. 
At 5:08 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following joint resolutions, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.J. Res. 38. Joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Projection Rule. H.J. Res. 41. Joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Securities and Exchange Com-mission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers’’. MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 58. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a study on the circumstances which may impact the effec-tiveness and availability of first responders before, during, or after a terrorist threat or event, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 276. An act a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to ensure reliable air service in American Samoa; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. H.R. 339. An act to amend Public Law 94– 241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Is-lands; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 347. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for require-ments relating to documentation for major acquisition programs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 366. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Sec-retary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain im-provements in managing the Department’s vehicle fleet, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. H.R. 381. An act to designate a mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra Na-tional Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’ ; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 437. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to codify authority under existing grant guidance authorizing use of Urban Area Security Initiative and State Homeland Security Grant Program funding for enhancing medical preparedness, medical surge capacity, and mass prophy-laxis capabilities; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 505. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to strengthen account-ability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 526. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the De-partment of Homeland Security a board to coordinate and integrate departmental intel-ligence, activities, and policy related to counterterrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 538. An act to redesignate Ocmulgee National Monument in the State of Georgia and revise its boundary, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 549. An act to amend the Imple-menting Recommendations of the 9/11 Com-mission Act of 2007 to clarify certain allow-able uses of funds for public transportation security assistance grants and establish peri-ods of performance for such grants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 558. An act to adjust the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 584. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance preparedness and response capabilities for cyber attacks, bolster the dissemination of homeland secu-rity information related to cyber threats, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 612. An act to establish a grant pro-gram at the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to promote cooperative research and de-velopment between the United States and Israel on cybersecurity; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 642. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance the partner-ship between the Department of Homeland Security and the National Network of Fu-sion Centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. H.R. 655. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Secur-ing the Cities program to enhance the ability of the United States to detect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high consequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials that pose a high risk to homeland security in high-risk urban areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 665. An act to modernize and enhance airport perimeter and access control security by requiring updated risk assessments and the development of security strategies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 666. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Insider Threat Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 677. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear intel-ligence and information sharing functions of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security and to re-quire dissemination of information analyzed by the Department to entities with respon-sibilities relating to homeland security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 678. An act to require an assessment of fusion center personnel needs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 687. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a process to review applications for certain grants to pur-chase equipment or systems that do not meet or exceed any applicable national vol-untary consensus standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 690. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance certain du-ties of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 697. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to improve the manage-ment and administration of the security clearance processes throughout the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
S. 274. A bill to nullify the effect of the re-cent executive order that temporarily re-stricted individuals from certain countries from entering the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.019 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES594 February 1, 2017 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. ROBERTS, from the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, with-out amendment: S. Res. 30. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Ms. COLLINS, from the Special Com-mittee on Aging, without amendment: S. Res. 31. An original resolution author-izing the expenditures by the Special Com-mittee on Aging. By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, with-out amendment: S. Res. 32. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. Res. 33. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. Res. 34. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, without amendment: S. Res. 36. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment: S. Res. 37. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, without amendment: S. Res. 39. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: H.R. 255. An act to authorize the National Science Foundation to support entrepre-neurial programs for women. H.R. 321. An act to inspire women to enter the aerospace field, including science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. HATCH for the Committee on Fi-nance. *Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be Secretary of the Treasury. *Thomas Price, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Jeff Sessions, of Alabama, to be Attorney General. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 249. A bill to provide that the pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years certain restricted land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Ms. H
AS-
SAN, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. H IRONO , and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. 250. A bill to prohibit any hiring freeze from affecting any Department of Defense position at, or in support of, a public ship-yard; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. H
EIN-
RICH, and Ms. S TABENOW ): S. 251. A bill to repeal the Independent Payment Advisory Board in order to ensure that it cannot be used to undermine the Medicare entitlement for beneficiaries; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. K ING, Mr. R
EED, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. U DALL , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 252. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require drug manufac-turers to provide drug rebates for drugs dis-pensed to low-income individuals under the Medicare prescription drug benefit program; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. H ELLER ): S. 253. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 254. A bill to amend the Native Amer-ican Programs Act of 1974 to provide flexi-bility and reauthorization to ensure the sur-vival and continuing vitality of Native American languages; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 255. A bill to increase the rates of pay under the General Schedule and other statu-tory pay systems and for prevailing rate em-ployees by 3.2 percent, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 256. A bill to establish the Stop, Ob-serve, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to address human trafficking in the health care system; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. KING (for himself and Ms. C
OL-
LINS): S. 257. A bill to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 258. A bill to provide for the restoration of legal rights for claimants under holo-caust-era insurance policies; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. M ENENDEZ ): S. 259. A bill to modify the prohibition on recognition by United States courts of cer-tain rights relating to certain marks, trade names, or commercial names; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. RISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. S COTT, Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. S
HELBY , and Mr. W ICKER ): S. 260. A bill to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Ad-visory Board; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. K
ING, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. S COTT, and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 261. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clar-ify certain disclosure requirements for res-taurants and similar retail food establish-ments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. C ASEY , and Ms. S
TABENOW ): S. 262. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the section 45 credit for refined coal from steel industry fuel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. C
ORNYN , and Mr. I NHOFE ): S. 263. A bill to facilitate efficient State implementation of ground-level ozone stand-ards, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Mr. P
AUL): S. 264. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow charitable organi-zations to make statements relating to polit-ical campaigns if such statements are made in ordinary course of carrying out its tax ex-empt purpose; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 265. A bill to prevent conflicts of inter-est that stem from executive Government employees receiving bonuses or other com-pensation arrangements from nongovern-ment sources, from the revolving door that raises concerns about the independence of fi-nancial services regulators, and from the re-volving door that casts aspersions over the awarding of Government contracts and other financial benefits; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. 266. A bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous con-tributions to peace in the Middle East; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 267. A bill to provide for the correction of a survey of certain land in the State of Alaska; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 268. A bill to provide the legal frame-work necessary for the growth of innovative private financing options for students to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.024 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S595 February 1, 2017 
fund postsecondary education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 269. A bill to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Tanana Tribal Council located in Tanana, Alaska, and to the Bristol Bay Area Health Corporation lo-cated in Dillingham, Alaska, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Af-fairs. By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. I SAK-
SON): S. 270. A bill to prohibit the use of pre-miums paid to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation as an offset for other Federal spending; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mrs. FISCHER: S. 271. A bill to strengthen highway fund-ing in the near term, to offer States addi-tional financing tools, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 272. A bill to enhance the security oper-ations of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration and the stability of the trans-portation security workforce by applying a unified personnel system under title 5, United States Code, to employees of the Transportation Security Administration who are responsible for screening passengers and property, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. L EE, Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. E NZI): S. 273. A bill to provide for the protection and recovery of the greater sage-grouse by facilitating State recovery plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. K AINE, Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. K ING, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W AR-
NER, Mr. R EED, Mr. S CHATZ , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 274. A bill to nullify the effect of the re-cent executive order that temporarily re-stricted individuals from certain countries from entering the United States; read the first time. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. H
EIN-
RICH, and Ms. S TABENOW ): S.J. Res. 16. A joint resolution approving the discontinuation of the process for consid-eration and automatic implementation of the annual proposal of the Independent Medi-care Advisory Board under section 1899A of the Social Security Act; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. S
COTT): S.J. Res. 17. A joint resolution approving the discontinuation of the process for consid-eration and automatic implementation of the annual proposal of the Independent Medi-care Advisory Board under section 1899A of the Social Security Act; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Ms. MURKOWSKI ): S.J. Res. 18. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by the Department of the In-terior relating to Non-Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Participation and Clo-sure Procedures, on National Wildlife Ref-uges in Alaska; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. PERDUE (for himself, Mr. C
OT-
TON, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, and Mr. R
OUNDS ): S.J. Res. 19. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection relating to prepaid accounts under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act and the Truth in Lending Act; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. ROBERTS: S. Res. 30. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry; from the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. By Ms. COLLINS: S. Res. 31. An original resolution author-izing the expenditures by the Special Com-mittee on Aging; from the Special Com-mittee on Aging; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. RISCH: S. Res. 32. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship; from the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Ms. MURKOWSKI: S. Res. 33. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources; from the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. JOHNSON: S. Res. 34. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs; from the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. Res. 35. A resolution expressing pro-found concern about the ongoing political, economic, social and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela, urging the release of political prisoners, and calling for respect of constitu-tional and democratic processes, including free and fair elections; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. HOEVEN: S. Res. 36. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs; from the Committee on In-dian Affairs; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. CORKER: S. Res. 37. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on For-eign Relations; from the Committee on For-eign Relations; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. SAND-
ERS, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. K
AINE, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. Res. 38. A resolution recognizing Janu-ary 30, 2017, as ‘‘Fred Korematsu Day of Civil Liberties and the Constitution’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ALEXANDER: S. Res. 39. An original resolution author-izing expenditures by the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. L
ANKFORD , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. U DALL , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. D AINES , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. B
ARRASSO ): S. Res. 40. A resolution designating the week beginning on February 5, 2017, as ‘‘Na-tional Tribal Colleges and Universities Week’’; considered and agreed to. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. P
ERDUE , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. C RAPO , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. Res. 41. A resolution raising awareness and encouraging the prevention of stalking by designating January 2017 as ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 18 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 18, a bill to promote freedom, fairness, and economic opportunity by repealing the income tax and other taxes, abolishing the Internal Revenue Service, and enacting a national sales tax to be administered primarily by the States. 
S. 55 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 55, a bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York. 
S. 82 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 82, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand the denial of deduction for certain excessive em-ployee remuneration, and for other purposes. 
S. 87 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 87, a bill to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooper-ate with Federal officials to protect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.022 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES596 February 1, 2017 
our communities from violent crimi-nals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States. 
S. 96 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 96, a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. 
S. 175 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 175, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 178 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 178, a bill to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases. 
S. 203 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 203, a bill to reaffirm that the Environmental Protection Agency may not regulate vehicles used solely for competition, and for other purposes. 
S. 220 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 220, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion. 
S. 224 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 224, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit taking minors across State lines in circumvention of laws requir-ing the involvement of parents in abor-tion decisions. 
S. 229 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 229, a bill to provide for the confidentiality of information submitted in requests for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program and for other purposes. 
S. 236 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. JOHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 236, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform tax-ation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 240 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 240, a bill to nullify the effect of the recent execu-tive order that temporarily restricted individuals from certain countries from entering the United States. 
S. 247 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 247, a bill to provide an incentive for businesses to bring jobs back to America. 
S. 248 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
AR-
KEY) were added as cosponsors of S. 248, a bill to block implementation of the Executive Order that restricts individ-uals from certain countries from enter-ing the United States. 
S.J. RES. 8 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 8, a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relating to contribu-tions and expenditures intended to af-fect elections. 
S.J. RES. 9 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Wyo-ming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Sen-ator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Sen-ator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Sen-ator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) and the Senator from Penn-sylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 9, a joint resolu-tion providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8, of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the disclosure of payments by resource extraction issuers. 
S.J. RES. 10 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , his name was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 10, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by the Sec-retary of the Interior relating to stream protection. S.J. RES. 14 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 14, a joint resolution providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Social Security Administration relating to Implemen-tation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007. 
S. CON. RES. 6 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from Wy-oming (Mr. E
NZI) were added as cospon-sors of S. Con. Res. 6, a concurrent res-olution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
S. RES. 18 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 18, a resolution reaffirming the United States-Argentina partnership and recognizing Argentina’s economic reforms. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 253. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare outpatient rehabilitation therapy caps; to the Committee on Fi-nance. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise in support of the Medicare Access to Re-habilitation Services Act, which I am introducing today with my colleagues Senators C
OLLINS , CASEY , and H ELLER . This important bill repeals the mone-tary caps that limit Medicare bene-ficiaries’ access to medically necessary outpatient physical therapy, occupa-tional therapy, and speech-language pathology services. Limits on outpatient rehabilitation therapy services under Medicare were first imposed in 1997 as part of the Bal-anced Budget Act. The decision to im-pose limits on these services was not based on data, quality-of-care con-cerns, or clinical judgment—its sole purpose was to limit spending in order to balance the Federal budget. Since 1997, Congress has acted 12 times to prevent the implementation of the therapy caps through moratoriums and an exceptions process. While these short-term actions have provided nec-essary relief to our seniors, a long-term solution is essential to bring perma-nent relief and much-needed stability for both patients and providers. We need a full repeal of the existing caps on physical therapy, occupational therapy, and speech-language pathol-ogy services. These annual financial caps limit services often needed after a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.014 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S597 February 1, 2017 
stroke, traumatic brain injury, or spi-nal cord injury, or to effectively man-age conditions such as Parkinson’s dis-ease, multiple sclerosis, and arthritis. Arbitrary caps on these vital Medicare outpatient therapy services are simply unacceptable. They also discriminate against the oldest and sickest Medicare beneficiaries, who typically require the most intensive therapy, and disadvan-tage Medicare beneficiaries who live in regions with higher health care costs. In a 2009 report issued by the Medi-care Payment Advisory Committee, MEDPAC, it was estimated that the therapy cap, if enforced without an ex-ceptions process, could negatively im-pact 931,000 Medicare beneficiaries. Ar-bitrarily capping outpatient rehabilita-tion therapy services would likely cause some beneficiaries to delay nec-essary care, force others to assume higher out-of-pocket costs, and disrupt the continuum of care for many seniors and individuals with disabilities. I urge my colleagues to join me and Senator C
OLLINS in supporting the Medicare Access to Rehabilitation Services Act to ensure that our seniors have access to the outpatient rehabili-tation therapy services that they need. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 253 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Medicare Access to Rehabilitation Services Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. OUTPATIENT THERAPY CAP REPEAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1833 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395(l)) is amended by striking subsection (g). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1842(t)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395u(t)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(2) Each request’’ and all that follows through ‘‘1833(a)(8)(B),’’ and in-serting ‘‘(2)(A) Each request for payment, or bill submitted, for therapy services described in subparagraph (B)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) The following therapy services are de-scribed in this subparagraph: ‘‘(i) Physical therapy services of the type described in section 1861(p) and speech-lan-guage pathology services of the type de-scribed in such section through the applica-tion of section 1861(ll)(2), including services described in section 1833(a)(8)(B), and phys-ical therapy services and speech-language pathology services of such type which are furnished by a physician or as incident to physicians’ services. ‘‘(ii) Occupational therapy services of the type that are described in section 1861(p), in-cluding services described in section 1833(a)(8)(B), through the operation of sec-tion 1861(g) and of such type which are fur-nished by a physician or as incident to physi-cians’ services.’’. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. C AS-SIDY, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. S
COTT, Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. J OHN-
SON, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. S HELBY , and Mr. W
ICKER ): S. 260. A bill to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act providing for the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 260 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REPEAL OF THE INDEPENDENT PAYMENT ADVISORY BOARD. 
Effective as of the enactment of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), sections 3403 and 10320 of such Act (including the amendments made by such sections) are repealed, and any pro-vision of law amended by such sections is hereby restored as if such sections had not been enacted into law. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 30—AUTHOR-IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, NUTRITION, AND FORESTRY Mr. ROBERTS submitted the fol-lowing resolution; from the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 30 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry (in this resolution re-ferred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2017 through February 28, 2019, in its discretion, to— (1) make expenditures from the contingent fund of the Senate; (2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a)E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2017.—The expenses of the com-mittee for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $2,463,834, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $200,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $40,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). (b)EXPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018 under this resolution shall not exceed $4,223,716, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $200,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $40,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). (c)E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  28, 2019.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019 under this resolution shall not exceed $1,759,882, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $200,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $40,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2019. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a)E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— (1)I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contin-gent fund of the Senate upon vouchers ap-proved by the chairman of the committee. (2)V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers shall not be required for— (A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-ees paid at an annual rate; (B) the payment of telecommunications provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; (D) payments to the Postmaster of the Senate; (E) the payment of metered charges on copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (F) the payment of Senate Recording and Photographic Services; or (G) the payment of franked and mass mail costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. (b)A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— (1) for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017; (2) for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018; and (3) for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.025 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES598 February 1, 2017 
SENATE RESOLUTION 31—AUTHOR-IZING THE EXPENDITURES BY THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING Ms. COLLINS submitted the fol-lowing resolution; from the Special Committee on Aging; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 31 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and functions imposed by section 104 of S. Res. 4, agreed to February 4, 1977 (95th Congress), and in exercising the authority conferred on it by such section, the Special Committee on Aging (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2017 through February 28, 2019, in its discre-tion, to— (1) make expenditures from the contingent fund of the Senate; (2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2017.—The expenses of the com-mittee for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $1,399,763, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $3,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $3,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). (b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018 under this resolution shall not exceed $2,399,594, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $6,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $6,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). (c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  28, 2019.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019 under this resolution shall not exceed $999,831, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $2,500 may be expended for the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $1,500 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2019. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. (2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers shall not be required for— (A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-ees paid at an annual rate; (B) the payment of telecommunications provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; (D) payments to the Postmaster of the Senate; (E) the payment of metered charges on copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (F) the payment of Senate Recording and Photographic Services; or (G) the payment of franked and mass mail costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. (b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— (1) for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017; (2) for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018; and (3) for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 32—AUTHOR-IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSI-NESS AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP Mr. RISCH submitted the following resolution; from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 32 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2017 through February 28, 2019, in its discretion, to— (1) make expenditures from the contingent fund of the Senate; (2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2017.—The expenses of the com-mittee for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $1,520,944, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $25,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $10,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). (b) EXPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018 under this resolution shall not exceed $2,607,332, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $25,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $10,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). (c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  28, 2019.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019 under this resolution shall not exceed $1,086,388, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $25,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $10,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2019. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. (2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers shall not be required for— (A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-ees paid at an annual rate; (B) the payment of telecommunications provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; (D) payments to the Postmaster of the Senate; (E) the payment of metered charges on copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (F) the payment of Senate Recording and Photographic Services; or (G) the payment of franked and mass mail costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. (b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— (1) for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017; (2) for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018; and (3) for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 33—AUTHOR-IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted the fol-lowing resolution; from the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:11 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.028 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S599 February 1, 2017 
on Energy and Natural Resources; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 33 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2017 through February 28, 2019, in its dis-cretion, to— (1) make expenditures from the contingent fund of the Senate; (2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2017.—The expenses of the com-mittee for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $3,219,522. (b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018 under this resolution shall not exceed $5,519,181. (c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  28, 2019.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019 under this resolution shall not exceed $2,299,659. 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2019. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. (2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers shall not be required for— (A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-ees paid at an annual rate; (B) the payment of telecommunications provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; (D) payments to the Postmaster of the Senate; (E) the payment of metered charges on copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (F) the payment of Senate Recording and Photographic Services; or (G) the payment of franked and mass mail costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. (b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— (1) for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017; (2) for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018; and (3) for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019. f SENATE RESOLUTION 34—AUTHOR-IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SE-CURITY AND GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS Mr. JOHNSON submitted the fol-lowing resolution; from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration: 
S. R ES. 34 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate and S. Res. 445, agreed to October 9, 2004 (108th Congress), including holding hear-ings, reporting such hearings, and making investigations as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs (in this res-olution referred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2017, through Feb-ruary 28, 2019, in its discretion, to— (1) make expenditures from the contingent fund of the Senate; (2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2017.—The expenses of the com-mittee for the period March 1, 2017, through September 30, 2017, under this resolution shall not exceed $5,591,653, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $75,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). (b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2017, through September 30, 2018, under this resolution shall not exceed $9,585,691, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $75,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). (c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  28, 2019.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2018, through February 28, 2019, under this resolution shall not ex-ceed $3,994,038, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $75,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2019. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. (2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers shall not be required for— (A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-ees paid at an annual rate; (B) the payment of telecommunications provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; (D) payments to the Postmaster of the Senate; (E) the payment of metered charges on copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (F) the payment of Senate Recording and Photographic Services; or (G) the payment of franked and mass mail costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. (b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— (1) for the period March 1, 2017, through September 30, 2017; (2) for the period October 1, 2017, through September 30, 2018; and (3) for the period October 1, 2018, through February 28, 2019. 
SEC. 5. INVESTIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The committee, or any duly authorized subcommittee of the com-mittee, is authorized to study or inves-tigate— (1) the efficiency and economy of oper-ations of all branches of the Government in-cluding the possible existence of fraud, mis-feasance, malfeasance, collusion, mis-management, incompetence, corruption, or unethical practices, waste, extravagance, conflicts of interest, and the improper ex-penditure of Government funds in trans-actions, contracts, and activities of the Gov-ernment or of Government officials and em-ployees and any and all such improper prac-tices between Government personnel and corporations, individuals, companies, or per-sons affiliated therewith, doing business with the Government, and the compliance or noncompliance of such corporations, compa-nies, or individuals or other entities with the rules, regulations, and laws governing the various governmental agencies and its rela-tionships with the public; (2) the extent to which criminal or other improper practices or activities are, or have been, engaged in the field of labor-manage-ment relations or in groups or organizations of employees or employers, to the detriment of interests of the public, employers, or em-ployees, and to determine whether any changes are required in the laws of the United States in order to protect such inter-ests against the occurrence of such practices or activities; (3) organized criminal activity which may operate in or otherwise utilize the facilities of interstate or international commerce in furtherance of any transactions and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.029 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES600 February 1, 2017 
manner and extent to which, and the iden-tity of the persons, firms, or corporations, or other entities by whom such utilization is being made, and further, to study and inves-tigate the manner in which and the extent to which persons engaged in organized criminal activity have infiltrated lawful business en-terprise, and to study the adequacy of Fed-eral laws to prevent the operations of orga-nized crime in interstate or international commerce, and to determine whether any changes are required in the laws of the United States in order to protect the public against such practices or activities; (4) all other aspects of crime and lawless-ness within the United States which have an impact upon or affect the national health, welfare, and safety, including but not lim-ited to investment fraud schemes, com-modity and security fraud, computer fraud, and the use of offshore banking and cor-porate facilities to carry out criminal objec-tives; (5) the efficiency and economy of oper-ations of all branches and functions of the Government with particular reference to— (A) the effectiveness of present national se-curity methods, staffing, and processes as tested against the requirements imposed by the rapidly mounting complexity of national security problems; (B) the capacity of present national secu-rity staffing, methods, and processes to make full use of the Nation’s resources of knowledge and talents; (C) the adequacy of present intergovern-mental relations between the United States and international organizations principally concerned with national security of which the United States is a member; and (D) legislative and other proposals to im-prove these methods, processes, and relation-ships; (6) the efficiency, economy, and effective-ness of all agencies and departments of the Government involved in the control and management of energy shortages including, but not limited to, their performance with respect to— (A) the collection and dissemination of ac-curate statistics on fuel demand and supply; (B) the implementation of effective energy conservation measures; (C) the pricing of energy in all forms; (D) coordination of energy programs with State and local government; (E) control of exports of scarce fuels; (F) the management of tax, import, pric-ing, and other policies affecting energy sup-plies; (G) maintenance of the independent sector of the petroleum industry as a strong com-petitive force; (H) the allocation of fuels in short supply by public and private entities; (I) the management of energy supplies owned or controlled by the Government; (J) relations with other oil producing and consuming countries; (K) the monitoring of compliance by gov-ernments, corporations, or individuals with the laws and regulations governing the allo-cation, conservation, or pricing of energy supplies; and (L) research into the discovery and devel-opment of alternative energy supplies; and (7) the efficiency and economy of all branches and functions of Government with particular references to the operations and management of Federal regulatory policies and programs. (b) E
XTENT OF INQUIRIES .—In carrying out the duties provided in subsection (a), the in-quiries of this committee or any sub-committee of the committee shall not be construed to be limited to the records, func-tions, and operations of any particular branch of the Government and may extend to the records and activities of any persons, corporation, or other entity. (c) SPECIAL COMMITTEE AUTHORITY .—For the purposes of this section, the committee, or any duly authorized subcommittee of the committee, or its chairman, or any other member of the committee or subcommittee designated by the chairman is authorized, in its, his, her, or their discretion— (1) to require by subpoena or otherwise the attendance of witnesses and production of correspondence, books, papers, and docu-ments; (2) to hold hearings; (3) to sit and act at any time or place dur-ing the sessions, recess, and adjournment pe-riods of the Senate; (4) to administer oaths; and (5) to take testimony, either orally or by sworn statement, or, in the case of staff members of the Committee and the Perma-nent Subcommittee on Investigations, by deposition in accordance with the Com-mittee Rules of Procedure. (d) A
UTHORITY OF OTHER COMMITTEES .— Nothing contained in this section shall affect or impair the exercise of any other standing committee of the Senate of any power, or the discharge by such committee of any duty, conferred or imposed upon it by the Standing Rules of the Senate or by the Legislative Re-organization Act of 1946. (e) S
UBPOENA AUTHORITY .—All subpoenas and related legal processes of the committee and any duly authorized subcommittee of the committee authorized under S. Res. 73, agreed to February 12, 2015 (114th Congress), are authorized to continue. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 35—EX-PRESSING PROFOUND CONCERN ABOUT THE ONGOING POLITICAL, ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND HUMANI-TARIAN CRISIS IN VENEZUELA, URGING THE RELEASE OF PO-LITICAL PRISONERS, AND CALL-ING FOR RESPECT OF CONSTITU-TIONAL AND DEMOCRATIC PROC-ESSES, INCLUDING FREE AND FAIR ELECTIONS Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. B LUNT , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. K AINE, and Mr. P ERDUE ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations: 
S. R ES. 35 Whereas the deterioration of basic govern-ance and the economic crisis in Venezuela have led to an unprecedented humanitarian situation in which people are suffering from severe shortages of essential medicines and basic food products; Whereas Venezuela lacks more than 80 per-cent of the basic medical supplies and equip-ment needed to treat its population, includ-ing medicine to treat chronic illnesses and cancer as well as basic antibiotics, and 85 percent of pharmacies are at risk of bank-ruptcy, according to the Venezuelan Phar-maceutical Federation; Whereas, despite the massive shortages of basic foodstuffs and essential medicines, President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro has rejected repeated requests from civil society organizations to bring humanitarian aid into the country; Whereas the International Monetary Fund assesses that, in Venezuela, gross domestic product will contract 10 percent and infla-tion will exceed 700 percent in 2016, accel-erating to over 1,600 percent in 2017, the worst anticipated growth and inflation per-formance in the world; Whereas Venezuela’s political, economic, and humanitarian crisis is fueling social ten-sions that are resulting in growing incidents of public unrest, looting, violence among citizens, and an exodus of Venezuelans abroad; Whereas Caracas continues to have the highest per capita homicide rate in the world at 120 per 100,000 citizens, according to the United Nations Office on Drug and Crime; Whereas the deterioration of governance in Venezuela has been exacerbated by wide-spread public corruption and the involve-ment of public officials in illicit narcotics trafficking and related money laundering; Whereas, on August 1, 2016, General Nestor Reverol, Venezuela’s current Minister of In-terior and former National Guard com-mander, was indicted in the United States for participating in an international cocaine trafficking conspiracy; Whereas, on November 18, 2016, Franqui Francisco Flores de Freitas and Efrain Anto-nio Campo Flores, nephews of President Maduro and Venezuelan First Lady Cilia Flo-res, were convicted by a United States Fed-eral jury on charges of conspiring to import cocaine into the United States; Whereas international and domestic human rights groups, such as Venezuelan or-ganization Foro Penal, recognize more than 100 political prisoners in Venezuela, includ-ing opposition leader and former Chacao mayor Leopoldo Lopez, Judge Maria Lourdes Afiuni, Caracas Mayor Antonio Ledezma, and former San Cristobal mayor Daniel Ceballos; Whereas the 1999 Constitution of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela serves as the foundation for political processes in Ven-ezuela; Whereas, in December 2015, the people of Venezuela elected the opposition coalition (Mesa de Unidad Democra`tica) to a two- thirds majority in the unicameral National Assembly, with 112 out of the 167 seats; Whereas, in late December 2015, the out-going National Assembly confirmed to the Supreme Court of Venezuela magistrates po-litically aligned with the Maduro Adminis-tration and, thereafter, the Supreme Court blocked four legislators, including 3 opposi-tion legislators, from taking office; Whereas, during the first year of the new legislature, the Supreme Court has repeat-edly overturned legislation passed by the democratically elected National Assembly; Whereas, in 2016, President Maduro has uti-lized emergency and legislative decree pow-ers to bypass the National Assembly, which, alongside the actions of the Supreme Court, have severely undermined the principles of separation of powers in Venezuela; Whereas, in May 2016, Organization of American States Secretary General Luis Almagro presented a 132-page report out-lining grave alterations of the democratic order in Venezuela and invoked Article 20 of the Inter-American Democratic Charter, which calls on the OAS Permanent Council ‘‘to undertake a collective assessment of the situation’’; Whereas, in late October 2016, Venezuela’s state courts and National Electoral Council, which are comprised of political allies of President Maduro, halted efforts to hold a referendum pursuant to provisions of the Venezuelan constitution to recall President Maduro, thereby denying the Venezuelan people the ability to pursue a democratic so-lution to Venezuela’s crisis; and Whereas, in November 2016, sectors of the opposition and the Government of Venezuela 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.030 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S601 February 1, 2017 
initiated a dialogue, facilitated by the Vati-can, in an effort to pursue a negotiated solu-tion to the country’s political, economic, so-cial, and humanitarian crisis: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses its profound concern about widespread shortages of essential medicines and basic food products faced by the people of Venezuela, and urges President Maduro to permit the delivery of humanitarian assist-ance; (2) calls on the Government of Venezuela to immediately release all political prisoners and to respect internationally recognized human rights; (3) supports meaningful efforts towards a dialogue that leads to respect for Ven-ezuela’s constitutional mechanisms and re-solves the country’s political, economic, so-cial, and humanitarian crisis; (4) affirms its support for OAS Secretary General Almagro’s invocation of Article 20 of the Inter-American Democratic Charter and urges the OAS Permanent Council, which represents all of the organization’s member states, to undertake a collective assessment of the constitutional and democratic order in Venezuela; (5) calls on the Government of Venezuela to ensure the neutrality and professionalism of all security forces and to respect the Ven-ezuelan people’s rights to freedom of expres-sion and assembly; (6) calls on the Government of Venezuela to halt its efforts to undermine the principle of separation of powers, its circumvention of the democratically elected legislature, and its subjugation of judicial independence; (7) stresses the urgency of strengthening the rule of law and increasing efforts to com-bat impunity and public corruption in Ven-ezuela, which has bankrupted a resource-rich country, fuels rising social tensions, and contributes to elevated levels of crime and violence; and (8) urges the President of the United States to provide full support for OAS efforts in favor of constitutional and democratic solu-tions to the political impasse, and to in-struct appropriate Federal agencies to hold officials of the Government of Venezuela ac-countable for violations of United States law and abuses of internationally recognized human rights. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 36—AUTHOR-IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE SENATE COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS Mr. HOEVEN submitted the fol-lowing resolution; from the Committee on Indian Affairs; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration: 
S. R ES. 36 Resolved, That, in carrying out its powers, duties and functions imposed by section 105 of S. Res. 4, agreed to February 4, 1977 (95th Congress), and in exercising the authority conferred on it by that section, the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs is authorized from March 1, 2017, through September 30, 2017; October 1, 2017, through September 30, 2018; and October 1, 2018, through February 28, 2019, in its discretion (1) to make expendi-tures from the contingent fund of the Sen-ate, (2) to employ personnel, and (3) with the prior consent of the Government department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, to use on a reim-bursable, or non-reimbursable, basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. S
EC. 2. (a) The expenses of the committee for the period March 1, 2017, through Sep-tember 30, 2017, under this resolution shall not exceed $1,184,317.00, of which amount (1) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, as amended), and (2) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended for the training of professional staff of such committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of the Legislative Reorganiza-tion Act of 1946). (b) For the period October 1, 2017, through September 30, 2018, expenses of the com-mittee under this resolution shall not exceed $2,030,258.00, of which amount (1) not to ex-ceed $20,000 may be expended for the procure-ment of the services of individual consult-ants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorga-nization Act of 1946, as amended), and (2) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended for the training of professional staff of such com-mittee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946). (c) For the period October 1, 2018, through February 28, 2019, expenses of the committee under this resolution shall not exceed $845,941.00, of which amount (1) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by sec-tion 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946, as amended), and (2) not to ex-ceed $20,000 may be expended for the training of professional staff of such committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946). SEC. 3. The committee shall report its find-ings, together with such recommendations for legislation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2019. S
EC. 4. Expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contin-gent fund of the Senate upon vouchers ap-proved by the Chairman of the committee, except that vouchers shall not be required (1) for the disbursement of the salaries of em-ployees paid at an annual rate, or (2) for the payment of telecommunications provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper, United States Senate, or (3) for the payment of stationery supplies purchased through the Keeper of the Stationery, United States Senate, or (4) for payments to the Postmaster, United States Senate, or (5) for the payment of metered charges on copying equipment provided by the Office of the Ser-geant at Arms and Doorkeeper, United States Senate, or (6) for the payment of Sen-ate Recording and Photographic Services, or (7) for payment of franked and mass mail costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper, United States Senate. S
EC. 5. There are authorized such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions related to the compensation of employees of the committee from March 1, 2017, through September 30, 2017; October 1, 2017, through September 30, 2018; and October 1, 2018, through February 28, 2019, to be paid from the Appropriations account for Expenses of Inquiries and Investigations. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 37—AUTHOR-IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELA-TIONS Mr. CORKER submitted the following resolution; from the Committee on Foreign Relations; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration: S. R ES. 37 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Foreign Relations (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘com-mittee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2017 through February 28, 2019, in its discretion, to— (1) make expenditures from the contingent fund of the Senate; (2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2017.—The expenses of the com-mittee for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $3,889,028, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $150,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). (b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018 under this resolution shall not exceed $6,666,904, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $150,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). (c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  28, 2019.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019 under this resolution shall not exceed $2,777,877, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $150,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $20,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2019. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. (2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers shall not be required for— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.031 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES602 February 1, 2017 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-ees paid at an annual rate; (B) the payment of telecommunications provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; (D) payments to the Postmaster of the Senate; (E) the payment of metered charges on copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (F) the payment of Senate Recording and Photographic Services; or (G) the payment of franked and mass mail costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. (b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— (1) for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017; (2) for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018; and (3) for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 38—RECOG-NIZING JANUARY 30, 2017, AS ‘‘FRED KOREMATSU DAY OF CIVIL LIBERTIES AND THE CON-STITUTION’’ Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. S
AND-
ERS, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. K AINE, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. D UR-
BIN) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 38 Whereas, on January 30, 1919, Fred Toyosaburo Korematsu was born in Oakland, California, to Japanese immigrants; Whereas Fred Korematsu graduated from Oakland High School in 1937 and attempted to enlist in the military twice but was un-able to do so because his selective service classification was changed to enemy alien, even though Fred Korematsu was a United States citizen; Whereas Fred Korematsu trained as a welder and worked as a foreman at the docks in Oakland until the date on which he and all Japanese Americans were fired; Whereas, on December 7, 1941, Japan at-tacked the military base in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, causing the United States to declare war against Japan; Whereas, on February 19, 1942, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 (7 Fed. Reg. 1407 (February 25, 1942)), which authorized the Secretary of War to prescribe military areas— (1) from which any or all people could be excluded; and (2) with respect to which, the right of any person to enter, remain in, or leave would be subject to any restriction the Military Com-mander imposed in his discretion; Whereas, on May 3, 1942, the Lieutenant General of the Western Command of the Army issued Civilian Exclusion Order 34 (May 3, 1942) (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Civilian Exclusion Order’’) directing that all people of Japanese ancestry be re-moved from designated areas of the West Coast after May 9, 1942, because people of Japanese ancestry in the designated areas were considered to pose a threat to national security; Whereas Fred Korematsu refused to com-ply with the Civilian Exclusion Order and was arrested on May 30, 1942; Whereas, after his arrest, Fred Korematsu— (1) was held in squalor for 2 1⁄2months in the Presidio stockade in San Francisco, Cali-fornia; (2) was convicted on September 8, 1942, of violating the Civilian Exclusion Order and sentenced to 5 years of probation; and (3) was detained at Tanforan Assembly Center, a former horse racetrack used as a holding facility for Japanese Americans be-fore he was exiled with his family to the Topaz internment camp in the State of Utah; Whereas more than 120,000 Japanese Amer-icans were similarly detained, with no charges brought and without due process, in 10 permanent War Relocation Authority camps located in isolated desert areas of the States of Arizona, Arkansas, California, Col-orado, Idaho, Utah, and Wyoming; Whereas the people of the United States subject to the Civilian Exclusion Order lost their homes, livelihoods, and the freedoms inherent to all people of the United States; Whereas Fred Korematsu unsuccessfully challenged the Civilian Exclusion Order as it applied to him and appealed the decision of the United States District Court to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which sustained his conviction; Whereas Fred Korematsu was subsequently confined with his family in the internment camp in Topaz, Utah, for 2 years, and during that time, Fred Korematsu appealed his con-viction to the Supreme Court of the United States; Whereas, on December 18, 1944, the Su-preme Court of the United States issued Korematsu v. United States, 323 U.S. 214 (1944), which— (1) upheld the conviction of Fred Korematsu by a vote of 6 to 3; and (2) concluded that Fred Korematsu was re-moved from his home not based on hostility toward him or other Japanese Americans but because the United States was at war with Japan and the military feared a Japanese in-vasion of the West Coast; Whereas, in his dissenting opinion in Korematsu v. United States, 323 U.S. 214 (1944), Justice Frank Murphy called the Ci-vilian Exclusion Order the ‘‘legalization of racism’’; Whereas Fred Korematsu continued to maintain his innocence for decades following World War II, and his conviction hampered his ability to gain employment; Whereas, in 1982, legal historian Peter Irons and researcher Aiko Yoshinaga-Herzig gained access to Government documents under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’), that indicate that while the case of Fred Korematsu was before the Supreme Court of the United States, the Federal Government misled the Supreme Court of the United States and suppressed findings that Japanese Americans on the West Coast were not security threats; Whereas, in light of the newly discovered information, Fred Korematsu filed a writ of error coram nobis with the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, and on November 10, 1983, United States District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel issued her decision in Korematsu v. United States, 584 F. Supp. 1406 (N.D. Cal. 1984), that— (1) overturned the conviction of Fred Korematsu; (2) concluded that, at the time that senior Government officials presented their case be-fore the Supreme Court of the United States in 1944, the senior Government officials knew there was no factual basis for the claim of military necessity for the Civil Exclusion Order; and (3) stated that although the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States in Korematsu v. United States, 323 U.S. 214 (1944), remains on the pages of United States legal and political history, ‘‘[a]s historical precedent it stands as a constant caution that in times of war or declared military ne-cessity our institutions must be vigilant in protecting constitutional guarantees’’; Whereas the Commission on Wartime Relo-cation and Internment of Civilians, author-ized by Congress in 1980 to review the facts and circumstances surrounding the reloca-tion and internment of Japanese Americans under Executive Order 9066 (7 Fed. Reg. 1407 (February 25, 1942)), concluded that— (1) the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States in Korematsu v. United States, 323 U.S. 214 (1944), is overruled by the court of history; (2) a grave personal injustice was done to the United States citizens and resident aliens of Japanese ancestry who, without in-dividual review or any probative evidence against them, were excluded, removed, and detained by the United States during World War II; and (3) the exclusion, removal, and detention of United States citizens and resident aliens of Japanese ancestry was motivated largely by racial prejudice, wartime hysteria, and a failure of political leadership; Whereas the overturning of the conviction of Fred Korematsu and the findings of the Commission on Wartime Relocation and In-ternment of Civilians influenced the decision by Congress to pass the Civil Liberties Act of 1988 (50 U.S.C. 4211 et seq.) to request a Presi-dential apology and the symbolic payment of compensation to people of Japanese ancestry who lost liberty or property due to discrimi-natory actions of the Federal Government; Whereas, on August 10, 1988, President Reagan signed the Civil Liberties Act of 1988 (50 U.S.C. 4211 et seq.), stating, ‘‘[H]ere we admit a wrong; here we reaffirm our commit-ment as a nation to equal justice under the law.’’; Whereas, on January 15, 1998, President Clinton awarded the Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian award of the United States, to Fred Korematsu, stating, ‘‘[i]n the long history of our country’s constant search for justice, some names of ordinary citizens stand for millions of souls: Plessy, Brown, Parks. To that distinguished list, today we add the name of Fred Korematsu.’’; Whereas, despite the fact that history dem-onstrates that discriminatory actions breed immoral, unconscionable, and unconstitu-tional actions levied against religious, eth-nic, and racial minorities in the name of na-tional security, recent actions by President Trump have publicly fanned religious, eth-nic, and racial prejudices; Whereas, on January 27, 2017, President Trump issued— (1) an Executive order that suspends for 90 days the entry into the United States of im-migrants and nonimmigrants who are na-tionals of 7 Muslim-majority countries, pro-hibiting the issuance of any visa to relatives, family members, and tourists from the 7 des-ignated countries based solely on the nation-ality of the individual; (2) an Executive order indefinitely sus-pending the admission as refugees of Syrian nationals, even though, as of January 2017, there are more than 4,000,000 registered Syr-ian refugees who have fled the destructive civil war in Syria; (3) an Executive order slashing refugee ad-missions numbers for fiscal year 2017 from 110,000 to 50,000, even as other countries move to take in refugees; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.032 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S603 February 1, 2017 
(4) an Executive order directing the United States Refugee Assistance Program to prioritize refugee claims based on religious persecution in which the religion of the ref-ugee is a minority religion in the country of nationality of the refugee, a priority that singles out for exclusion members of the Is-lamic faith; Whereas Fred Korematsu remained a tire-less advocate for civil liberties and justice throughout his life by— (1) speaking out against racial discrimina-tion and violence targeting Arab, Muslim, South Asian, and Sikh Americans in the wake of the September 11, 2001, tragedy; and (2) cautioning the Federal Government against repeating mistakes of the past that singled out individuals for heightened scru-tiny on the basis of race, ethnicity, nation-ality,or religion; Whereas, on March 30, 2005, Fred Korematsu died at the age of 86 in Larkspur, California; Whereas Fred Korematsu is a role model for all people of the United States who love the United States and the promises con-tained in the Constitution of the United States, and the strength and perseverance of Fred Korematsu serve as an inspiration for all people who strive for equality and justice; and Whereas the recent actions of President Trump run directly counter to the history and legacy of justice exemplified by Fred Korematsu: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors Fred Toyosaburo Korematsu for his— (A) loyalty and patriotism to the United States; (B) work to advocate for the civil rights and civil liberties of all people of the United States; and (C) dedication to justice and equality; (2) recognizes January 30, 2017, as ‘‘Fred Korematsu Day of Civil Liberties and the Constitution’’; and (3) denounces any governmental effort to discriminate against any individual based on the national origin or religion of the indi-vidual. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 39—AUTHOR-IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDU-CATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS Mr. ALEXANDER submitted the fol-lowing resolution; from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 39 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (in this resolution re-ferred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2017 through February 28, 2019, in its discretion, to— (1) make expenditures from the contingent fund of the Senate; (2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2017.—The expenses of the com-mittee for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $5,105,487, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $75,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $25,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). (b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018 under this resolution shall not exceed $8,752,264, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $75,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $25,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). (c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  28, 2019.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019 under this resolution shall not exceed $3,646,777, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $75,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and (2) not to exceed $25,000 may be expended for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2018 and February 28, 2019, respectively. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. (2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers shall not be required for— (A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-ees paid at an annual rate; (B) the payment of telecommunications provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; (D) payments to the Postmaster of the Senate; (E) the payment of metered charges on copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; (F) the payment of Senate Recording and Photographic Services; or (G) the payment of franked and mass mail costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. (b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— (1) for the period March 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017; (2) for the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018; and (3) for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019. f SENATE RESOLUTION 40—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING ON FEBRUARY 5, 2017, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL TRIBAL COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES WEEK’’ Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. L
ANKFORD , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. U DALL , Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. D AINES , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. B
ARRASSO ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 40 Whereas there are 37 Tribal Colleges and Universities operating on more than 75 cam-puses in 16 States; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities are tribally chartered or federally chartered institutions of higher education and there-fore have a unique relationship with the Fed-eral Government; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities serve students from more than 250 federally recognized Indian tribes; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities offer students access to knowledge and skills grounded in cultural traditions and values, including indigenous languages, which en-hances Indian communities and enriches the United States as a whole; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities provide access to high-quality postsecondary educational opportunities for American Indi-ans, Alaska Natives, and other individuals living in some of the most isolated and eco-nomically depressed areas in the United States; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities are accredited institutions of higher edu-cation that effectively prepare students to succeed in their academic pursuits and in a global and highly competitive workforce; Whereas Tribal Colleges and Universities have open enrollment policies, and approxi-mately 15 percent of the students at Tribal Colleges and Universities are non-Indian in-dividuals; and Whereas the collective mission and the considerable achievements of Tribal Colleges and Universities deserve national recogni-tion: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week beginning on Feb-ruary 5, 2017, as ‘‘National Tribal Colleges and Universities Week’’; and (2) calls on the people of the United States and interested groups to observe National Tribal Colleges and Universities Week with appropriate ceremonies, activities, and pro-grams to demonstrate support for Tribal Col-leges and Universities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 41—RAISING AWARENESS AND ENCOURAGING THE PREVENTION OF STALKING BY DESIGNATING JANUARY 2017 AS ‘‘NATIONAL STALKING AWARENESS MONTH’’ Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. P
ERDUE , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. C RAPO , and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.034 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES604 February 1, 2017 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 41 Whereas approximately 15 percent of women in the United States, at some point during their lifetimes, have experienced stalking victimization, during which the women felt very fearful or believed that they or someone close to them would be harmed or killed; Whereas, during a 1-year period, an esti-mated 7,500,000 individuals in the United States reported that they had been victims of stalking; Whereas more than 80 percent of victims of stalking reported that they had been stalked by someone they knew; Whereas 11 percent of victims of stalking reported having been stalked for more than 5 years; Whereas two-thirds of stalkers pursue their victims at least once a week; Whereas victims of stalking are forced to take drastic measures to protect themselves, including changing their identities, relo-cating, changing jobs, or obtaining protec-tion orders; Whereas the prevalence of anxiety, insom-nia, social dysfunction, and severe depres-sion is much higher among victims of stalk-ing than the general population; Whereas many victims of stalking do not report stalking to the police or contact a victim service provider, shelter, or hotline; Whereas stalking is a crime under Federal law and the laws of all 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the territories of the United States; Whereas stalking affects victims of every race, age, culture, gender, sexual orienta-tion, physical and mental ability, and eco-nomic status; Whereas national organizations, local vic-tim service organizations, campuses, pros-ecutor’s offices, and police departments stand ready to assist victims of stalking and are working diligently to develop effective and innovative responses to stalking; Whereas there is a need to improve the re-sponse of the criminal justice system to stalking through more aggressive investiga-tion and prosecution; Whereas there is a need for an increase in the availability of victim services across the United States, and the services must include programs tailored to meet the needs of vic-tims of stalking; Whereas individuals 18 to 24 years old expe-rience the highest rates of stalking victim-ization, and rates of stalking among college students exceed rates of stalking among the general population; Whereas up to 75 percent of women in col-lege who experience behavior relating to stalking experience other forms of victimiza-tion, including sexual or physical victimiza-tion; Whereas there is a need for an effective re-sponse to stalking on each campus; and Whereas the Senate finds that ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month’’ provides an op-portunity to educate the people of the United States about stalking: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates January 2017 as ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month’’; (2) applauds the efforts of service providers for victims of stalking, police, prosecutors, national and community organizations, cam-puses, and private sector supporters to pro-mote awareness of stalking; (3) encourages policymakers, criminal jus-tice officials, victim service and human serv-ice agencies, institutions of higher edu-cation, and nonprofit organizations to in-crease awareness of stalking and the avail-ability of services for victims of stalking; and (4) urges national and community organi-zations, businesses in the private sector, and the media to promote awareness of the crime of stalking through ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I have two requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on February 1, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–106 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
The Special Committee on Aging is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 1, 2017, in room SD–562 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Stopping Senior Scams: Developments in Financial Fraud Affecting Seniors.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my science fellow, Christy Veeder, be allowed the privileges of the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENT Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I un-derstand an appointment was made during the adjournment of the Senate, and I ask it be stated for the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to the provisions of 20 U.S.C., sections 42 and 43, reappoints the Sen-ator from Vermont, Mr. L
EAHY , as a member of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-MENT—READING OF WASHING-TON’S FAREWELL ADDRESS Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that not with-standing the resolution of the Senate of January 24, 1901, the traditional reading of Washington’s Farewell Ad-dress take place on Monday, February 27, 2017, at a time to be determined by the majority leader in consultation with the Democratic leader. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. NATIONAL TRIBAL COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES WEEK Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 40, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 40) designating the week beginning on February 5, 2017, as ‘‘Na-tional Tribal Colleges and Universities Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. GARDNER. I further ask unani-mous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 40) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL STALKING AWARENESS MONTH Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 41, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 41) raising awareness and encouraging the prevention of stalking by designating January 2017 as ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. GARDNER. I further ask unani-mous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 41) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—S. 274 Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I un-derstand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 274) to nullify the effect of the re-cent executive order that temporarily re-stricted individuals from certain countries from entering the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE6.035 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S605 February 1, 2017 
Mr. GARDNER. I now ask for a sec-ond reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under provisions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2017 Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 11 a.m., Thursday, February 2; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of H.J. Res. 38; finally, that there be 6 hours of debate remaining, equally divided in the usual form. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator W
HITEHOUSE . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Rhode Island. 
f 
STREAM PROTECTION RULE Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, we are gathered here this evening to seek to defend against the Congressional Re-view Act effort to overturn the clean stream protection rule. It is inter-esting that this first Congressional Re-view Act measure that we are taking up should be one that puts money into the pockets of the fossil fuel industry and lifts their obligation to clean up public streams that they have ruined with their pollution. As I have been in the Senate, I am in my second term, and I am more than halfway through it. By Senate stand-ards, I don’t expect that is very senior, but it is enough that I have seen some patterns develop. One of the patterns I have seen de-velop is that my friends on the other side of the aisle talk a really good game on deregulation, on regulatory reform. They give speeches on the bur-den of undue regulation. They give speeches about the cost of regulation. Over and over they seek deregulation. But when it comes time to actually do something, every single time that I can remember, the deregulatory effort goes to the benefit of two groups. One is Wall Street and the other is polluters. The rest is just talk. Sure enough, here we are with the first Congressional Review Act effort, and the choices are money in the fossil fuel company’s pockets versus our nat-ural heritage of clean streams for our-selves and our children. And which way do we go? Put the money in the fossil fuel pockets—to heck with the clean streams. This would be 0.3 percent of coal industry revenues to clean up after the mess they have made. I grew up and I was taught that if you spill something, you clean it up. If you make a mess, you clean it up. But in this building, if it is the fossil fuel industry, if you make a mess, too bad, we will take care of you. You are our guys. We don’t care about the stream. We don’t care about the people who live downstream. We don’t care about people who might fish in it. We don’t care about the fact that this is God’s creation. We care about making the coal companies happy. It happens over and over. If it is not polluters, it is Wall Street. If it is not Wall Street, it is polluters. As to all this talk about deregulation, watch where it goes—Wall Street and pol-luters. Here we are with the archetypical challenge between private benefit and public harm. The very pur-pose of government—even conservative commentators say—is to protect the public from being harmed by those who cause them harm as they pursue their private benefit. What could be more the case than coal waste polluting pub-lic streams? We don’t care; we are going to go to bat for the coal compa-nies. I tell you, there are special rules around here for the fossil fuel industry. We heard President Trump’s prom-ises to drain the swamp of the outside influence of corporate special interests and lobbyists in our government. Well, particularly when it comes to fossil fuel interests, that oft-repeated prom-ise seems to have evaporated in the murky haze of his transition. From the very outset, operatives of the Koch brothers and other fossil fuel interests have infiltrated his team. Some of the biggest swamp alligators have floated up as his nominees to run federal agencies that protect our public health, that enforce our laws, that maintain our natural resources, and even those who carry out our inter-national diplomacy. With all these nominations, the President isn’t drain-ing the swamp. He is filling it with ex-actly the kind of big special interests that most Americans voted to keep out. Our Republican colleagues are jam-ming and stacking the confirmation hearings in a rush to fill in this swamp Cabinet before the American people can get a good look at the nominees. By the way, the byproduct of all of this is the swamp gas of climate denial. A strong majority of voters polled since the election called on President Trump to do more to address global warming. So let us look at the record of this fossil fuel swamp Cabinet. Today, we voted on ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson to be our Secretary of State. Like President Trump, Tillerson and ExxonMobil have been talking out of two sides of their mouths about cli-mate change. Sometimes Tillerson ac-knowledges climate change exists, pointing to a revenue-neutral carbon fee like the one I have introduced as the best way to address it. At other times, he plays up imagined scientific uncertainty and overestimates the costs of action. In 2012, Tillerson said: I’m not disputing that increasing CO 2 emissions in the atmosphere is going to have an impact. It will have a warming impact. 
As far back as 2009, he backed a rev-enue-neutral carbon fee like the one I introduced as the best way to address the problem. But in 2013, he questioned whether we should do anything at all to slow climate change, asking: ‘‘What good is it to save the planet if human-ity suffers?’’ That is the climate deniers’ false premise—that humanity will suffer from our solving a problem that they face. In 2015, Tillerson told an ExxonMobil shareholder meeting that he thought the world should wait for science to improve before solving the problem of climate change. He couldn’t find one State university in this country that would agree with him. He says that be-cause it is the fossil fuel industry stall strategy. It is so ironic coming from the longtime head of ExxonMobil to say we should wait because it has been well documented by the Los Angeles Times, by Inside Climate News, and by others that ExxonMobil—despite con-ducting some of the leading climate science for decades—has played a devi-ous role in undermining public under-standing of these dangers. For years, Exxon has underwritten a shadowy network of denial organiza-tions—we have called it here on the Senate floor the web of denial—with the purpose of delaying any steps to re-duce the use of fossil fuel. Between 1988 and 2005, ExxonMobil contributed over $16 million to a network of phony-balo-ney think tanks and pseudo-science groups that spread misleading and false claims about climate science. In re-sponse to public outrage about ExxonMobil’s role in funding climate denial—it knew it had been caught—it claimed that it would stop and that it had stopped. But in 2015, ExxonMobil was still funneling millions to groups pedaling climate denial. According to its own publically available ‘‘2015 Worldwide Global Giving’’ report, over $1.6 million, or one-fifth of ExxonMobil’s public information and policy research contributions went to organizations active in deceiving the public about climate change—groups like the American Legislative Ex-change Council, the National Black Chamber of Commerce, the Hudson In-stitute, and the Manhattan Institute. Under Tillerson’s leadership, Exxon spent untold millions of dollars ob-structing climate action and burying real science in a cloud of nonsense. The nonprofit research organization Influ-ence Map found that ExxonMobil spent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.065 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES606 February 1, 2017 
at least $27 million obstructing climate action in 2015 alone. This was after they had said publically that they would knock it off. Tillerson even fought his own shareholders. The Insti-tute for Policy Studies reports share-holders of ExxonMobil have introduced 62 climate-related resolutions over the past 25 years. Under his guidance, man-agement has opposed every one of them. Rex Tillerson once openly mocked a shareholder who asked about investing in renewables. Tillerson responded that renewable energy only survives on the backs of enormous government man-dates that are not sustainable. ‘‘We on purpose choose not to lose money,’’ he said. Well, one of the ways they choose not to lose money is by spending huge amounts on a big, complex PR machine to churn out doubt about the real science and to protect the enormous market failure that forces the rest of us to pay for the cost of Exxon’s carbon pollution. To say that renewable en-ergy only survives on the backs of gov-ernment mandates and subsidies is a bitter irony from the CEO of a com-pany in an industry that has been cal-culated by the International Monetary Fund to get subsidies of $700 billion a year in the United States alone from not having to pay for the damage that its product causes. Now, $700 billion a year is quite the subsidy. We heard this special brand of fossil fuel doublespeak in his confirma-tion hearing. ‘‘The increase in green-house gas concentrations in the atmos-phere are having an effect,’’ he said. ‘‘Our ability to predict that effect,’’ he continued, ‘‘is very limited.’’ Wrong. Our ability to predict that ef-fect is clearly established. The sci-entists who study our planet’s climate system know that is the case. They un-derstand that our carbon pollution has already driven unprecedented changes in the climate, and they know that ris-ing concentrations of greenhouse gases will bring rising temperatures, higher sea levels along our coast, a warmer and more acidic ocean, and changes in weather patterns. None of this is subject to serious doubt in the scientific community. When asked whether he sees climate change as a national security issue, Tillerson replied, ‘‘I don’t see it as the imminent national security threat that perhaps others do.’’ Well, let’s talk about those ‘‘others’’ for a minute. They are the ‘‘others’’ who are in charge of defending our country and its interests, the people whose job it is to monitor global trends and prepare for future threats. They are intelligence and security experts like the former Director of the CIA, the Chair of President George W. Bush’s National Intelligence Council, the former commander of the U.S. Pacific Command. The ‘‘others’’ include the top brass at the U.S. Department of Defense, which has in its Quadrennial Defense Reviews for years described climate change as a ‘‘global threat multiplier.’’ These ‘‘oth-ers’’ might just know what they are talking about, and they are not bur-dened with the conflict of interest of being the CEO of a company that is sponging a $700-billion subsidy off the American taxpayers every year. Per-haps the problem is that Mr. Tillerson is too steeped in the fossil fuel industry to hear the ‘‘others’’ who have dedi-cated their careers to defending the American people. The United States ought to represent to the world a model of democratic leadership and honesty. That is how we get away with saying that we are a city on a hill. That is how we explain to the world that we hold up a lamp in its darkness. The telling responses from Mr. Tillerson’s hearing matter because he will be the one to direct or abdicate America’s global leadership on this critical issue. We may be blind in this Chamber to the fact that the fossil fuel industry is calling the shots, pulling the strings, has control over our democracy, and is going around breaking our democratic checks and balances in order to seize control. But the rest of the world knows. You don’t think the rest of the world can see why this body will do anything on climate change when every American State university knows that it is coming on, when every American scientific society knows that it is coming on, when our defense pro-fessionals know that it is coming on and warn us about it, when NASA and NOAA know that it is coming on and warn us about it? You don’t think that the people of Russia and China and Germany know that we are the ones who have a craft driving around on the surface of Mars? You don’t think they know how good our scientists are, and you don’t think they know that the NASA scientists are telling us climate change is seri-ous, it is coming at us, it is going to be catastrophic if we don’t act—we have to do something? They know that. Everybody sees it. It is in plain view. What is missing is that Congress will not act because the tentacles of the fossil fuel industry swarm through this place. The world sees it and knows it and history will judge us for it. Tillerson has spent his career leading an international oil company that has been consistently and fundamentally dishonest with the world as to what ExxonMobil knew about climate change. His professional life has been centered on extracting—extracting fos-sil fuels from the earth, extracting drilling concessions from corrupt re-gimes, extracting special tax favors from Congress, and extracting profits for his shareholders. Well, American leadership in a dan-gerous world is about more than that. That is why I could not support his nomination. He is just one of several individuals nominated by President Trump who cannot accept the science of climate change or who harbors close ties to the fossil fuel industry or both— usually. Oklahoma attorney general Scott Pruitt is Trump’s nominee for Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, the bureau most directly responsible for leading the U.S. effort to stave off the effects of climate change. Mr. Pruitt has such deep polit-ical and financial ties to fossil fuel companies and front groups that it is hard to tell where they give off and he begins. He has served as the industry’s mouthpiece and attack dog for years. When he was asked during his Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee confirmation hearing to explain his dealings with the fossil fuel industry through secretive, dark money groups that he operated, which have been tied to specific companies he would be charged with regulating should he be confirmed, he provided misleading, in-complete, and evasive answers. So we submitted substantive fol-lowup questions, asking him to set the record straight. Once again, he chose to provide evasive and empty re-sponses. Right now, his record is a black hole of special interest secrecy about his dark money links to the fos-sil fuel industry. That ought not to be acceptable to anybody in the Senate. We have a constitutional duty to pro-vide advice and consent on administra-tion nominations. Any Senator who be-lieves that Congress should have a role in overseeing this administration should take note of this. In response to questions following up on Pruitt’s hearing, rather than providing infor-mation sought by the committee, he instructed the Senate to file open records act requests for the informa-tion with the State of Oklahoma. If Pruitt is willing to tell Senators who are poised to vote on his nomina-tion to go to the back of a very long, first-come, never-served line to learn more about his conflicts of interest, I can hardly imagine how unresponsive he will be when Congress asks for infor-mation about changes he wants to make to the renewable fuel standard, changes he wants to make to clean air protections, changes he wants to make to our clean water protections or to toxic regulations. By the way, he has stonewalled for more than 2 years, producing 3,000 emails between him and his office and identified fossil fuel companies and front groups—stonewalled an open records request for 2 years. His office admits there are at least 3,000 of them. Of the 3,000 emails between him and the fossil fuel industry that his office has admitted exist, how many do you suppose he has produced for the Envi-ronment and Public Works Com-mittee—out of 3,000? Pick a number. I will tell you what the number is: zero; not one. The party that for a long time had a really determined interest in emails suddenly has no interest in these emails at all. Emails? What emails? If it is fossil fuel companies on the other end of the emails, suddenly it does not matter. Pruitt does not want the Sen-ate and the American people to know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.066 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S607 February 1, 2017 
about his dealings with his polluter pa-trons. But we should know. It is our job to know. The public should know—but not when it is fossil fuels. President Trump also nominated Senator S
ESSIONS of Alabama as Attor-ney General, the position responsible for enforcing Federal environmental laws, like the Clean Air Act. He has in-vented the notion that the sky is not right in Alabama for solar power, say-ing, ‘‘In my home State of Alabama, one would think we have a good bit of sunshine, but in truth, we have a lot of clouds, and solar is not effective in our area.’’ In a 2015 interview with the Family Research Council, Senator S
ESSIONS  said he was not even sure that global warming exists. That same year in a hearing with the EPA Administrator, Senator S
ESSIONS claimed that ‘‘carbon pollution is CO
2, and that’s not really a pollutant; that’s a plant food, and it doesn’t harm anybody except that it might include temperature increases.’’ This is the man who wants to be At-torney General of the United States, who says he is going to follow the law. There is a Supreme Court case on point that says carbon is a pollutant. What does he say? Carbon pollution is CO
2, and it is not really a pollutant. That is just plain not the law. By the way, try telling my Rhode Is-land fishermen, whose stocks are dis-appearing from the warming waters off our coast, that CO
2does not harm any-body. Trying telling it to Senator M
ERKLEY ’s shell fishermen in Oregon who have had shellfish hatcheries wiped out by acidified seas coming in. I asked Senator S
ESSIONS at the con-firmation hearing whether, as Attor-ney General, he would make decisions in environmental cases based on sci-entifically accepted facts. Senator S
ES-
SIONS , to his credit, responded that he would and said that the ‘‘theory’’ of global warming ‘‘always struck me as plausible.’’ Well, if he is confirmed, he will have to hold a lot of these fossil fuel compa-nies accountable under our environ-mental laws, and I hope he will famil-iarize himself with the science that he committed to follow because I intend to hold him to his pledge. Last, over at the Department of En-ergy, Trump chose former Governor Rick Perry of Texas, a one-time Presi-dential candidate who campaigned on eliminating altogether the Department he now hopes to lead. Perry also does not accept the scientific consensus on climate change. He has said: Historically in Texas we’ve always had substantial periods of drought. World tem-peratures have also been changing for mil-lennia. I truly believe the science is not set-tled on the issue of man-made global warm-ing. 
Well, he had not checked with Texas universities when he said that. He was the Governor of Texas. He has not even checked with his own universities. I went down to Texas. I had a hearing with climate scientists from the major Texas universities. They came in and said what they knew: It is real. It is coming. We are already seeing it. It is important. We have to get ahead of it. It is caused by CO
2. We can solve that. Let’s get to work. It is not a complicated message. It is coming from his home-State univer-sities. Why would a Governor not follow the message of science developed and prop-agated by his own home-State univer-sities? Why? Because the fossil fuel in-dustry is so powerful that it will not let people recognize the truth. In the confirmation, Perry continued to hedge his bets. He said: 
I believe the climate is changing. I believe some of it is naturally occurring, but some of it is also caused by man-made activity. The question is how do we address it in a thoughtful way that does not compromise economic growth, the affordability of energy or American jobs. 
Well, if Governor Perry were actually being thoughtful about it, he would heed economic analyses like the Risky Business Project that show if we don’t address climate change in a serious way, worsening storms, rising seas, warmer temperatures, and other ex-treme weather events will cost the United States billions of dollars. Just ask the insurance industry. In fact, ask our own CBO who testified today that these are concerns we need to look at. President Trump’s Cabinet nominees should be working for the American people. But their public records show that they are more likely to listen to the Koch brothers, to ExxonMobil, to Devon Energy, to Murray Energy, to the special interests and the fossil fuel industry, and that they will not listen to our military, they will not listen to our national labs, they will not listen to NASA, even though they have that rover driving around on Mars and pre-sumably know a little something about science. They are more likely to pro-tect the profits of polluters than pro-tect the health of Americans. Mr. President, there is too much at stake here to let Washington sink into the polluters’ swamp. This whole sce-nario is an embarrassment to our coun-try. It is going to be a lasting stain on our national reputation. Bringing us back to this Congres-sional Review Act, here we go again. The Congressional Review Act action was brought to benefit coal company polluters at the expense of our natural heritage, our children, and our com-mon good, just so they don’t have to clean up the mess they left behind, just so they don’t have to clean up ruined public streams. It is just the latest demonstration that in this Congress, fossil fuel is king, doesn’t care for our future, doesn’t care for anything but what goes into its own pockets, and it is a disgrace. Mr. President, I yield the floor. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 11 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate stands adjourned until 11 a.m. to-morrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 9:25 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, February 2, 2017, at 11 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES  
NEIL M. GORSUCH, OF COLORADO, TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES, VICE ANTONIN SCALIA, DECEASED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
ROD J. ROSENSTEIN, OF MARYLAND, TO BE DEPUTY AT-TORNEY GENERAL, VICE SALLY QUILLIAN YATES, RE-SIGNED. RACHEL L. BRAND, OF IOWA, TO BE ASSOCIATE ATTOR-NEY GENERAL, VICE DEREK ANTHONY WEST, RESIGNED. STEVEN ANDREW ENGEL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL, VICE VIRGINIA A. SEITZ, RESIGNED. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate February 1, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
REX W. TILLERSON, OF TEXAS, TO BE SECRETARY OF STATE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G01FE6.068 S01FEPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE111 February 1, 2017 
RECOGNIZING FAMILIES IM-PACTED BY THE NATIONAL OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the R
ECORD  the personal stories of families from across the country that have been impacted by the opioid and heroin epidemic. In the U.S. we lose 129 lives per day to opioid and heroin overdose. In my home state of New Hamp-shire I have learned so many heartbreaking stories of great people and families who have suffered from the effects of substance use dis-order. Earlier this year, my colleagues and I were joined by many of these courageous families who came to Washington to share their stories with Members of Congress and push for ac-tion that will prevent overdoses and save lives. Since then, we passed both the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to provide much needed funding and critical policy changes to fight this epidemic. The advocacy of these families truly is so important to leading change in Washington and I am proud to preserve their stories. 
KEVIN ‘‘KEV’’ CAROTENUTO —PROSPECT PARK, P
ENNSYLVANIA  Kevin ‘‘Kev’’ Carotenuto was born on May 3, 1993. By the time Kevin got to middle school, he was a talented athlete and very involved in sports, however, school just didn’t click for him. Kev started showing signs of ADHD very early on. His mother tried to get him an Individualized Education Program (IEP) but was denied, so she put him in counseling. Kev turned to drugs to cope with the stress of his struggles. Kev was arrested shortly after his 18th birthday for robbery of three houses in his family’s neighborhood. He didn’t commit the crimes alone, but wouldn’t snitch on his friends. He received an 18 month sentence in county prison and $30,000 in restitution. Both Kevin’s parents visited him and put money on his books the entire time he was in pris-on. Six months after his release, Kev started using heroin. He was in and out of countless treatment facilities until he was sent back to jail in February of 2015. Kev was caught using heroin in a public bathroom and was arrested for violating probation. He was sen-tenced to seven months in county jail. Kev was released the Monday before Thanksgiving to a local halfway house. He was put on blackout for seven days and then was allowed to go out for four hours at a time. Kevin worked for the newspaper union as an extra so he would call in daily for work. The Thursday after Thanksgiving Kevin was booked for an 11 p.m. to 5 a.m. shift. Kev told the halfway house that he had work but proceeded to contact a cellie from jail who came to pick him up. When Kev ar-rived back at the halfway house he tested hot for suboxone. He was kicked out imme-diately and the halfway house never notified his family. Kevin was on the streets for a week before he came clean with his mother. Kev said it was time for him to be a man and he would get himself to rehab. He was approved for 26 days of treatment. Seven days before his release, Kev’s mother re-quested a family meeting with his counselor. The counselor informed her that on Monday the aftercare specialist was going to have a conference call between Kev, herself and the counselor. Monday came and went and no call, so Kev’s mother started leaving mes-sages with the counselor. She called every-day and left messages—no response. January 7, 2016, came around and Kev said, ‘‘Ma, come get me, I got my coin.’’ Off she went to pick him up. He came home so happy and ready to stay clean. He went to proba-tion the next day where he asked the proba-tion officer (PO) to see him twice a week to keep him honest, which the PO did for one week. The following week the PO told Kev he didn’t have time to see him so often. The PO ordered Kev to complete IOP, so on January 8th he called and was told the first opening was 22 days away. Kevin went 22 days with no treatment except for NA meetings and a bible study group of men in recovery. On the 29th of January Kev went to IOP for his evaluation and when he came out he said, ‘‘All good, my first session is on February 1st.’’ On February 1st Kev’s mother woke up and went into Kev’s room and found him sit-ting on the side of the bed with his head in his hands and his hoodie on. She said his name two times and got no response. She then called 911. When she went to touch Kevin’s shoulder, his stiff body fell to the floor. His mother saw the needle 1/2 full of clear liquid. She went to move his hoodie to get to his neck to check his pulse and all she saw was the side of his face—purple and cold. He was Dead. A mother’s worst fear comes true. Kev passed away on February 2, 2016, from an overdose of poisoned heroin. J
ESSICA MARYMILLER —GLENSHAW , P
ENNSYLVANIA  Jessica Mary Miller died at the age of 31. Jessica struggled with addiction for 15 years and was also afflicted with severe mental ill-ness. Jessica died at the hands of her mentally ill boyfriend. She had been in the relation-ship for only five months and thought she found the ‘‘love’’ of her life. Jessica had been doing much better than she had been past, and her mother was hopeful she may be ready to overcome her struggles with addic-tion. But like many women who battle addic-tion, she desired a partner who would make her feel worthy and wanted. It didn’t matter what they looked like, how old they were, or what they provided financially—she just needed assurance from a romantic relation-ship. One night, after Jessica boyfriend’s unem-ployment check came in, they got into a fight about how the money was going to be spent. Her mother only assumes this was the main argument from the phone call she got from Jessica that night. After they spoke on phone at approximately 10 p.m., the police were at Jessica’s mother’s door at 5 a.m. to tell her Jessica had been strangled and was found outside the steps of her apartment. At first, the police told her mother that Jessica died by suicide but the boyfriend was later charged and convicted for murder by stran-gulation and is now serving 25 years in jail. Jessica’s mother is writing to show that not only drug overdoses are killing our chil-dren, but also the fall out of both drug use and mental instability. Not only girlfriends or spouses, but the innocent children who can’t fend for themselves when their parents are so engulfed in their addiction. It has been three years since Jessica’s death and there isn’t a day that goes by that her mother doesn’t think of her. Many might fmd this strange, but her mother does not hate the person who took Jessica’s life, as he is just as sick as Jessica was. They chose to be together and she knew what he was like, and chose to stay. A mentally healthy per-son would not put herself in that position. This was not Jessica’s only bad romantic re-lationship, they were all bad, and her addic-tion drove her from one bad relationship to another. KENTDAVID CHARLES EDWARDS —PHOENIX , A
RIZONA  Kent Edwards, 18 years old, died of an acci-dental prescription drug overdose in 2003. One night during his sophomore year of high school, Kent called his mother to say that he was out with some friends and wasn’t coming home that night. He was calling because he didn’t want to worry his mother, but when they hung up she knew something was wrong. Kent’s mother waited for him when he came home at 6:00 a.m. Life changed for the Kent’s family that morning. Kent went to the doctor and tested positive for substances. His family restricted and monitored Kent’s activities.They made a lot of changes that next year and Kent ad-justed fairly well. He transferred schools and graduated with ease. Kent got a job he loved and spent time with his friends and family. His family thought they had dodged the bul-let—Kent didn’t want to be addicted to drugs so they mistakenly thought they were in the clear. It seemed that all was well, but Kent’s family didn’t know any better. Before Kent turned 18, he was scheduled to have his wisdom teeth removed. His mother filled the prescription before his surgery. As she was looking at the bottles, she noticed that one of them had fewer pills in it than the other. When she confronted Kent about it he admitted to having taken some. She asked Kent why and his answer was chilling. He asked his mother to think about a time in her life when she had felt ‘‘Great’’—‘‘The Best.’’ When she nodded Kent said, ‘‘The first time you get high, it’s better than that. It feels so good that you want to feel that way again—only it’s physically, chemically impossible.’’ He explained how the drugs alter your brain chemistry and why people take more and increase their fre-quency of use in an attempt to get back to the feeling of that first high. On a Monday in September, 2003, there was a knock on the Kent’s family’s door and soon they heard the words: ‘‘Your son has died.’’ Kent and two other kids crushed some Oxycontin and washed them down with beer. Kent got sleepy and the other two left. As Kent slept, the drug slowed his respiratory system down until it stopped completely. His roommate found him the next day—already gone. C
ALEB SMYTHIA —LOUDON , TENNESSEE  Caleb Smythia, oldest of four, was his mother’s biggest fan and the idol of his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.001 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE112 February 1, 2017 
brother and two sisters. Caleb was a great cook, loved all kinds of music and had a pas-sion for playing the guitar. Music became so much a part of Caleb’s life because he found it to be therapeutic. Caleb’s struggles began at age 16. He went through many rough patches and began abusing methamphetamine. When objects and money kept missing at home, his mother filed an unruly charge against him and Caleb became a child of the state. He spent over a year and a half in three different foster homes and one group home. Unfortunately, Caleb was never placed in a treatment facil-ity, even though he relapsed and tested posi-tive for five different drugs in his system. When Caleb eventually went home, he seemed to have his life back on track. After graduating high school, Caleb had hopes of going to culinary school. However, within days after graduating, Caleb returned to his old friends who were abusing methamphet-amine and pills. Eventually, problems with Caleb were so bad that his mother told him he was no longer welcome in her home. One late night in the pouring rain, Caleb knocked on the door. His mother told Caleb she would take him to the ER or to a treatment facility but he couldn’t come into the house. Even though Caleb was at such a low point and begged for help, the ER turned him away. Another night Caleb arrived at his moth-er’s door bloodied and broken. Caleb had been beaten and tortured for two hours by eight members of the local college baseball team. One of the players had given Caleb $35 and asked him to get Percocet. Caleb was so deep in his addiction that he kept the money in order to get a fix. To retaliate, the team forced a mutual friend to trick Caleb into another drug deal. When Caleb went to meet the friend, he was abducted, thrown in the back of a truck, and held down by his throat. The baseball team drove Caleb to a field where he was kicked and stomped while curled in a fetal position. Caleb begged for his life and promised to pay them $50 if they let him go. The next day, two of the boys came to Caleb’s mother’s house to get the money. One of them was holding the same baseball bat they had used to break Caleb’s knee the night before. Three of the eight boys were charged and convicted of felony assault for which they received 10 years pro-bation. Caleb refused to testify against his attackers in court because he felt like he de-served the beating. The Caleb’s family soon moved and every-thing seemed to be well again. However, Caleb’s mother worked two jobs and didn’t know that Caleb was getting into his grand-mother’s pain pills. Caleb went to live 200 miles away with his father. Unfortunately, Caleb wasn’t kept safe—his father also had a substance abuse disorder. Caleb overdosed and died on Christmas morning of 2015, after being sold a black market pills that con-tained fentanyl. M
ICHAEL ‘‘MIKE’’ JAMES TURNER —NORWALK , C
ONNECTICUT  So many people think ‘‘drunk’’ or ‘‘junkie’’ when they see someone suffering from addic-tion. What they can’t see is a person that is stuck in a body they can no longer control. Mike Turner suffered from addiction. He was also type I diabetic and had a chiari malformation in his brain. He had a long his-tory of alcohol and drug abuse and in the end, it was heroin that took him. Those were Mike’s labels, but that is not who Mike was—the man he was, was an affectionate, exciting and hilarious dad, boyfriend, son, brother, and uncle. He had integrity, he was honest, and charitable. Mike participated in Chiari Malformation Cancer, Autism and Ad-diction events. He planned on going back to school to become an addiction counselor. Mike acknowledged his issues and fought to better himself in the best way he knew how. Mike even went through a parenting course to try to be a better dad. He loved his kiddos—Mike Jr. and Amber—more than anything. He was all about his family and looked forward to weekly Sunday dinners at his mom’s house. Mike was a funny guy—pretty clumsy and always getting into mischief. He was so posi-tive and encouraged everyone around him in their pursuits. Everyone who knew the real Mike loved him. Mike had his demons, however, and he knew that overcoming his addiction was the most important thing. As long as he was using he was useless to his kids, his family, and his job. Mike knew the hurt his addic-tion caused others and that destroyed him. It devastated his family to witness his hurt and share his pain. Mike tried detoxing and treatment numerous times. He was part of a group called the SNAKES—Soldiers Needing Accountability Keeping Each Other Sober in Christ. In April 2016, he graduated from a program with 9 months clean. On April 22, 2016, just three weeks after his graduation, Mike was living with his girlfriend, Theresa, again: He woke up with a start that morning and said he had low blood sugar. By 8:30 a.m., his sugar was up and he said he was feeling much better. Mike’s last message to Theresa was at 9:17 a.m.: ‘‘no worries im alive :cP.’’ Theresa called him after her meeting around 10:30. He didn’t answer so she called again . . . still no answer. She kept trying. Theresa had an-other meeting that ended around 11:45. She tried calling again and there was still no an-swer. Fearful that his sugar had dropped too low, she ran home. When Theresa got home around 12:30 p.m., she opened the door and found Mike. Mike had relapsed after being 9 months clean. Theresa had no idea that he had been using. He overdosed some time between 9:17 and 10:30 that morning, on April 22, 2016. He was 33 years old. NICHOLAS WADEBRANHAM —FREDERICK , M
ARYLAND  Nicholas Wade Branham passed away from a heroin overdose on July 15, 2016. He was 30 years old. Nicholas was born on December 30, 1985. He struggled with addiction for several years, along with his girlfriend, who preceded him in death on January 16, 2011. It was her pass-ing that helped him to get his life together and to get clean. Nicholas had been sober for almost five years; therefore, his passing was complete shock to me and utterly dev-astating. He was my son. He was my best friend. He was my everything. Nicholas had a passion for tattoos and cooking. He was very sarcastic and funny— he always made me laugh. His family misses his laughter so much. Nicholas had such a kind heart. His mother loves to hear his friends tell stories of how Nicholas would prank them, but more importantly of how he would rescue them in a time of need or just be there for them if they needed someone to talk to. ‘‘I really just don’t understand any of this,’’ writes his mother. ‘‘I hate that this is my son’s legacy because he was so much more than that. Nicholas was a good person, a son, a grandson, a nephew, a cousin and a friend. He is so sorely missed. Rest in peace my dear sweet boy.’’ J
OHN‘‘BUBBA ’’ CARTER —PELHAM , NEW H
AMPSHIRE  John ‘‘Bubba’’ Carter died of a drug over-dose on July 16, 2016. Bubba was a sweet young man. He was al-ways looking out for others and putting them above himself. Watching Bubba self-de-struct was like a heart palpitation that just wouldn’t quit. He was one of those people that you only get once in a lifetime; one of those people who changes your life the sec-ond they enter it. Their smile lights up your life, and it’s something that never fails to make your day one hundred percent better. Bubba will always be that person for his sis-ter—the person who could always make her day better just by being around. Bubba never knew how much he was loved and how many people cared about him. He grew up in a lov-ing home with parents that never kept alco-hol or prescription drugs around. His mother is a police officer, who sees the tragedy of what drugs do to families every day on the streets, and his father has been in recovery for 20 plus years; it just goes to show that drug addiction can happen to anyone. Bubba started using drugs when he was 13 years old. First it was marijuana and alco-hol, and soon after he was introduced to Adderall, Percocet, cocaine, and heroin. His drug addiction took over his life quickly. The times Bubba was strong enough to ask for help, he would. Bubba went to his first treatment facility when he was 15 years old, after he overdosed by mixing adderall and al-cohol while at a party in town. ‘‘It was hard to see my mother struggling to get her son back from the drug monsters that controlled him,’’ writes Bubba’s sister. Bubba attempted many times to live a life of sobriety. At 16 years old, he entered his second treatment facility, after having high levels of THC that put him into a drug-in-duced psychosis. After completing this pro-gram, Bubba attempted to attend AA and NA meeting regularly but the triggers that sur-rounding him were too strong. The stigma of drug addiction surrounded him everywhere he went. Bubba encountered people that would attack his sobriety by bringing up his past drug use. This made him feel as if no matter how hard he tried to stay clean Ile was still living in the shadows of his addic-tion. On March 17, 2016, with the help of family and friends, Bubba entered his final detox and treatment facility. After three weeks, he left the facility and returned home. His fam-ily learned later on that Bubba maintained a full 30 days of sobriety on his own between March and April. He was very proud of him-self. Bubba relapsed in May of 2016. Two weeks prior to Bubba’s death on June 30, 2016, his entire family, along with some of his friends, attempted an intervention. At the time Bubba was no longer living at home. Although his family kept in contact with him, they had decided to stop enabling him hoping he would choose recovery again. During this intervention the police were also involved and tried to help him, but because Bubba knew all the ‘‘right’’ words to say, their hands were tied. They then learned that Bubba had started using heroin intra-venously. On that same day but before the interven-tion, Bubba called his sister and ask to meet up to talk. She frequently recorded conversa-tions with him hoping one day she could use them as a strategy to encourage him to stay clean. His sister immediately went to see him. When they met, Bubba spoke about his goals, and how he no longer wanted to live a life that made him feel unworthy to be loved. Bubba didn’t want to cry anymore, didn’t want to feel hungry because he spent all his money of drugs and didn’t want to struggle. That’s when his sister noticed the track marks on his arms. ‘‘My heart ached. My face drained in color and I started to shake. I didn’t want to see my little brother hurt-ing. Before I drove off, Bubba asked for a hug and said ‘If I don’t see you in two weeks, I want you to know I love you.’ But I didn’t know two weeks was going to come so soon.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.001 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE113 February 1, 2017 
Even though Bubba was suffering from ad-diction, it never stopped him from caring for and loving others; he was always putting people before himself. After his death, his family have had many strangers and friends contact them and told them stories about their interactions with him. Bubba always expressed to his family, that he was an out-sider and did not have many friends, but they knew that was his addiction making him believe those lies. As his family saw from the outpour of support from extended family, friends and the community, Bubba was loved beyond measure. They got a letter from a neighbor that said Bubba helped her weed her yard because he saw her struggling to walk with her cane. She didn’t know who he was until she saw his obituary in the paper. Another girl told them about how Bubba paid for her coffee in the drive thru and they became close friends and encour-aged each other daily. ‘‘Addiction is real,’’ writes Bubba’s sister. ‘‘It is affecting families everyday and mak-ing them question if they’re going to see their loved ones ever again. It’s time for us to unite and break the silence.’’ ‘‘I know that if my brother was here he would tell everyone struggling that it is okay to reach out for help, it doesn’t make you weak. You need to associate with people who inspire you, people who challenge you to rise higher, people who make you better. Don’t waste your valuable time with people who are not adding to your growth. Your destiny is too important.’’ ‘‘Our brothers and sisters are the first real relationships we have outside of our parents. Bubba was my brother—my first friend and the first person I learned to play with, share with, and laugh with. Bubba was the first person who picked on me, fought with me and taught me forgiveness. A life without him was never in sight. And I think that’s the hardest thing to get over.’’ f 
HONORING THE 90TH BIRTHDAY OF THOMAS H. BIRDSONG III 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cel-ebrate the 90th birthday of Thomas H. Birdsong III, a great Virginia business leader. Mr. Birdsong has a lifetime of leadership and commitment within the peanut commod-ities business. His company, Birdsong Peanut, is the largest company of its kind in the United States. Birdsong Peanut Company got its start in 1914 as a feed and seed store in Courtland, Virginia. In 1939 the founder of Planters Pea-nuts, asked the company to relocate near his factory in Suffolk, Virginia. That plant is still in operation today. Mr. Birdsong partners with farmers throughout the United States and sells to peanut product manufacturers around the world. His clients consist of companies such as Mars, Snickers, and Smuckers. Thomas H. Birdsong III graduated from Randolph-Macon College in 1949, received the Algernon Sydney Sullivan Award from the college in 2009, and in 2013 received an hon-orary degree of law. He has also served as a philanthropic leader at Randolph Macon Col-lege. His commitment to quality and service has proven successful not only in the peanut business but also in community relationships both at home and around the globe. I am honored to congratulate Mr. Birdsong on his 90th birthday celebration; I thank him for the many lives that he has touched along the way. It is for these reasons that I join Mr. Birdsong’s family and friends in wishing him a blessed 90th birthday and continued health and happiness in the years to come. f 
MITCH MORRISSEY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mitch Morrissey as he completes his tenure as the Denver District Attorney. I would also like to thank Mitch’s wife, Maggie, for lending her husband to the Denver community for so many years. During his time in office, Mitch made it his mission to protect the public, advo-cate for victims of crime, and respect the rights of the accused. He worked tirelessly to promote stronger relations between law en-forcement and the Denver community. For 11 years, Mitch has been the chief pros-ecutor for the Second Judicial District. Prior to his election, he worked in the Denver District attorney’s office for 20 years, 10 of which he served as the Chief Deputy D.A. In his role as D.A., Mitch was responsible for thousands of felony and misdemeanor prosecutions each year, supervising over 70 attorneys and 120 staff members, all while prioritizing victims’ needs. Mitch led an invaluable team of Victim Advocates with a particular focus on those in under-served areas and communities. He is nationally known for his expertise in DNA technology, applying it in criminal prosecutions and working to ensure DNA science is admis-sible in our courtrooms. In addition, Mitch’s re-lationship with and support for Colorado’s law enforcement community has been exceptional. Thanks to his hard work, Mitch is also the re-cipient of numerous awards, including ‘‘Pros-ecutor of the Year,’’ by the Colorado District Attorneys Council and the ‘‘Patriot Award,’’ by the Employer Support of the Guard and Re-serve. Mitch is also a true son of Colorado. He is a Denver native, a graduate of the University of Denver College of Law, the University of Colorado at Boulder, and Mullen High School. I congratulate Mitch for his achievements. I applaud his dedication, leadership, and com-mitment to justice for Colorado’s citizens. I am proud of the work he has accomplished and wish him all the success and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
APPLAUDING ERRICAL BRYANT FOR HER SERVICE TO ALA-BAMA’S FIRST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share my deepest appreciation for my Director of Operations, Errical Bryant, for her years of service to Alabama’s First Congressional Dis-trict. Today marks Errical’s final day serving the people of Southwest Alabama. Like so many on Capitol Hill, Errical started out as an intern for Congressman Sonny Cal-lahan in 2000. After working for a period of time as a door attendant in the U.S. Senate, Errical returned to serving the First District as Constituent Services Director for Congress-man Jo Bonner. She later added the respon-sibilities of Administrative Director and Sched-uler. Errical served in this position for over ten years, until Congressman Bonner retired from Congress in 2013. Mr. Speaker, I asked former Congressman Jo Bonner to share his appreciation for Errical. Congressman Bonner said, ‘‘Simply put, Errical is a wonderful human being—one of the finest people I know—and her many char-acteristics of honesty, hard work, dedication, and patriotic duty are the very qualities that will well serve America’s next Attorney Gen-eral. There are very few people in Alabama who have interacted with our office over the past 14 years who have not had the pleasure of working with Errical Bryant. In many ways, she has become the face of Alabama’s First Congressional District in Washington and she has always made visitors feel extra special and at home, forever representing Congress-man Byrne and me in the most professional manner humanly possible. While Errical’s strengths are considerable, her talents are un-limited and her love of country is second to none.’’ When I was elected to Congress, one of the first pieces of advice I received from Con-gressman Bonner was to hire Errical. I distinc-tively remember my wife, Rebecca, and I meeting with her to discuss the position. Dur-ing our meeting, Errical said ‘‘If you do every-thing I tell you to do, then you will be a really good Congressman.’’ Having worked with Errical over the last three years, I can say there was a lot of truth to that statement. As my Director of Operations, Errical han-dles everything from scheduling meetings to managing office finances to planning special events. She is a master of the little things and keeps the office running smoothly and effec-tively. Despite all the stress and pressure of a Congressional office, Errical keeps the train on the tracks and the schedule moving. She has also helped countless people from Southwest Alabama arrange successful visits to our nation’s capital. Upon their arrival to Washington, she has been a welcoming face ensuring southern hospitality remains ever present in our office. In addition to planning everyday visits, she has overseen ticket dis-tribution for multiple presidential inaugurations and major gatherings. Errical has arranged important visits to Southwest Alabama for other Members of Congress, cabinet officials, and foreign am-bassadors. These visits were planned and ex-ecuted perfectly, which helped leave a positive impression of our part of the country on both national and world leaders. As our internship program coordinator, Errical has also helped mold and shape the next generation of leaders. She has instilled professionalism and confidence in countless young professionals that will serve them well in whatever career path they take. In addition to all of her official duties and re-sponsibilities, Errical has served as the office’s unofficial party planner and executive chef. Displaying the same southern hospitality she shows to our constituents, Errical has orga-nized countless celebrations for co-workers, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.002 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE114 February 1, 2017 
usually bringing in a classic ‘‘Pouncey Family’’ homemade cake or pie. I asked some of her current and former col-leagues for one word that describes Errical, and I think these hit home: dedicated, steady, diligent, passionate, ethical, motivated, funny, sunny, meticulous, loyal, accommodating, con-scientious, and tenacious. Mr. Speaker, Errical has been ‘‘the face’’ of Alabama’s First Congressional District for much of the last fifteen years, and her service will be missed. As she moves on to begin a new role, I want to wish her and her husband, Thurston, all the best. So, on behalf of Alabama’s First Congres-sional District, I want to thank Errical for her years of hard work, commitment, and service to Southwest Alabama. 
f 
THE IMPACT OF THE REPEAL OF THE ACA 
HON. ROBIN L. KELLY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD this article concerning the re-peal of ACA. 
[From the Washington Post] R
EPEALING THE AFFORDABLE CAREACTWILL K
ILLMORETHAN43,000 P EOPLE ANNUALLY  (By David Himmelstein and Steffie Woolhandler) Now that President Trump is in the Oval Office, thousands of American lives that were previously protected by provisions of the Affordable Care Act are in danger. For more than 30 years, we have studied how death rates are affected by changes in health-care coverage, and we’re convinced that an ACA repeal could cause tens of thou-sands of deaths annually. The story is in the data: The biggest and most definitive study of what happens to death rates when Medicaid coverage is ex-panded, published in the New England Jour-nal of Medicine, found that for every 455 peo-ple who gained coverage across several states, one life was saved per year. Applying that figure to even a conservative estimate of 20 million losing coverage in the event of an ACA repeal yields an estimate of 43,956 deaths annually. With Republicans’ efforts to destroy the ACA now underway, several commentators have expressed something akin to cautious optimism about the effect of a potential re-peal. The Washington Post’s Glenn Kessler awarded Sen. Bernie Sanders (I–Vt.) four Pinocchios for claiming that 36,000 people a year will die if the ACA is repealed; Brook-ings Institution fellow Henry Aaron, mean-while, predicted that Republicans probably will salvage much of the ACA’s gains, and conservative writer Grover Norquist argued that the tax cuts associated with repeal would be a massive boon for the middle class. But such optimism is overblown. The first problem is that Republicans don’t have a clear replacement plan. Kessler, for instance, chides Sanders for assuming that repeal would leave many millions uninsured, because Kessler presumes that the Repub-licans would replace the ACA with reforms that preserve coverage. But while repeal seems highly likely (indeed, it’s already un-derway using a legislative vehicle that re-quires only 50 Senate votes), replacement (which would require 60 votes) is much less certain. Moreover, even if a Republican replace-ment plan comes together, it’s likely to take a big backward step from the gains made by the ACA, covering fewer people with much skimpier plans. Although Aaron has a rosy view of a likely Republican plan, much of what they—nota-bly House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R–Wis.) and Rep. Tom Price (R–Ga.), who is Trump’s nominee to head the Department of Health and Human Services, which will be in charge of dismantling the ACA—have advocated in place of the ACA would hollow out the cov-erage of many who were unaffected by the law, harming them and probably raising their death rates. Abolishing minimum cov-erage standards for insurance policies would leave insurers and employers free to cut cov-erage for preventive and reproduction-re-lated care. Allowing interstate insurance sales probably would cause a race to the bot-tom, with skimpy plans that emanate from lightly regulated states becoming the norm. Block granting Medicaid would leave poor patients at the mercy of state officials, many of whom have shown little concern for the health of the poor. A Medicare voucher program (with the value of the voucher tied to overall inflation rather than more rapid medical inflation) would worsen the cov-erage of millions of seniors, a problem that would be exacerbated by the proposed ban on full coverage under Medicare supplement policies. In other words, even if Republicans replace the ACA, the plans they’ve put on the table would have devastating con-sequences. The frightening fact is that Sanders’s esti-mate that about 36,000 people will die if the ACA is repealed is consistent with well-re-spected studies. The Urban Institute’s esti-mate, for instance, predicts that 29.8 million (not just 20 million) will lose coverage if Re-publicans repeal the law using the budget reconciliation process. And that’s exactly what they’ve already begun to do, with no replacement plan in sight. No one knows with any certainty what the Republicans will do, or how many will die as a result. But Sanders’s suggestion that 36,000 would die is certainly well within the ball-park of scientific consensus on the likely im-pact of repeal of the ACA, and the notion of certain replacement—and the hope that a GOP replacement would be a serviceable remedy—are each far from certain, and look-ing worse every day. f 
AFAQ SELECTED TO REPRESENT TEXAS AT THE CONGRESS OF FUTURE SCIENCE AND TECH-NOLOGY LEADERS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Shaikh Afaq of Sugar Land, TX, for being chosen to represent Texas as a Del-egate at the Congress of Future Science and Technology Leaders by the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Shaikh was nominated to this position be-cause of her excellent academic record and desire to enter the Science, Technology, Engi-neering and Math (STEM) field. Through this program she will be able to meet some of the most important leaders in the STEM industry, including Nobel Prize winners and top sci-entific university deans. The Congress of Fu-ture Science and Technology Leaders is hosted to help motivate the top students in the country to pursue their desired careers in the STEM fields. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Shaikh Afaq for being selected as a Dele-gate at the Congress of Future Science and Technology Leaders. We are extremely proud and expect great things from her in the future. f 
RECOGNIZING FAMILIES IM-PACTED BY THE NATIONAL OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the R
ECORD  the personal stories of families from across the country that have been impacted by the opioid and heroin epidemic. In the U.S. we lose 129 lives per day to opioid and heroin overdose. In my home state of New Hamp-shire I have learned so many heartbreaking stories of great people and families who have suffered from the effects of substance use dis-order. Earlier this year, my colleagues and I were joined by many of these courageous families who came to Washington to share their stories with Members of Congress and push for ac-tion that will prevent overdoses and save lives. Since then, we passed both the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to provide much needed funding and critical policy changes to fight this epidemic. The advocacy of these families truly is so important to leading change in Washington and I am proud to preserve their stories. 
CARLTON FREDRICK MESSINGER II— H
OLDERNESS , NEWHAMPSHIRE  On Sunday, September 28, 2014, Carlton’s (Carl) family found out that he had been using heroin on and off for about a year. They were as shocked and bewildered as any parents could possibly be. They asked them-selves: ‘‘How does a young adult who is a col-lege graduate and taking advanced classes in chemistry and biology, getting A’s & B’s in the classes so he can apply to dental school use heroin?’’ His mother immediately thought that’s not my child, there has to be a mistake. How did we miss this? How does a functioning member of society who six months ago started a thriving eBay business selling vintage transformer toys use heroin? There were many questions swirling around in her head after being told about Carl’s her-oin use. She felt, and still does feel, at times, that she is in a movie and this has not really happened to her family. She feels that Carl is out of town and will be coming back home someday. But then reality hits and she real-izes Carl is never coming home. Within minutes of being told about Carl using heroin, his family confronted him. After a lengthy, calm, and rational discus-sion, he confessed to using and that he was weaning himself off of it with Suboxone. Carl told his parents he wanted their help. The re-sult of that meeting was an agreement: Carl would immediately enter a detox program, then enter a treatment facility. After six phone calls and much frustration, his mother finally found a detox center that would take Carl. The reason for her frustra-tion was not that there wasn’t a bed avail-able or that they didn’t take their insurance; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01FE8.008 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE115 February 1, 2017 
the real frustration was his mother was told over and over again that if they didn’t take our insurance, they could not accept him as a cash-only client. These specific detox cen-ters had an agreement with insurance com-panies that they would accept approved in-surance clients only. Carl’s mother finally found The Farnum Center in Manchester, NH, where Carl could enter as cash paying inpatient client if their insurance denied the request for coverage. As expected, their insurance denied the request to cover detox treatment for drug addiction. His mother was told that if Carl had an alco-hol addiction it would be covered. She was also told that the insurance companies did not think you could die from drug detox. Carl entered The Farnum Center detox pro-gram on Wednesday morning, October 1, 2014. At the end of the six-day inpatient program, everyone in the facility was convinced that Carl was going to make it. They made his family feel wonderful about their son; Carl had stopped using heroin on his own two months prior and was now detoxing off of suboxone. They also mentioned how Carl had helped other patients realize they could be treated for heroin addiction and have a bet-ter life. Before departing, the discharging doctor mentioned that if Carl was not ready to go right into rehab, he may be able to stay clean on his own since he had already stopped using heroin on his own and had pre-viously used suboxone. In another lengthy, calm, and rational dis-cussion Carl made a case for not going to a treatment facility. Based on Carl’s request, and the information his family received from the detox doctors, they ultimately agreed. After he successfully completed the detox program Carl moved home, and his parents felt they could monitor his progress ade-quately. They all agreed that he would have to stay clean and sober during this two-week trial period. At the end of the two weeks, Carl would be drug tested. If he tested posi-tive he would enter treatment immediately. If at any time after the two week period Carl tested positive for drugs he would imme-diately go to treatment, no discussion. At the end of the two weeks, Carl took the drug test and passed with flying colors. His family congratulated him, and hugged him. They truly felt they had their son back and on the road to recovery. On Tuesday, October 21, 2014, Carl came down with a bad upper respiratory infection and was taken to the doctor the next day. Carl’s parents found out later that he never saw his regular doctor for this visit. He saw a doctor who was not familiar with Carl’s medical history, and had no idea that he had just come out of detox for heroin addiction. They also discovered later that Carl’s pri-mary care doctor never wrote in his chart about his heroin addiction, and having just completed detox. Even though his primary care doctor was part of the process of getting Carl help. Carl’s parents found out after his death that the doctor never asked him if he had any alcohol or drug abuse issues before pre-scribing a codeine cough syrup for the infec-tion. They learned that, five years before, the medical center had removed a template that would cue doctors to ask patients about substance use disorders prior to prescribing a narcotic. Carl’s mother had a conversation with the CFO of this medical center, only to be told that, ‘‘Yeah, we don’t do such a good job with this issue. Our clinicians need to be mindful of these issues.’’ When Carl’s mother picked up the prescrip-tion for Carl, she was not aware that Cheratussin AC Syrup is a codeine cough syrup. There were no labels on the bottle stating that this cough medicine does in fact have codeine, and it can stimulate drug- seeking behavior. However, buried on the second page of the patient prescription infor-mation sheet it lists the following: ‘‘Though very—unlikely abnormal, drug-seeking be-havior is possible with this medication.’’ The codeine in the cough syrup triggered the need for Carl to use again. His mother found him dead in his bathroom, with the sy-ringe still in his hand. The memory of find-ing him cold, dead and blue will be some-thing she lives with every day. ‘‘This is an experience no parent should have to go through,’’ writes Carl’s mother. ‘‘Carl died from fentanyl intoxication. There was no heroin in Carl’s system, only fentanyl and codeine from the cough medi-cine. As my husband has said: this was the perfect storm. Unfortunately it took our son’s life. Carl never had a chance to em-brace sobriety. I feel some of the people we put our trust in failed Carl.’’ ‘‘Carl was an educated, smart, and vital young man who came from a family who loved him very much. He had his whole life ahead of him and is sorely missed by his par-ents, brother, family, friends and everyone that knew him. We know Carl is in a better place. Carl will always be in our hearts.’’ T
YLER REED—POTEAU , OKLAHOMA  Tyler came into this world on January 27, 1992. Tyler was a natural fighter, inde-pendent and won the hearts of everyone he met. He excelled in all sports but was most passionate about baseball until ninth grade when he suddenly lost interest and quit play-ing. It was later learned that he had started experimenting with marijuana and alcohol and as a result, he started getting into trou-ble at school. As a single mother, Tyler’s mom found herself at odds with a strong- willed boy who told her he just wanted ‘‘to have fun and not be tied down by responsibil-ities, those will come soon enough.’’ By the time Tyler graduated high school in 2010, he was using marijuana and alcohol almost daily and experimented with K2, bath salts and Xanax. Tyler had dreams of becoming a Texas Ranger, but he had gone too far into his head and couldn’t see a way out. He had gotten in trouble with the law for underage drinking and possession of marijuana on several occa-sions. He finally got his head clear for a while and started working on the road to pay off his fines. Everything seemed to be falling into place, but his love for fun and adventure kept him searching for the next good time. On many occasions Tyler woke up still wasted, wondering where his money went. In May 2015 he came to me once again and said he was tired of the life he was living. He asked his mother for help. Tyler longed to have a straight mind and clean life but he just couldn’t seem to shake the addiction. Despite his desire to clean up, he refused to go to an inpatient facility. As a nurse his mother set an alternative plan of care in mo-tion and he stayed clean and sober for 29 days, until one day he left and she didn’t hear from him for weeks. When his mother put out a missing person alert he surfaced just to let her know he was OK; she knew he was using again. They talked off and on for a month while he was staying with a woman known in town to be a meth user. When she was arrested in August 2015 Tyler came asking for a place to stay. His mother let him stay under the con-ditions that he would get a job and stay drug-free. He did for a while but quickly re-verted back to his partying lifestyle. She struggled with him and the choices he was making. His mother didn’t know how to han-dle it. One of Tyler’s friends was found dead in a field from an overdose of meth, and Tyler was questioned in his death. Tyler’s inno-cence was later proven, but that didn’t curb the harassment he took from people that still believed he was guilty. That event shook Tyler and his mother thought he was on his way to being clean and sober. He seemed ready to conquer the world. On February 6, 2016, Tyler went out with some people he thought he could trust. They drank and smoked pot and when Tyler passed out one of them shot him in the spine with a lethal dose of methamphetamines. Tyler was rushed into the hospital at 3:00 AM on February 7, 2016, with a core temperature of 108 degrees. The doctors didn’t expect him to make it past the hour, but Tyler lived for 24 days in critical condition with severe multi-system organ failure. He was never able to speak a word again but he commu-nicated with eye and hand movement. Drugs took his life away and his mother believes he realized that on March 2, 2016, when he tried to climb out of the hospital bed—it was as if he was saying, ‘‘I am out of here momma, I’m going home.’’ ‘‘Tyler lived a short 24 years,’’ writes his mother. ‘‘He had so much more life to live. As I said before, Tyler was a fighter and very independent, he wasn’t going to be taken care of for the rest of his life. He thought he had control over his addiction and that he wasn’t hurting anyone but himself. But there are so many of us hurting because his life ended on March 3, 2016, when he stopped fighting and was set free from the pain. I hope and pray that sharing his story will help someone else who is struggling. I have to believe that his life was not cut short for nothing, that good things will rise out of this tragedy. Rest, my sweet Tyler, and save a place for me. I’ll be home soon. Until then I will share your story with whoever will lis-ten!’’ A
DAMSCHULTZ —SANDY , UTAH Adam Schultz was an incredible person, who lost his life to an accidental heroin overdose on November 24, 2012, after 150 days of being clean. He struggled every day with a substance use disorder. Adam worked hard on his recovery through treatment, recovery support, and medication. Adam was born December 19, 1989, and his family were lucky enough to bring him home on Christmas Eve. He was their 9 lb. 4 oz. big, baby boy. Adam was always smiling and happy. He learned to walk at a very young age and his motor was always running. His family often referred to him as the ‘‘Adam Bomb.’’ At five years old he was diagnosed with ADHD and put on medication for hyper-activity and impulsivity. Adam was gifted with his hands. He loved woodworking and became the handyman around the house. He was computer-literate and had received his A+ certification as a computer technician as well. He was regu-larly called by many with PC emergencies and were in need of troubleshooting or com-puter repairs. Adam never hesitated to help when asked. However, his true passion was working on cars. At age 13, he bought a 1966 mustang and decided to restore it himself and worked on it all through high school. He also loved his Mitsubishi Eclipse and always kept it in tip-top shape. As a teen, Adam struggled with depression and it was difficult to find the right treat-ment. The doctors put him on multiple medi-cations, which ended up causing seizures. He was then diagnosed with epilepsy and once the medication was adjusted the seizures stopped. Despite all the diagnoses and medications, the one that had the biggest impact on Adam’s life came in 2007, when he was 17 years old. Adam was diagnosed with degen-erative disk disease and given a prescription for OxyContin. This dangerously addictive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.005 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE116 February 1, 2017 
medication quickly became a problem, and Adam was soon physically dependent, not just for pain but also to function in his daily life. This was where his addiction began. In January 2008, at 18 years old, Adam checked himself into the hospital for being suicidal. He was then diagnosed with bipolar disorder and an addiction to opiates. He re-ceived counseling, started on bipolar meds, and was put on high doses of Suboxone to help with his addiction and also relieve his back pain. But six months later, after an-other night in the psych ward, he gave up on that medication and started using heroin. ‘‘It is absolutely paralyzing to learn that your son has a substance use disorder,’’ writes Adam’s mother. ‘‘The stigma of hav-ing a child struggling with addiction caused us to withdraw rather than seek help. We learned how to live life with the truth hidden in the back of our hearts. We knew Adam was more than his addiction, and we des-perately wanted our boy back.’’ Adam suffered and struggled for many years; finally, he found a medication that seemed to work for him. Adam received in-jections of Vivitrol for opioid addiction, and his life started getting back on track. After not using for 13 months, he relapsed and this time he started injecting heroin. After a six- month relapse, he set up an appointment to start receiving his Vivitrol shots again. In early November of that year, Adam was due for another injection. When he went in for his appointment, he managed to convince his doctor that he was ready to ‘‘try’’ one month without the shot. His entire life, Adam hated being on medication; whenever he started doing better, he insisted he didn’t need it any more. So he stopped taking Vivitrol and scheduled an appointment for December to be re-evaluated. Weeks later, Adam totaled his car on his way home from work. This was just too much and, after 150 days of not using heroin, Adam relapsed and lost his battle with addic-tion. Over 300 people attended his funeral. A woman Adam worked with told his family that just a few days before, Adam would have stopped to help someone fix a flat tire; this just goes to show you that people are more than their addictions. A
NDREW BENJAMIN SMITH—LASVEGAS , N
EVADA  Margie Borth’s world was forever changed on October 5, 2014, when her husband uttered those words: ‘‘I just received an email—An-drew is addicted to heroin.’’ The news hit like a baseball bat between the eyes. Sud-denly, all of the questions she’d been strug-gling with regarding her son were answered: Why so many car accidents? Why is he so distant? Why does he get mad and refuse to talk? Why doesn’t he have any money? Still I tried—I tried everything I could pos-sibly think to do in such a desperate situa-tion. I begged, sobbed, hugged, listened, scolded, yelled, pleaded—I mothered. I bar-gained with Andrew and with God. But he was just visiting for the weekend and soon he had to get back to his job. With-in two weeks, he was in the hospital with his first DUI and another wrecked car. He had overdosed on the streets of Las Vegas while driving. Thank god no one was hurt. He died just 21 days later, after spending a short stint in rehab. When remembering Andrew, the first thing people talk about is his intellect. He was ex-tremely bright; he thrived in accelerated programs and graduated from college in three short years. Many of his friends have said, ‘‘He was the smartest guy I’ve ever met.’’ Then we remember his razor-sharp, witty, often self-effacing sense of humor. An-drew was also inquisitive, a good listener and a loyal friend. He was polite and people took to liking him immediately. He was driven and it seemed as though he had the world at his fingertips. Andrew was confident about his opinions, view of the world and goals in life. He inspired many people during his short life. He was well loved by co-workers and a role-model for new employees at his new position in Las Vegas. His employer said they had so many plans for Andrew’s future. She told me he always volunteered for extra projects, never com-plained and would have given the shirt off his back to someone in need. Andrew began experimenting with drugs in high school, but his addiction to Oxycontin developed in 2009 while he was attending col-lege in Florida during the Pill Mills—Oxy was cheap and readily available. Andrew often expressed his frustration with trying to find people on his intellectual level; Oxy made him feel more like everyone else. Oxy made people, life and college feel tolerable. Throughout the trajectory of his use, he thought he was in control. Even when he was forced to switch to heroin in 2014, he told a friend, ‘‘Heroin is not so bad, it’s just like Oxy.’’ In August 2014, he took a job pro-motion in Las Vegas and thought he could leave heroin behind: ‘‘Mom, I never planned to do heroin here,’’ he said. ‘‘I planned to quit, but I realized I was an addict when I got to Las Vegas and still had to have it.’’ Even at the very end, when his life really began to unravel, he still thought he had the upper hand on this drug. He refused long- term treatment and thought he could return to work after detox. I spend the last 6 days of his life with him, he was clean for 19 days before he overdosed. During that time, he told me what I wanted to hear, ‘‘I don’t want to do heroin again, Mom.’’ But he struggled; he was deeply sad and ashamed of what his life had become. On the surface, he was a successful corporate executive who appeared to have everything in check. He had great credit and a 401k. But in reality, he was a struggling addict who lived for Oxycontin and ultimately heroin—he was desperate to keep it a secret. On a Monday afternoon, on November 10, 2014, Andrew handed me two red roses and said he wanted to go to an AA meeting. I was so excited that he was finally making progress and dropped him off at a meeting soon after. An hour later when he didn’t re-spond to my texts or phone calls, I knew in my heart what had happened. The hospital called 45 minutes later. He was found in the bathroom of a Petsmart just down the street. It was too late to save him. He died alone. I simply miss my son—he was my only boy and my youngest. Even though we lived in different cities, he was always present in my life except for the few times that he distanced himself due to his drug use. Even then, I knew I’d eventually get a phone call and a visit. I had hopes of grandchildren be-cause he talked about becoming a father someday. He wanted to meet someone edu-cated, maybe a doctor. What I miss most is what could have been. He talked about wanting to move to the Pa-cific Northwest eventually, close to Port-land, OR, where I live. I always thought he would join us. I miss his open-mindedness and intellect. His willingness to try new foods, adventures, places, his sense of humor. I miss our playful banter. I miss every phone call that ended in, ‘‘I Love You’’. Now there is just an enormous void in my life where he used to be. Sadness and tears are now a part of my everyday. RON SLINGER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ron Slinger for being hon-ored by the Arvada Chamber of Commerce with the Chairman’s Choice Award. The Chairman’s Choice is selected annually by the Chairman of the Arvada Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors to recognize a member of the community who has shown leadership and outstanding support to the Ar-vada Chamber. Ron’s extensive involvement, leadership and contributions in Arvada have resulted in a sig-nificant and long lasting impact in the commu-nity. His sense of humor and kindness bring positive energy and perspective to any oppor-tunity he undertakes. Ron is a true advocate for the Arvada Chamber and has fully dedi-cated himself to the betterment of the commu-nity. I extend my deepest congratulations to Ron Slinger for this well-deserved honor from the Arvada Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
SUPREME COURT NOMINEE NEIL GORSUCH 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in response to President Trump’s recent nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. I now call on my Senate colleagues to rigorously vet his nomination and ensure that his values and constitutional philosophies align with those of mainstream America. At this critical juncture in our nation’s history, it is important that this nominee be a fair and impartial adjudicator of the laws that protect the rights of all Americans. In the coming days and weeks, I look for-ward to learning more about the judicial opin-ions and constitutional philosophy of Judge Gorsuch. Unfortunately, Republicans did not extend this same courtesy to President Obama’s nominee Merrick Garland. For 300 days, Senate Republicans defied the Constitu-tion, ignoring President Obama’s nominee, and refusing to even give him a hearing. How-ever, I along with my Democratic colleagues value the Constitution over partisan politics. Therefore, I hope for a fair and vigorous vet-ting process of Judge Gorsuch and his judicial record. The Supreme Court will likely make many critical decisions in the upcoming dec-ades, affecting issues from voting rights to pri-vacy rights to consumer protections. America needs a justice whose interpretation of the Constitution aligns with American values and the rule of law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.006 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE117 February 1, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, due to other commitments, I missed the following roll call votes: Roll call no. 66, I would have voted yes. Roll call no. 67, I would have voted yes. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF SAM PROLER’S 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Sam Proler’s 100th birthday. The world was a different place when Sam Proler was born a century ago. The old-est of nine children, Sam was born to Ben and Rose Proler during war times. Sam started working at the age of 13 and was later joined by his brothers. Through hard work, innovation and perseverance, the Proler’s achieved the American Dream—Proler Steel Corp. What would become the country’s largest scrap metal recycling operation, Proler Steel Corp, NYSE (PS), started from a meeting be-tween Sam Proler and Henry Ford. It was that meeting that led to an idea that there could be a better way to recycle used cars. Through research and modifying mining ma-chines, Sam Proler did what no one else had done before—he figured out how to melt entire vehicles in mere seconds. At that time, the re-cycling industry could not keep pace with the numbers of discarded cars each year. His in-vention was a game changer that helped re-invent the steel industry, and this led to the employment of hundreds of thousands of workers in the United States at more than 35 plants. Because of Sam Proler, used cars and ap-pliances gained new life as recycled steel. In fact, his patented process is known around the world as ‘‘Prolerized’’ scrap. Sam Proler is one of America’s original, in-novative recyclers long before it was popular to be environmentally conscious. His innova-tion helped shape an American industry and protect our environment. When you go to sell a used car for recy-cling, remember the name Sam Proler. Be-cause of him, that car will be recycled into steel in a process that saves energy, con-serves our nation’s natural resources and pro-tects our environment. We know his lovely wife Marie, daughters Nina and Joyce, grandchildren and great- grandchildren are incredibly proud of what he has accomplished in his century. As we wish Sam Proler a Happy 100th Birthday, America also says thank you to one of our nation’s in-novative citizens. IN RECOGNITION OF OTTO CON-STRUCTION’S 70TH ANNIVER-SARY HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Otto Construction as they celebrate their 70th Anniversary. As the community and members of Otto Construction gather today, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring them and their long history of service to the Sac-ramento region and beyond. A three generation family-owned business, Otto Construction was founded in 1947 by John F. Otto. When he opened Otto Construc-tion, it was with the core values of honesty, in-tegrity, and compassion. He strived to provide the best service to their customers delivering quality projects while maintaining high stand-ards at a competitive price. When John’s son, Carl Otto, joined the family business in 1971, he brought his commitment to civic duty and community involvement to the organization which helped intertwine their business and the Sacramento community to create a larger foot print. Joining the company in 2000, Allison Otto represents the third generation. Allison’s focus is in the marketing department, carrying the same commitment to our community as her grandfather and father. Otto Construction has helped build the Sac-ramento community, not just with the projects they have done, such as historical renova-tions, building community centers and hospital buildings, but with the impact they have had throughout their charitable work. Otto Con-struction has partnered with the Society for the Blind, Sacramento Food Bank & Family Serv-ices, Eskaton Foundation and Sacramento SPCA, with many of their employees serving on the boards of nonprofits. A few notable projects include the Powerhouse Science Cen-ter, the California Lottery Headquarters, Bonney Field, the restoration of the Julia Mor-gan House, and Shriner’s Hospital. Mr. Speaker, as the family and members of Otto Construction celebrate their 70 years of service to the Sacramento region and beyond, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring them for their dedication to their community through their business practices and charitable work that have made them so successful throughout the years. 
f 
HONORING DR. CARTER G. WOODSON 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the legacy of Dr. Carter G. Woodson and to celebrate his legacy with all of you at Marshall University. We are proud to call Dr. Woodson one of our own in Hun-tington, West Virginia, and to celebrate his work to honor and remember the achieve-ments of African Americans. During Black His-tory Month, it is only fitting that we stop to re-mark on the life of the Father of African-Amer-ican History. Dr. Woodson dedicated his life to educating others, becoming one of the first African Americans to earn a doctorate in history from Harvard University. He returned to his alma mater in Huntington, Douglas High School, where he became the principal and shaped the lives of countless West Virginians. He also documented the important contributions Afri-can Americans have made to our nation’s his-tory and ensured their accomplishments were not forgotten. The Carter G. Woodson Lyceum at Marshall University will carry on his legacy and provide Black History Month events for the Marshall and Huntington communities. I wish you well as you celebrate the life of Dr. Woodson and the contributions of African Americans during the month of February. f 
HONORING JOHN ELINE OF PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I honor my constituent, John Eline, on his upcoming re-tirement upon 10 years of service with Adams County Emergency Services, and for his ongo-ing commitment to his community. Mr. Eline served as Adams County’s Direc-tor of Emergency Services and provided calm leadership, professionalism and a strong work ethic to a wide range of challenges, including implementation of a new digital emergency radio system and preparations for the 150th Anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg in 2013. Mr. Eline is also very active in our com-munity, volunteering with the Gettysburg Fire Department, previously serving 12 years on Gettysburg’s Borough Council and more than two decades with Gettysburg Hospital. Mr. Eline’s dedication has touched the lives of many people and challenged all with whom he served to be the best. His legacy of service to his community is admirable. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I commend and congratu-late John Eline upon his retirement after many years of service to Adams County and our fel-low citizens. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF TYRUS WONG 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of celebrated artist Tyrus Wong, of Sunland, California, who passed away on December 30, 2016, at the age of 106. Tyrus Wong, best known for his beautiful, impressionistic renderings in the Walt Disney Studio’s animated film ‘‘Bambi,’’ was born as Wong Gen Yeo in China on October 25, 1910. He and his father emigrated to the United States in 1920. Tyrus’ father taught his son calligraphy, drawing and painting, encouraging Tyrus’ ar-tistic talents. Tyrus attended junior high school in Pasadena, but left that school to attend Otis Art Institute, now Otis College of Art and De-sign, on a full scholarship. At Otis, Mr. Wong 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.007 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE118 February 1, 2017 
studied great western artists and Chinese brush paintings, especially Song dynasty land-scapes that expressed mountains, trees and fog with nominal brush strokes. He graduated from Otis and joined the Depression-era Fed-eral Art Project, creating paintings for govern-ment buildings and other institutions. During this time period he was a featured artist at an Art Institute of Chicago exhibition that included artists such as Pablo Picasso, and was active in organizing local art exhibitions for Los An-geles’ Asian artists. In 1937, Tyrus married Ruth Ng Kim, and after the birth of their first daughter, Kay in 1938, he began working for Disney as an ‘‘inbetweener,’’ where he worked on hundreds of Mickey Mouse sketches. After learning about Disney’s film ‘‘Bambi,’’ which was in pre-production, he created watercolors and drawings of a deer in a forest, and those tiny, evocative renderings became the basis for the film’s visual style and he became the film’s lead artist. In 1941, after a Disney animators’ strike, Mr. Wong went to work at Warner Brothers Studios as a film production illustrator and sketch artist, where he drew set designs and storyboards for movies such as ‘‘Sands of Iwo Jima,’’ ‘‘Rebel Without a Cause’’ and ‘‘Auntie Mame.’’ Tyrus retired from Warner Bros. in 1968, but continued to work as an art-ist, creating greeting cards for Hallmark Cards, working as a ceramicist, and building and de-signing exquisite hand-made kites. Mr. Wong’s life and work has been featured in many significant exhibitions at The Walt Disney Family Museum in San Francisco and The Museum of Chinese in America in New York City and his striking Chinese Dragon mural is prominently displayed in Chinatown. Tyrus is featured in several documentaries, in-cluding the award-winning documentary ‘‘Tyrus,’’ in which he shared his struggles with poverty, racism and adversity. Mr. Wong is survived by his daughters: Kay Fong, Tai-Ling Wong, Kim Wong and two grandsons. I would like to ask all Members to join me in remembering Tyrus Wong, a Disney Leg-end, whose innovative work inspired genera-tions of animators, and who leaves a lasting legacy as one of the foremost artists in Los Angeles, California. 
f 
LA PATISSERIE FRANCAISE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud La Patisserie Francaise for being honored by the Arvada Chamber of Commerce as Business of the Year. To be honored as the Business of the Year by the Arvada Chamber, businesses must have established a reputation for providing a superior level of customer service, using inge-nuity and innovation to overcome challenges, and be an active participant and supporter of community activities. La Patisserie Francaise is well known for their extraordinary leadership and heartfelt commitment to the city of Arvada. The owner, Sadie Russo, goes above and beyond in her commitment to the community through her do-nations to local organizations as well as serv-ing as an advocate for the City of Arvada. I extend my deepest congratulations to La Patisserie Francaise for this well-deserved recognition by the Arvada Chamber of Com-merce. f 
TO HONOR THE IMPERIAL COURT DE FORT WORTH/ARLINGTON 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Imperial Court de Fort Worth/Arling-ton (ICFWA) in celebration of its 37 years of service to the LGBTQ community in the 33rd Congressional District of Texas. In 1979, thirty founding members estab-lished the Fort Worth/Arlington chapter of the International Court System—one of the oldest and largest LGBTQ organizations in the world. ICFWA is a social-community service organi-zation that sponsors fundraisers for charities in the community, advocates on behalf of the LGBTQ community, and provides a social sup-port system for members of the LGBTQ com-munity. The ICFWA has given to a number of orga-nizations throughout its decades of service to Fort Worth and Arlington. ICFWA fundraisers have benefitted the Samaritan House, Cancer Care Services, Health Services of North Texas, Meals on Wheels, and the Aids Out-reach Center. Throughout 2015 and 2016, the ICFWA gave over $21,000 to various causes and charities. The LGBTQ community has experienced discrimination at their places of employment and in general society. Due to the work of LGBTQ advocacy groups, such as the ICFWA, progress has been made to ensure that Amer-icans of any sexual orientation are not treated differently under the law, have equal access to healthcare services, and that their rights are well protected. Members of the ICFWA have fiercely served the LGBTQ community by addressing the needs of those suffering from HIV/AIDS. The ICFWA helped form the Treehouse Commis-sion, which is still active today, during the peak of the HIV/AIDS crisis to foster coordina-tion among organizations aiding those affected by HIV/AIDS. Several ICFWA members sat on the found-ing committee of the Samaritan House, a home for persons with HIV/AIDS, in 1991. When the local AIDS Outreach Center lost grant funding, the ICFWA took on the respon-sibility of funding the food pantry so that cli-ents would not go hungry. The ICFWA will honor the work of all of its members in March at its XXXVIII annual coro-nation in Fort Worth, Texas as the Court chooses a new Emperor and Empress. I honor the Imperial Court de Fort Worth and Arlington’s ceaseless support and fearless advocacy for the LGBTQ community. INTRODUCTION OF THE STREAM-LINED AND IMPROVED METHODS AT POLLING LOCATIONS AND EARLY VOTING ACT HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Streamlined and Improved Methods at Polling Locations and Early Voting Act, also known as the ‘‘SIMPLE’’ Voting Act for short. I introduced this bill earlier today. This is a scary time for voting rights. We are witnessing an assault on voting rights the likes of which our nation has not seen since the passage of the Voting Rights Act in 1965. The President is alleging, without evidence, that there is widespread voter fraud in our country. We know where this is heading. It is just the latest attempt to turn back the clock on voting rights since the Supreme Court overturned a key portion of the Voting Rights Act in 2013. In the name of protecting Americans from supposed in-person voter fraud, a fraud that is virtually non-existent, States have been enact-ing voter ID laws. The real reason for these laws, however, has been anything but election integrity. It has been about partisan politics and discrimination. But don’t take my word for it. Take the words of legislators like the then-Pennsylvania House Majority Leader who boasted in 2012 that the state’s newly enacted voter ID law would allow Mitt Romney to win his state. While speaking about his legislature’s accom-plishments, he said, ‘‘Voter ID, which is going to allow Governor Romney to win the state of Pennsylvania: done.’’ Or take the more recent comments of a freshman Republican Wisconsin state rep-resentative last year who, while being inter-viewed about the 2016 election, said, ‘‘And now we have photo ID, and I think photo ID is going to make a little bit of a difference as well.’’ Or take the word of the U.S. Court of Ap-peals for the 4th Circuit which said that new provisions of a voter ID law in North Carolina, ‘‘target African Americans with almost surgical precision[.]’’ According to the court, the law imposed cures for problems that did not exist, and ‘‘Thus the asserted justifications cannot and do not conceal the State’s true motiva-tion.’’ The right to vote is the cornerstone of our democracy. It is sacred. Yet, sadly, we have an ugly history in this nation of efforts to limit people’s ability to access this constitutional right. We need to make it easier for people to vote, not harder, and that is why I have intro-duced this bill today. If enacted, the SIMPLE Voting Act would re-quire states to allow early voting for federal elections for at least two weeks prior to elec-tion day, and to the greatest extent possible ensure that polling locations are within walking distance of a stop on a public transportation route. It would also require that sufficient voting systems, poll workers and other election re-sources are provided, that wait times are fair and equitable for all voters across a state, and that no one be required to wait longer than one hour to cast a ballot at a polling place. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01FE8.010 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE119 February 1, 2017 
None of this should be controversial. This is all common sense, or at least should be, to those who want to help more Americans to vote. I urge my colleagues to pass this bill. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND HONORING EDDIE MANFORD BUFFALOE, SR. ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RE-TIREMENT FROM LAW ENFORCE-MENT 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and recognize my constituent and friend, Officer Eddie Manford Buffaloe, Sr. as he retires from seventeen years of honorable service as a courtroom bailiff for District and Superior Courts in Northampton County, North Carolina. The past seventeen years as a courtroom bailiff is but a part of a long and storied career in law enforcement that spanned more than half a century. Officer Buffaloe was born in Northampton County in Gumberry, North Carolina on June 3, 1931. He was one of ten children born to the former Geneva Brooks and Eddie Bruce Buffaloe. He attended Northampton County Training School in Garysburg, North Carolina which was recognized as a ‘‘Christian Institu-tion for Negro Youths of Both Sexes.’’ Fol-lowing graduation, on December 5, 1951 at age 20, Eddie Buffaloe enlisted in the United States Army. He served on active duty for two years be-fore transferring to the Army Reserve where he served an additional five years. After nearly seven years of military service, Eddie received an Honorable Discharge and returned to his Northampton County home. It was in 1961 that Eddie’s law enforcement career commenced when he volunteered as a Special Deputy with the Northampton County Sheriff’s Department where he worked the night shift. In 1965, Officer Buffaloe became a full time Deputy Sheriff with the Northampton County Sheriff’s Department. His love of law enforcement compelled him to learn every-thing he could about his work. Officer Buffaloe participated in and com-pleted significant training at the Northampton County Law Enforcement Officers Training School, United States Treasury Department’s Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms division; Roa-noke-Chowan Training Center; and the Univer-sity of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. In 1991 at the age of 70 and after sixteen years with the Northampton County Sheriff’s Department, Officer Buffaloe was appointed Chief of Police for the town of Rich Square. He honorably and faithfully protected the resi-dents of Rich Square and led his department for eight years. During his service as Police Chief, in June of 1996, Chief Buffaloe was tragically shot by a citizen during a domestic dispute but he recovered and continued serv-ing the people of that community until his re-tirement in 1999. Always driven to serve oth-ers, he embarked on yet another career in public service by serving as a courtroom bailiff for District and Superior Courts in North-ampton County. From 1999 until 2016—17 years—Officer Eddie Buffaloe kept the peace when court was in session. He served as a bailiff under three different elected Sheriffs and is now ready to enjoy his hard earned retirement. At every step along his storied life, Police Chief Eddie Buffaloe, Sr. was accompanied by his wife the former Ruth Langford. The two were married on January 4, 1959 and just re-cently celebrated their 58th wedding anniver-sary. Together, they had three sons—Anthony, Deon, and Eddie Jr. who followed in his fa-ther’s footsteps in law enforcement and now serves as Chief of Police in Elizabeth City, North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, Chief Eddie Manford Buffaloe, Sr. has dedicated his entire adult life to public service. I ask my colleagues to join me in rec-ognizing the dedication and selflessness dis-played by Chief Buffaloe over a more than 70 years first as a soldier, then as a volunteer Special Deputy, Deputy Sheriff, Police Chief, and finally as a courtroom bailiff. While Chief Buffaloe is deserving of far greater accolades from a grateful public, my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in expressing our sincere appreciation for Chief Buffaloe’s hard work and sacrifice. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FAMILIES IM-PACTED BY THE NATIONAL OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the R
ECORD  the personal stories of families from across the country that have been impacted by the opioid and heroin epidemic. In the U.S. we lose 129 lives per day to opioid and heroin overdose. In my home state of New Hamp-shire I have learned so many heartbreaking stories of great people and families who have suffered from the effects of substance use dis-order. Earlier this year, my colleagues and I were joined by many of these courageous families who came to Washington to share their stories with Members of Congress and push for ac-tion that will prevent overdoses and save lives. Since then, we passed both the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to provide much needed funding and critical policy changes to fight this epidemic. The advocacy of these families truly is so important to leading change in Washington and I am proud to preserve their stories. 
ZACHARY ‘‘ZACH’’ LEN—BRIDGEWATER , NEW J
ERSEY  Zach was born on April 20, 1989. He grew up in the ice rink—he started skating at four and never stopped. Zach had a way about him, always smiling and laughing. He was al-ways quiet and shy at first but once he was comfortable he would open up. When Zach went to college, he started to dabble with prescription pills. Zach did a great job hiding his addiction from the world. Eventually, it became clear that he had a problem, and that it was out of control. That is when the cycle of detox and enrollment in treatment centers began. This vicious cycle would take place every couple of months; Zach would be sober for some time, relapse, then start the cycle all over again. Zach and his sister’s relationship became very rocky during the three years prior to his death. She could read Zach like a book and he knew that. When Zach would use he would stay as far away from his sister as pos-sible and, when he was sober, it was like learning to love a new person. ‘‘I couldn’t stand being around him when he was using,’’ writes his sister. ‘‘He was nasty and argu-mentative. I would have done anything in my power to take this burden away from Zach, but he was the only one who had the power to change and overcome his struggles. And he tried. He tried so hard.’’ Zach touched many lives with his strength, determination, courage, and compassion. Zach was an amazing chef, and was able to make anyone laugh. He loved his friends more than anything else and would do any-thing for them. Everyone wanted the same thing for Zach: they wanted him to be happy and sober, but most of all they wanted Zach to stay alive. Zach was a free spirit and wasn’t afraid to be who he was. He loved going to shows with his friends, and sup-porting their bands. He would even make them continue to jam when everyone else was done. Zach would dance this dorky silly dance, smile, and enjoy life. He never seemed to worry about what the next day would bring. But things are not always as they seem. Zach was ashamed of his addiction; he kept it very private and vary rarely would ask for help—he wanted to keep his closest friends out of that part of his life. ‘‘It will be three years on January 28, 2017, and the pain doesn’t seem to ever go away,’’ writes his sister. ‘‘All of us—me, my parents, and Zach’s friends are still learning to live this ‘new normal’ life, a life without Zach.’’ ‘‘On that cold Tuesday, we lost a son, a grandson, a brother, a nephew, a cousin, a best friend. I will never get to go to a New York Ranger game like we always talked about, or a Dave Matthews concert. So many things we had always talked about, that now I will experience by myself for the both of us.’’ ‘‘I’m so thankful for all the times we shared and all of the memories we made as kids and as adults. I will treasure them al-ways. They are frozen in time in my mind. Images of Zach at happier times is the way I want to remember him. They say a picture is worth a thousand words, and I couldn’t agree more.’’ DANIEL AARON LUCEWICH —PERTH AMBOY , N
EWJERSEY  Daniel was considered the Golden Boy in his family. He had a high IQ and was loved by all of his teachers. Growing up, Daniel worked for his aunt and uncle at the family restaurant, Peter Pank; he was often re-ferred to as the ‘‘Prince of the Pank.’’ Daniel cherished the holidays and every-thing they were about—especially how it brought his extended family together. Dur-ing the holidays, Daniel would put up all the outdoor decorations—his family even won a place in our township’s holiday decorating contests for several years. From the age of ten, Daniel was well known within his family for being extremely skilled at assembling anything; he could put things together with-out the instructions. Daniel loved surfing. He and his friends would surf off the inlet near Point Pleasant. He also enjoyed bowling and golfing with his uncle and hanging with his cousins playing cards. However, Daniel’s most passionate hobby was buying cars and fixing them up. Daniel was always there for his friends. He was the person they called when they needed a hand moving, painting an apartment, or even changing a flat tire at three in the morning. Daniel truly had a heart of gold. He lit up a room just by walking into one. Dan-iel loved his two sisters Fallon and Katie and his older brother Christopher. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.013 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE120 February 1, 2017 
His entire family loves and misses him dearly. A
LEXANDER ‘‘ALEX’’ JOSEPH MARKS — H
UNTINGTON BEACH , CALIFORNIA  The final death certificate from the Orange County Coroner arrived in the Marks family mailbox: ‘‘Cause of death: acute heroin in-toxication.’’ On February 6th, 2013, Alex’s fa-ther found their 19-year-old son, Alexander Joseph Marks, dead in his bedroom at their home in Huntington Beach, California. His family found a needle and heroin on Alex’s desk. They couldn’t believe that Alex had turned to heroin and were devastated to learn this was the way their son had died. As you can imagine, the Marks family are having a difficult time. The wound is so deep, so raw; they thought he had overcome his addiction. Alex was working over college break before he was to go back to school to become an electrician. Externally, it looked like he was doing well, but now his family understands that internally, he was sick with the disease of addiction. There was no note . . . Alex’s family learned later that he had accidentally overdosed because after so many months of being clean, his tolerance was low. During elementary and junior high school Alex was bullied. He had two rare medical conditions; Osteochondromatosis (a rare bone disease) and Von Willebrand (a blood clotting disease), in addition to mental health issues. At a young age, he had experi-ences that no kid should; many surgeries after which he was prescribed pain medica-tions, countless doctor visits, and home health care nurses who administered IV medication. He was diagnosed with ADHD around the 5th grade. Alex’s Grandma died during his freshman year of high school. She had been the rock in his life and he had a hard time living with-out her. He began self-medicating with pot and alcohol to cover his grief, which eventu-ally led to him using pills and other drugs. Meanwhile, he was having a rough time try-ing to fit in socially and many of his friends were also using drugs. Alex was not involved in school activities, no matter how many times his family encouraged him. When his addiction progressed, Alex was admitted to the University of California, Irvine as well as Loma Linda Medical Center psychiatric hospital. Upon release, he at-tended a local treatment program and was expected to return to high school after 30 days. His family sought help from many medical professionals and was diagnosed with depression and bipolar disorder. When nothing seemed to be helping, Alex was sent to Heritage Residential Treatment Center in Provo, Utah, where he spent 8 months in a dual diagnosis treatment center. He came home and graduated high school but within a few months he was hanging out with old friends and local’s he’d met in treatment. In December 2011, at the age of 18, Alex was ar-rested and charged with a felony for receiv-ing stolen property with the intent to sell. He was sent to jail for 7 months. Alex followed the path of many before him; he was stealing for drug money—opioids. He ended up with 3 years’ probation with the stipulation that if he completed all that was required, the felony would be removed from his record. These tough learning experiences made him realize that he never wanted to go back to jail. He wanted his freedom—he wanted his life back. On July 5, 2012, Alex was released from jail at 3 a.m. (without guidance or supervision— something his family will never understand). Although he was overwhelmed by the court fees and classes he had to take, Alex was de-termined to succeed. Once again he was a joy to be around and his family believed that the worst was over. He started an electrician training program at Long Beach City College and never missed a day the entire semester. On Tuesday, February 5, 2013, two young adults came to the house; his family believes Alex may have met these ‘‘friends’’ at his court ordered drug classes. They also be-lieved Alex purchased heroin that day, from these ‘‘friends’’. Alex returned home from meeting with his probation officer around 7:30 p.m., had some soup, watched the Lakers game with his dad, said ‘‘Goodnight, I love you,’’ and then went to his room. At approxi-mately 5:30 a.m. on February 6, 2013, his fa-ther found Alex dead in his room. The corner report stated he had died around midnight. ‘‘I’m sure this story is all too similar to many you’ve heard or read before from other families who have been through this night-mare,’’ writes Alex’s mother. ‘‘These past 4
1⁄2 years have been the most difficult of our lives.’’ ‘‘One of the most frustrating parts of this journey, was how hard it was to get good help for Alex. I prayed each and every day for God to shine his light upon my son; to bring the right people into his life. He needed someone other than his parents to help him but this did not happen.’’ ‘‘As you can imagine, writing this is very difficult, but we must not stay silent. We must speak out in order to make the changes that are needed both for mental health and addiction treatment in this country.’’ S
EANMCLARTY —AUSTELL , GEORGIA  Sean McLarty was born on July 11, 1980, in Lithia Springs, Georgia. Growing up, he was a very happy and loving child and he carried those qualities into adulthood. Sean was al-ways an absolute joy to be around. He had a knack for making people smile; the room would light up whenever he entered. He had two children, Caleb and Mina, who were the loves of his life. Sean always had an aspiration for acting and went on to be featured in several films and TV shows. He had a small role in one of Tyler Perry’s House of Payne episodes; played a mute crook in a movie called Three Rookies; was in the youtube series Fighting Angels; and had roles in various short films. Sean was also exceptional at repairing com-puters and electronics—if it was broken, he could fix it. Prior to his unexpected death, Sean want-ed to start an organization that he would name ‘‘Families Against Drugs,’’ to help families affected by addiction, and let them know they are not alone in this fight. He had a huge vision for this organization. However, Sean could not seem to help himself. On March 28, 2011, Sean was found dead in a motel room just south of Atlanta, Georgia. The autopsy report determined the cause of death to be from the toxic effects of Meth-amphetamine. However, even the police offi-cer in charge of his case, didn’t believe there was enough meth in Sean’s system to cause death. After speaking to someone close to him, Sean’s family found out that he had been in possession of a drug called 1,4–Butanediol, which is comparable to the drug ‘‘gamma- Hydroxybutyric acid’’ (GHB); and acts as a stimulant and aphrodisiac, enhancing eupho-ria. This drug is what is believed to have killed Sean. 1,4–Butanediol is odorless, color-less, and extremely difficult to detect in toxicology screening. Sean was never a regular drug user, he used more casually. When Sean died from an overdose, it seemed unreal that it would hap-pen to someone like him, with so much po-tential and life left to live. A
MBER MERSING —PITTSBURGH , P
ENNSYLVANIA  ‘‘Thinking about Amber’s story and how to share it with 144aDay was difficult,’’ writes Amber’s Uncle Lou. ‘‘I am sure you all un-derstand the emotions involved in putting this together. As I thought, I recalled Amber’s funeral service in Pittsburgh, PA. Her grandfather and her cousin (my daugh-ter) both spoke wonderful words during the service and I felt this would be the best way to share Amber’s story.’’ ‘‘Below is what my daughter Gianna (12 years old) wrote. She stood and delivered this to everyone at Amber’s funeral service. Savannah (Gianna’s sister/Amber’s cousin) stood up at the podium to read a scripture with her Aunt Nina (Amber’s Mom). I am so proud of all of them.’’ Hello, Amber was like a sister to me. We had so much fun together from gymnastics com-petitions to dancing. I loved her so much. I loved how we were close cousins. And I will always remember all the fun we had. I am gonna miss her alot. I want for everyone in this room to remember that she is looking down at us. One more thing—in heaven she is with Blaze. She used to dress up with him and get their picture taken. Amber’s grandfather delivered a beautiful eulogy after Gianna spoke, here is what he said: Where do I begin? I feel like a bird with a broken wing. God only allowed us to have Amber for a short period of time but during that time she touched many lives and left us with a lot of memories. To me, she was both a child and a grandchild; the two could never be separated. She brought the joy of a grand-child and the anxiety of a child all at one time. Amber came into my life as a toddler and those good memories will remain with me forever. I thank God for putting Amber in my life and I am thankful that I got to see her grow from a helpless little girl into a beautiful young lady. Amber was a big part of my life for the last twenty plus years. I was blessed to have known her for most of her time on Earth. I’m sure that Amber has left all of you with a lot of good memories and I hope that you share those memories with me and with each other some time. Amber liked being the center of attention when she was in her comfort zone, but would hide when that comfort zone began to col-lapse. She dreamed of singing in front of a large audience when it was just a couple of us. But when the couple of us became a few of us, she would go into hibernation. She was both shy and outgoing and could switch from one to the other and back again in the blink of an eye. Her creativity was endless. She and Grand-ma could turn scraps of anything into works of art. Amber had an interest in everything from acrobatics to woodworking and all things in between. Amber gave me those hand-made treasures with such pride and I still have many of them. Amber also had that gentle side. She sel-dom raised her voice and was uncomfortable when others did so in anger. She was a care-taker at heart, which showed when she worked at Norbert’s. Amber was the oldest of our grandkids, so she loved playing with and helping her younger cousins. She learned pa-tience from her Grandma and passed some of that on to me. I loved those hugs when we parted company. Amber could light up any room she entered even as she struggled with depression—she so wanted to be happy. She handled the depres-sion in the best way that she could. I watched her go through those ups and downs so many times. When she thought she had a plan to regain control of her life, she would get slapped down again and would not be ca-pable of following through with her plan. After seeing Amber’s struggle, I thanked God that I have never personally experienced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.015 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE121 February 1, 2017 
those ups and downs. I also thank God that it is not my place to judge her if she felt that she was doing her best. Jesus said, ‘‘Judge not, and you will not be judged, condemn not, and you will not be condemned, forgive, and you will be forgiven.’’ (Luke 6:37) Be-cause one’s behavior toward others often ends up being paid back in kind—and some-times even to a greater degree—Jesus con-tinued to urge His disciples to be tolerant. In particular, Jesus prohibits condemning oth-ers and commends forgiveness. I remember Amber as that little girl who would run and jump on my lap in happiness and run to me when she was afraid. There were the play-in-the-dirt clothes and pretty girl dresses; dance lessons, softball games, and taekwondo; pierced ears, nose, lip, etc; curly hair, braided hair, and straight hair; tennis shoes and high heels; Disney movies and The Nightmare Before Christmas; school and church; and so on and so on and so on. Pick any of them or add your own. Some of them I didn’t like at the time but I’m going to miss every single one. I have a lot of memories and no one can take them away. Amber has been immortalized in my heart and those memories will remain. I’m sure all of you have fond memories of Amber that you will hold on to. Amber believed in God and I believe that Jesus has welcomed her into Heaven where she will spend eternity. Amber no longer has to deal with the pain associated with mor-tality. I have faith that I will see her again and that she will be there to welcome me into eternity. I will miss her dearly but I can now think of her as an angel that is looking over me and she will look out for me when I need help. I love you Amber and I always will. T
RENTON MUNN—IONIA, MICHIGAN  Trenton Munn, died August 21, 2016, from an accidental heroin overdose. He was 31 years old. Trenton suffered from drug addiction since his late teen years. He fast became addicted to Oxycontin, and when that became hard to come by, he turned to heroin. It was a cheap-er, easier to find alternative. When his son, Harley was born in May 2012, Trenton tried to quit cold turkey. He wanted to get clean for his son. Trenton also suf-fered from anxiety and depression. During the past four years Trenton tried repeatedly to get off heroin. This past March his family discovered that Trenton had advanced to shooting up heroin. Even though he had said he would not stick a needle in his veins. After many failed attempts in treatment, with everyone telling us we had to do tough love, we decided to remove Trenton from our home. It broke his familys hearts having to put their child out on the streets. Trenton was then taken in by a friend. The friend promised he didn’t condone heroin and there’d be none of it in his home. Throughout this past summer, Trenton would come to his family’s home for his pa-rental visits with his son. Since his son’s mother had gotten in trouble with the law, Trenton was given full custody of Harley. Trenton also had just began a new job, was looking healthier and had gained some weight. His family thought he was kicking his addiction. Things were looking up. Due to Trenton not having a car, his par-ents were driving him to and from work. The last day they saw their son was Saturday, August 20, 2016. They picked him up from work at 4:00 p.m., as usual. Nothing really seemed out of the ordinary, other than Tren-ton not asking what his mother was making for supper. He normally would come have dinner with his family. When his parents arrived at the friend’s house where Trenton was living, he told them he’d see them in the morning and that he loved them. He didn’t text or call them that evening. The dreaded call came at 4:21 a.m. from the friend Trenton was living with. The friend began with: ‘‘I think you need to come out here!’’ Trenton’s mother asked him what was wrong and he replied, ‘‘I think Trent’s over-dosing!’’ His mother hung up the phone im-mediately, jumped out of bed screaming. They got into their car and drove as fast as they could. They arrived at the friend’s home in a mat-ter of minutes. The police and the ambulance were already there. They were met by an of-ficer on the porch of the house. It was too late. Trenton was dead. The authorities believe Trenton received what they call a ‘‘hot load’’: heroin laced with fentanyl. That same weekend, over 75 overdoses were reported in Ohio. The heroin was laced with elephant tranquilizers. ‘‘This has been the worse pain we ever felt,’’ writes Trenton’s mother. ‘‘Nothing or no one can ever bring our son back. Our grandson is going to grow up without his fa-ther.’’ f JEFFERSON CENTER FOR MENTAL HEALTH 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud the Jefferson Center for Mental Health for being honored by the Arvada Chamber of Commerce as the Non-Profit of the Year. To be honored as the Non-Profit of the Year by the Arvada Chamber, a non-profit must show how they support Arvada through their programs, services and involvement. These non-profits are known for their ingenuity and innovation to overcome challenges as well as their active and effective work with the local business community. The Jefferson Center for Mental Health is one of these non-profits. As a community mental health center that looks to inspire hope and improve the lives of the members of their community, their incredible work and innova-tive approach has helped to serve those in our community who often have nowhere else to turn. In addition to receiving this recognition, Jefferson Center for Mental Health has also been named a Top Workplace for four straight years by the Denver Post. I extend my deepest congratulations to the Jefferson Center for Mental Health for this well-deserved recognition by the Arvada Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BLACK HISTORY MONTH 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I rise today to celebrate Black History Month and its 2017 theme—The Crisis in Black Education. This year’s theme reflects on the crucial role of education in the past, present, and future of the African Amer-ican community. As Americans, we come to-gether to commend the many educators, writ-ers, and mentors who have worked so dili-gently to improve educational opportunities for African American students throughout the country, but we must acknowledge that there is still much more progress to be made. Throughout American history, the unfortu-nate reality is that there have been racial bar-riers to equal education. The crisis in black education began during the era of slavery when it was against the law for slaves to learn how to read and write. Before the Civil War, free blacks in northern cities had to walk long distances to attend the one school regulated solely for African American students, while this limitation did not exist for white children. By 1910, segregation was established throughout the south. African American schools were of lower quality and received less government funding per student than in white schools. Dur-ing the Civil Rights Movement, significant steps toward positive change were made, in-cluding the Supreme Court case of Brown vs. Board of Education, which outlawed seg-regated school facilities for black and white students at the state level. The Civil Rights Act of 1964 ended state and local laws requir-ing segregation. Today, many African American youth remain exposed to public school systems where re-sources are limited, overcrowding occurs, and a glaring racial achievement gap is evident, especially in urban areas. As Americans, we must continue to work together to resolve the crisis in black education as it is, without a doubt, one of the most critical issues facing our communities. This month and always, it is important that we honor and celebrate America’s greatest advocates for equal rights and civil liberties. Along with this month’s theme, we honor those who have fought for equal educational opportunities for African Americans, including Booker T. Washington, W.E.B. Du Bois, Cor-nell West, Maxine Smith, Carlotta Walls La-Nier, Joe Lewis Clark, Fannie Jackson Coppin, and Alexander Crummell, among many others. As we pay tribute to these he-roes of American history, let us remember their profound perseverance, sacrifice, and struggle in the fight for freedom and equality, and the remarkable impact their contributions have had in shaping our great nation. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distin-guished colleagues join me in celebrating Black History Month and honoring those who fought, and continue to fight, for civil rights and justice. We honor the African American educators, scholars, and supporters of edu-cational equality, who have played such a crit-ical role in changing the landscape of Amer-ican society for the better. As we reflect on the state of black education, let us never forget the struggle of our predecessors while remem-bering that there is still much work to be done. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF WIN AND POLLY BELANGER 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Win and Polly Belanger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.016 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE122 February 1, 2017 
of Willsboro, New York, for their consistent and enduring dedication to community service. After retiring from the United States Air Force in 1988, Win Belanger moved to Willsboro, New York, with his wife Polly, where they have worked for the betterment of their community by lending both their ears and their voice. By urging individuals in Essex County to be-come more involved in their government and enter into public service, the Belangers have helped to encourage authentic and sincere representation. Additionally, Win has shown a steadfast commitment to the wellbeing of his peers through his work on the Willsboro Cen-tral School budget committee, the town zoning board and as a founding member and officer of the Willsboro Community Housing Assist-ance Task Force. On behalf of Essex County, I would like to thank Win and Polly for their service, their pa-triotism and their friendship, while also wishing them the best of luck in their future endeavors. 
f 
MEGAN VILLANUEVA SELECTED TO REPRESENT TEXAS AT CON-GRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Megan Villanueva of Katy, TX, for being chosen to represent Texas as a Dele-gate at the Congress of Future Medical Lead-ers by the National Academy of Future Physi-cians and Medical Scientists. The Congress of Future of Medical Leaders is an honors program for high school students who plan to become physicians or go into medical research fields. Students must be nominated by their teachers, have a minimum 3.5 GPA, proven desire to enter the medical field, and inspire and motivate their peers. Multi-talented Megan has also received awards and has been acknowledged for her artistic skills. In junior high school, she also won the gold medal at the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo School Art Program com-petition. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Megan Villanueva for being selected to rep-resent Texas at the Congress of Future Med-ical Leaders. We wish her luck and look for-ward to seeing her future success in the med-ical field. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DIANA FOOD’S IN-VESTMENT IN BANKS COUNTY, GEORGIA 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to announce the exciting economic investment Diana Food, a global provider of natural ingredients to the food and beverage industries, has made in Banks County, Geor-gia. Georgia has previously been recognized as one of the best states for business, and Diana Food’s decision to establish a facility in Northeast Georgia is a testament to the strong workforce and economic promise that Georgia provides. Diana Food provides innovative, sustainable ingredients for the food industry, and the com-pany’s new $50 million facility will provide more than 80 new jobs to the heart of the Ninth District of Georgia, invigorating the local economy and showcasing Georgia as a pre-mier state in which to do business. I grew up and raised a family just a county line over from Banks County, and can attest to the vigor of the local economy; Diana Food made the right choice. This decision is a win for Banks County, for the state of Georgia, and, most im-portantly, for the people who call our corner of the Peach State home. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate Banks County on its economic drive and Diana Food on their decision to expand oper-ations to Georgia. I am looking forward to see-ing the positive community impact this invest-ment will have on Banks County, Northeast Georgia, and the future of Georgia business. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN H. RUTHERFORD 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained and I missed the following roll call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: YEA on Roll Call 36 NAY on Roll Call 37 NAY on Roll Call 38 NAY on Roll Call 39 NAY on Roll Call 40 NAY on Roll Call 41 NAY on Roll Call 42 NAY on Roll Call 43 NAY on Roll Call 44 YEA on Roll Call 45 NAY on Roll Call 46 NAY on Roll Call 47 NAY on Roll Call 48 NAY on Roll Call 49 NAY on Roll Call 50 YEA on Roll Call 51 NAY on Roll Call 52 NAY on Roll Call 53 YEA on Roll Call 54 YEA on Roll Call 55 YEA on Roll Call 56 NAY on Roll Call 57 YEA on Roll Call 58 YEA on Roll Call 59 
f 
AWARDING THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO HUMANITARIAN AND SPORTING LEGEND MUHAM-MAD ALI 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, as we begin Black History Month, I am proud to reintroduce legislation to award the Congres-sional Gold Medal to Muhammad Ali in rec-ognition of his contributions to our nation. I be-lieve it is long past time to recognize an Amer-ican civil rights activist and sporting legend with Congress’ highest honor. Unfortunately, Congress failed to act before The Champ’s death last summer, at the age 74, so I ask my colleagues to join me now in honoring an American hero. Over the course of his illus-trious career, Muhammad Ali produced some of our nation’s most lasting sports memories. From winning a Gold Medal at the 1960 Sum-mer Olympics, to lighting the Olympic torch at the 1996 Summer Olympics, his influence as an athlete and a humanitarian spanned over fifty years. Despite having been diagnosed with Parkin-son’s disease in the 1980s, Ali devoted his life to charitable organizations. Ali, and his wife Lonnie, were founding directors of the Muham-mad Ali Parkinson Center and Movement Dis-orders Clinic in Phoenix, AZ and helped raise over $50 million for Parkinson’s research. In addition to helping families cope with illness, Ali led efforts to provide meals for the hungry and helped countless organizations such as the Make-A-Wish-Foundation and the Special Olympics. Muhammad Ali’s humanitarian efforts went beyond his charitable activities in the United States. In 1990 Muhammad Ali traveled to the Middle East to seek the release of American and British hostages that were being held as human shields in the first Gulf War. After his intervention, 15 hostages were freed. Thanks to his devotion to diplomatic causes and racial harmony, Ali was the recipient of many acco-lades, including being chosen as a ‘‘U.N. Mes-senger of Peace’’ in 1998 and receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2005 from President Bush. Through his unyielding dedication to his sport and to struggling populations around the world, Muhammad Ali still serves an example of service and self-sacrifice for generations of Americans. The Congressional Gold Medal is a fitting commemoration of his life and work, for which he is deservingly known as ‘‘the Greatest.’’ Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in recognizing one of our nation’s most lasting and influential figures by signing on to this important legislation. f 
RECOGNIZING FAMILIES IM-PACTED BY THE NATIONAL OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the Record the personal stories of families from across the country that have been impacted by the opioid and heroin epidemic. In the U.S. we lose 129 lives per day to opioid and heroin overdose. In my home state of New Hamp-shire I have learned so many heartbreaking stories of great people and families who have suffered from the effects of substance use dis-order. Earlier this year, my colleagues and I were joined by many of these courageous families who came to Washington to share their stories 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01FE8.012 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE123 February 1, 2017 
with Members of Congress and push for ac-tion that will prevent overdoses and save lives. Since then, we passed both the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to provide much needed funding and critical policy changes to fight this epidemic. The advocacy of these families truly is so important to leading change in Washington and I am proud to preserve their stories. 
VICTOR BENJAMIN SURMA —BRIDGEVILLE , P
ENNSYLVANIA  Victor Benjamin Surma was born July 20, 1983. He died on January 26, 2014 from a her-oin overdose. Victor was an excellent ath-lete. At the age of 15 he fractured his spine playing football. The orthopedic surgeon pre-scribed oxycodone. Prior to being prescribed a narcotic, Victor did not drink or use drugs. Victor was a fly fisherman, outdoorsman, ex-cellent mogul skier. He was a good student and he had a bright future. Victor played football at a Division I college. His third year, he quit the team. Victor struggled with substance abuse. His parents were unaware that prescription drugs would be highly addictive because of the history of drug and alcohol abuse in both of their families. Education and prevention, especially for families with genetic pre-disposition to abuse is essential knowledge, beginning at the earliest age for children. Victor had a dual major in college in busi-ness and communications. He was a success-ful campaign model during and after college, and an orthopedic sales representative for Smith and Nephew. Victor was awarded ‘‘Rookie’’ of the year in sales nationwide. To maintain his ability to work, Victor would drive an hour after a 10 hour day of working in the hospital to find a doctor who would give him suboxone. The effort to obtain suboxone daily exhausted Victor physically and mentally. He could only work with the daily dose of suboxone, but could not func-tion without having a doctor closer to his home. No one could. Victor could not stop using prescription drugs. He fought like a soldier to stop the urges to use drugs. Victor also was unin-formed in thinking he was weak and was shamed because of his drug habit. Victor went to Caron Rehab, Gateway Rehab, Wonderland Rehab, two rehab facili-ties in Florida, Mountainside Rehab, and the last rehab was associated with Harvard Med-ical Center. Admittance to emergency room care when he voluntarily required life saving intervention was denied. His parents accom-panied Victor to Mercy Hospital in Pitts-burgh, Pennsylvania. The blood test indi-cated so many drugs in Victor’s system that he qualified for admittance. However, there were not enough beds. They left not knowing what to do and Victor continued using. Victor got two DUI’s and lost his license for two years within a week of being denied admittance to Mercy Hospital. He lost his lu-crative job, all his accumulated money in bank accounts, his two cars, and became so desperate and ashamed he went into a down-ward spiral. Isolation from friends, family, and society was heart-wrenching. Once his source of income was depleted, Victor started using heroin. At this point he qualified for methadone. His parents would drive Victor to the methadone clinic, and it was at the clinic where he made the ac-quaintance of a drug dealer. Victor was aware of the seriousness of drug dealing and would not participate. However, Victor had fallen so low that his parents paid a huge amount of money for him to go to a Harvard affiliated drug program. Victor was clean for 6 months prior to his overdose. He humbled himself to work in re-tail, walk to work, and his parents were his only social life. At the Harvard affiliated rehab, Victor obtained a sponsor and the doctor advised Victor’s parents to support his move to an apartment in New York City. When Victor died, he was alone. The au-topsy indicated a small amount of heroin and cocaine, but because he had not been using for 6 months it hit him like a freight train. The NYPD discovered his sponsor was a drug dealer from Long Island, NY. The phone records indicate the sponsor called Victor at 3 a.m. the morning of his overdose. After his death, the community did not know what to say to his family. It was hor-rible for them not to have support even in light of Victor’s death. Addiction was per-ceived as a weakness, poor parenting, not as a disease. Victor’s parents hope is to give support to other parents and families who are isolated and have a loved one suffering from sub-stance abuse disorder. Insurance companies must step up and cover treatment. Treat-ment needs to be more than 28 days. If Vic-tor’s parents had known that he may have had a chance to live with this disease with the help of extended rehab, they would have done anything possible to facilitate Victor’s recovery. His family looks at Victor’s death as a wasted, tragic loss of a loving, intel-ligent, compassionate, and vital person for this world. Victor’s family misses him every second of every day. Losing a child to drug overdose is another stab in their hearts as support and compassion recognizing addiction as a dis-ease is nil. Only through legislation, edu-cation and insurance participation can we as a society stop this fatal disease. K
ELSEY SUZANNE VAUDREUIL —WELLINGTON , F
LORIDA  Kelsey Suzanne was born August 25, 1991, in West Palm Beach, Florida, but lived most of her life in her hometown of Wellington. Growing up, Kelsey was a sweet, soft spoken child who made friends easily. She had two brothers, Korey and Austin, whom she loved with all of her heart. In Kelsey’s pre-teen years she loved the baton and was very in-volved with a discipleship group from church, which strengthened her faith and wisdom in God. At age 16, Kelsey began working at a small town movie theatre in Wellington—sadly, that is where her opiate use began. From there on, Kelsey then graduated from smok-ing opiates to using heroin. For seven years, off and on, Kelsey was in and out of detox clinics, treatment centers, residential facili-ties, hospitals, and halfway houses. Kelsey’s mother was her biggest cheerleader; she loved, encouraged, and begged her to stop using and to try again. No matter how Kelsey felt her mother kept pushing her with God’s love and her own. There was probably around seven or eight times her mother allowed Kelsey to live at home, but only if she promised she’d stay clean and not use. This privilege would end if she used drugs. Sadly, after a short stint at home, Kelsey started using again. Her moth-er unfortunately had to ask her to leave— how that killed her to have her child leave without knowing where or who she would go to but the boundaries had to be put in place. Kelsey had lost her father in March of 2011, which broke both her and her brothers’ hearts. Kelsey’s mother believe this intensi-fied her drug use. Even though Kelsey said she was okay, she always had that big beau-tiful smile of hers that covered so much pain. Kelsey also miscarried her son, Mason, at four months along. This was devastating for her; the shame and guilt she carried was overwhelming. In 2012, Kelsey was almost a year sober and living in an all-girls halfway house. There she built strong sober relationships and learned to manage her life and her addic-tions. She was working a full time job at a cafe´, which she really enjoyed and the cus-tomers loved her. Her mother was so very proud and happy for her. Kelsey later left the halfway house and moved into an apartment with a friend, only to end three short months later after relapsing. On December 17, 2014, at 6:10 a.m., Kelsey’s mother received a knock on my door from a policeman, who handed her a small piece of paper and told her to call the Lantana Police Department. She truly thought to herself, ‘‘Oh, Kelsey must have gotten into trouble.’’ The detective on the other end of the phone said, ‘‘Ma’am I’m sorry to tell you your daughter, Kelsey Suzanne Vaudreuil is de-ceased.’’ Kelsey passed away in a motel room—how that broke her mother’s heart. She’ll never know what truly happened that night, but the autopsy report said it was a multiple intoxication, accidental overdose. Kelsey’s little frame just couldn’t handle anymore poison but in God’s great Mercy, he took her home at 2:50 a.m. in that small motel room. ‘‘Drug use has plagued my family for years,’’ writes Kelsey’s mother. ‘‘Kelsey’s passing has changed mine, my family’s, and friend’s lives forever. It’s a loss that I can never truly find the right words to express other than to say it’s a void in my heart that cannot be filled.’’ ‘‘Addiction is a horrible disease and drugs don’t care anything about you. If you are in active drug use, please reach out! Don’t iso-late yourself; there’s no shame. Remember, YOU ARE LOVED!’’ JUSTIN WOLFE —PHILADELPHIA , P
ENNSYLVANIA  Justin was intelligent, kind, thoughtful, loving, caring and loved life to the fullest. However, Justin’s story is similar to most who have an addiction, and that is he began drinking at 15 and eventually moved on to other substances, which was learned while he was in college. Justin in his younger years played soccer, ice hockey, street hockey, la-crosse and did karate. He attended Drexel and Syracuse Universities, respectively, but mid-year was dismissed from each due to ab-errant behavior. Justin saw therapists as a result of his aberrant behavior and drinking since he was 15 years old. However, they thought it was his anxiety, OCD and behav-ior, not realizing he had a hidden addiction. His dream was to complete college and be-come a successful businessman. However, the punishments, reprimands and good parenting did not halt Justin’s behavior of what we later learned was a deep seated addiction. In April of 2012, Justin approached his mother and admitted that he was addicted to Percocet and Oxycontin. She took him to their family physician and during the ap-pointment, Justin asked the doctor not to tell me about his issues, claiming that the news would ‘‘kill me.’’ The physician told his mother to take Justin to a crisis center im-mediately for treatment, but Justin con-vinced her, without the doctor’s knowledge, to take him to a suboxone doctor that he had found instead. Two months later his father was finally in-formed, against Justin’s wishes, about his addiction to Percocets. He demanded that Justin go to an inpatient rehab but he said as a 21 year old he could make his own deci-sion; he didn’t want to go to an inpatient fa-cility for fear of being exposed to more dan-gerous drugs, such as heroin and crack co-caine. Unbeknownst to us, he had been using heroin for quite some time at that point. Eventually, he agreed to participate in an outpatient treatment program for the sum-mer and began weekly psychiatric visits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.021 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE124 February 1, 2017 
While he was in the program Justin’s father contacted the intake director to inquire about his progress. He was informed that they could not disclose any information under HIPAA regulations. The following Sep-tember Justin attended Temple University as a sophomore and joined a wonderful fra-ternity AEPI. He continued to see a psychia-trist and things seemed to be going well, which made his passing on December 19th, 2012, all the more shocking to his family. Justin’s father explained Justin’s history of substance abuse to the psychiatrist who tried to counsel him and monitor his pre-scriptions for depression, anxiety, and OCD. After Justin passed away his father learned that he hadn’t disclosed his heroin addic-tion—except to say that he had tried it once. Throughout Justin’s time in college, he made friends who had also been in and out rehab, including one boy who was attending pharmacy school, a local judge’s son who worked for a Governor, and an attorney’s son. These examples demonstrate how addic-tion is indiscriminate—its devastation reaches all ethnicities and socioeconomic backgrounds. When his family found out that Justin had passed away from an overdose of heroin, the entire family was shocked. Only upon further investigation did his father learn that heroin is rampant in our commu-nities—killing our children and destroying the lives of their families. ‘‘We, as a society, need to advance edu-cation in schools at every grade level regard-ing the dangers of abusing opiates and the slim recovery rates of those who become ad-dicted,’’ writes Justin’s father. ‘‘It seems as though no one speaks about their family’s struggle with addiction due to embarrassment or shame. However, within two months of my son’s death, I spoke to well over 25 parents who came forward with stories similar to mine—several stints of rehab— only to lose their child to an over-dose. Many families I have spoken to could no longer afford the high costs of treatment; their insurance would only cover a limited period of rehabilitation.’’ Justin was not violent and would never in-tentionally hurt a soul, but his addiction hurt and endangered the lives of those close to him, including his younger brother. I thank God that Justin never hurt anyone on the road. I have pictures of his apartment that demonstrate how he was living at col-lege; there were cigarette burns on his bed-ding from all of the times he nodded out. No one could save Justin—not his family, friends, nor Justin himself, but it is his fa-ther’s hope that with much needed change, Justin’s tragedy and his advocacy can help to save millions of young lives. Since Justin’s passing, his father has spoken to close to a thousand parents and children re-garding opiate and heroin abuse in order to bring awareness, education and prevention amongst our communities. If there is one pertinent fact that he can bring to the fore-front, that is for every parent to have a Power of Attorney, a Medical Directive for their 18 year old so they are made aware of their symptoms, medical condition and are apprised of every step throughout their young adult’s care. B
RADLEY MICHAEL ZULICK —BUTLER , P
ENNSYLVANIA  Bradley Michael Zulick was born August 21, 1986, in Butler, Pennsylvania. As a child, he always made his family laugh and brought joy and laughter to everyone lucky enough to know him. His friends and family describe him as funny, thoughtful, and a po-lite young man. He was loving, kind-hearted and was a spirit lifter, with a contagious per-sonality and smile. Brad was also a fantastic athlete, a great friend, and everyone’s best friend. He was truly one of a kind. Brad loved everyone, and everyone loved him. His family meant the world to him. Brad also en-joyed spending time with his friends’ chil-dren. Throughout Brad’s short life, one of his biggest interests was sports—whether he was participating or simply watching, he was al-ways engaged. In high school, he excelled at football, basketball, and track, and also en-joyed playing golf. Even when he was older he still participated in small-sided football games, church basketball leagues, dek hock-ey, and baseball games. No one knew more about sports than Brad, which helped him to become an outstanding sports trivia player. Every year Brad played in the Lyndora Turkey Bowl, a neighborhood football game held on Thanksgiving Day, where the young-er guys played against the older generation. Brad enjoyed these games so much. He also was a passionate supporter of Pitt Panther football and regularly attended games with his dad, sister, cousins, and friends. Pitt games are precious memories of times spent with Brad. Brad loved music; going to concerts with his close friends was what he looked forward to more than anything. In school, history was Brad’s favorite subject. He studied his-tory at Indiana University of Pennsylvania and went on to receive his associate’s degree from Butler County Community College on May 19, 2009. We were all so proud of him for this accomplishment. It seemed Brad’s life would be everything he dreamed it could be. We all were so hopeful that he would have a bright future. However, around the time Brad graduated from college, he became addicted to prescrip-tion pills. ‘‘I knew there was a problem,’’ writes his mother. ‘‘But because I was naive, I didn’t know exactly what was wrong. Brad was becoming moody and depressed—the total opposite of the laid-back young man he always was in the past.’’ In January of 2014, Brad admitted his ad-diction to prescription pills and asked for help. It was believed he was using heroin at that time, but he didn’t admit it. His moth-er’s heart broke as she watched Brad sobbing because of the shame and guilt he felt from his addiction. He told her he was lost. His family tried so hard to help him. Brad went into treatment three times. He always be-lieved he could overcome his struggles with addiction but his mother never truly under-stood how hard it really was for him. The saddest day of her life was March 17, 2016—the day Brad lost his battle with addic-tion. He passed away from an overdose of heroin laced with Fentanyl. Brad’s parents lost their baby, their only son that day. Their daughter, Kelly, lost her only sibling and best friend. They all are struggling with the grief of such a huge loss. f ETHAN CLEWELL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ethan Clewell for being honored by the Arvada Chamber of Com-merce with the Behind the Scenes Award. The Behind the Scenes Award recipient is selected by the Arvada Chamber of Com-merce staff to recognize an individual who has gone above and beyond to support the efforts of the Arvada Chamber. Ethan Clewell is the epitome of an unsung hero. He works tirelessly behind-the-scenes to help ensure the success of many community and chamber events. In addition, Ethan dedi-cates his time and has helped make signifi-cant contributions to Leadership Arvada and Arvada Young Professionals. The Arvada Chamber team can always count on Ethan to go above and beyond. I extend my deepest congratulations to Ethan Clewell for this well-deserved honor from the Arvada Chamber of Commerce. f 
REPORT TO THE PRESIDENT ON 902 CONSULTATIONS 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to memorialize the Report to the President on 902 Consultations and in so doing recognize the vitality of the Covenant to Establish a Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands in Political Union with the United States of America. The Covenant is the fundamental agree-ment that brought the Marianas into this na-tion. It was approved by 79 percent of island voters in a 1975 plebiscite and by the U.S. Congress in U.S. Public Law 94–241 the fol-lowing year. President Ronald Reagan brought the Covenant into full force and effect in 1986, pursuant to his Proclamation 5564. The Covenant lays out in detail the nature and conditions of the relationship between the Northern Mariana Islands and the United States. There is recognition embedded in this agreement, however, that matters may arise periodically affecting the relationship, and the Covenant provides a mechanism for their ex-amination. Section 902 requires that the Presi-dent of the United States and the Governor of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands will appoint special representatives at least every ten years to meet and consider these matters and then make a report and recommendations regarding them. In January of this year, special representa-tives of the President and the Commonwealth, having met pursuant to Section 902, issued their Report to the President. Today, I include in the R
ECORD a web address to that report, so that it will be available to all Members of Congress and to the public at large, and so that the work and recommendations of all in-volved in producing this document will be me-morialized and widely accessible. The address is: http://sablan.house.gov/sites/ sablan.house.gov/files/documents/ 902%20Final%20Report.pdf. 
f 
25 YEAR AND GOING STRONG: KSBJ AND TIM M
CDERMOTT 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, since 1999, Houstonians wake up each Sunday and get ready for church. They get in their cars and tune into 89.3 KSBJ and start their mornings with Tim McDermott on his show ‘‘Enter His 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.022 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE125 February 1, 2017 
Gates.’’ The show features some of Houston’s favorite praise and worship artists. I can’t think of a better way to start a Sunday than lifting up God. For the past 25 years, Tim McDermott has worked to bring followers of Jesus Christ to-gether. Serving as KSBJ President and Gen-eral Manager since 1992, he is the longest running general manager at any major Hous-ton radio station. It is the mark of a good man-ager when an organization shows growth, and that’s exactly what KSBJ has done. In 1992, when Tim started, the station had only 11 em-ployees and drew around 45,000 listeners each month. Today, the station has close to 100 employees and draws over 800,000 lis-teners from not just Houston, but all over the west coast. It is often said that if you love what you do, you will never work a day in your life. The same could be said for Tim. He says he’s never considered his role at KSBJ a job. In-stead, he considers it a passion and a calling. The station’s core value system promotes a passion for Christ, a love for people, a serv-ant’s heart and the belief that we are better to-gether. Under Tim’s leadership, KSBJ has received various recognitions in the radio broadcast in-dustry, including National Religious Broad-caster’s Radio Station of the Year, Christian Music Broadcaster’s Station of the Year and Best Christian Workplace. Not only does time strive to make KSBJ an outstanding Christian radio station, he also mentors other radio sta-tions both around the U.S. and internationally. Congratulations to Tim McDermott and KSBJ on 25 years of service to Houston Com-munities. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING MR. SCOTT C. GRAVES 
HON. TED S. YOHO 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the work, commitment, and character of Scott C. Graves, House Agriculture Com-mittee staff director. Scott is my kind of man— intelligent, understanding, and a straight shooter. His rise from an intern on the House Agriculture Committee to the committee’s staff director over 10 years speaks to his strong work ethic. Raised on a cattle ranch in Texas, his commitment to rural America is unques-tioned—a view shared on both sides of the aisle. His work as a steadfast advisor to Chair-man C
ONAWAY solidified his role as a leader who is both fair and firm. But it’s Scott’s character that I notice most. As a member of the Agriculture Committee for the past 4 years, I have had the privilege to witness that character as he balances not just the demands of committee members, staff, and interest groups; but of a growing family. Scott, thank you for your guidance, your ex-ample, and your friendship. I wish both Scott and his lovely wife Haley all the success in the world as they turn the page onto a new chap-ter in their lives. RECOGNIZING SCOTT CHESTER GRAVES HON. AUSTIN SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in recognition of Scott Graves, Staff Director of the House Committee on Ag-riculture. After 10 years of dedicated service to agriculture policy on Capitol Hill, Scott is leav-ing his position on the Committee at the end of this month. As Staff Director of the House Committee on Agriculture, Scott has helped develop a strategic vision for the Committee and its forty- five Members that has directly shaped Amer-ican agriculture policy. Working directly along-side Chairman M
IKECONAWAY , Scott has also dedicated himself to working for the best inter-ests of all members of the agriculture commu-nity. Having worked with Scott personally, I have seen firsthand the level of expertise and com-mitment that has made him an invaluable asset to the Committee. His hard work has benefited not only the staff he works with daily, but the Members on both sides of the aisle that he has loyally served. In today’s age, it is a rarity to find the com-bination of character, ability, and profes-sionalism that Scott exemplifies. On behalf of the House Committee on Agriculture, I would like to thank Scott for his service and wish him the best of luck in his future endeavors. 
f 
OPPOSING THE PRESIDENT’S EXECUTIVE ORDER 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong opposition to the President’s unjust and un-American executive order that blindly bars individuals from entering our coun-try. This action, and the situation that resulted from it, has hurt an enormous number of fami-lies, including several in Washington state. In fact, a constituent of the district I represent, a man who risked his life and the lives of his family by selflessly volunteering as an inter-preter in support of U.S. forces in Iraq, was af-fected by this travel ban. I demand the Statue of Liberty Values Act— the SOLVE Act—be voted on and passed by the House. This legislation would rescind and defund this ill-considered and harmful execu-tive order that hurts refugees and many others who are arbitrarily denied the ability to travel to the United States. By sowing confusion in a thinly veiled attempt to ban an entire religion from entering our country, the President has clearly shown his inability or unwillingness to govern in an reasoned and inclusive manner. KRISTINA BURGOS EARNS GIRL SCOUT GOLD AWARD HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Kristina Burgos of Sugar Land, TX, for earning her Girl Scout Gold Award. The Gold Award is the highest achievement a Girl Scout can earn. To earn this distin-guished award, Kristina had to spend at least 80 hours developing and executing a project that would benefit the community as well as have a long-term impact on girls. For her Gold award project, Kristina built a granite pathway in the Jardin de La Vida located at the Boys & Girls Club of Richmond-Rosenberg, TX, to make the garden more accessible for people with disabilities. Kristina is a sophomore at Clements High School and aspires to study English or film in college. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Kristina Burgos for earning her Girl Scout Gold Award. We are confident she will have continued success in her future endeavors. We are very proud. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FAMILIES IM-PACTED BY THE NATIONAL OPIOID EPIDEMIC 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the R
ECORD  the personal stories of families from across the country that have been impacted by the opioid and heroin epidemic. In the U.S. we lose 129 lives per day to opioid and heroin overdose. In my home state of New Hamp-shire I have learned so many heartbreaking stories of great people and families who have suffered from the effects of substance use dis-order. Earlier this year, my colleagues and I were joined by many of these courageous families who came to Washington to share their stories with Members of Congress and push for ac-tion that will prevent overdoses and save lives. Since then, we passed both the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act to provide much needed funding and critical policy changes to fight this epidemic. The advocacy of these families truly is so important to leading change in Washington and I am proud to preserve their stories. 
JC C ONNERS —MILWAUKEE , WISCONSIN  JC Conners came to his mother over five years ago worrying and wanting to get off of drugs. Unfortunately—by that time—he had little control over his addiction; his brain was shutting down and we didn’t understand. On August 13, 2016 JC succumbed to the dis-ease of addiction; he overdosed and died. He was 38 years old! How does a hard-working, healthy man be-come severely addicted to drugs? It shocked us all. Some time ago, JC was introduced to oxycodone, a simple pill, that a friend told him would help with stress and make him 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.023 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE126 February 1, 2017 
‘‘feel good’’—adding that the best part was that it wasn’t easily detected and didn’t get you in trouble like alcohol. Unaware, JC took the pill, not realizing the downfall that was about to happen. JC wasn’t your stereotypical addicted indi-vidual. He was high-functioning, worked hard at his job, and spent time with his fam-ily. He fooled them all by managing his ev-eryday life so well. But slowly over time he started to deteriorate. JC eventually shared with his mother what he came to realize later: ‘‘This so called ‘medicine’ shouldn’t be on the market. It’s misused. I’m really sick. Something’s wrong. My minds off.’’ After realizing this JC tried hard to stop but couldn’t, with each attempted he was further consumed by his addiction. His fam-ily tried seeing doctors, therapists, etc., but they all seemed detached. JC was only a number in a long line of individuals also struggling with an addiction. We tried out-patient therapy but that didn’t work either. At another program, his family learned how this particular drug stops your brain from producing the ‘‘right’’ chemicals to function and if this continues part of your mind goes missing. We also learned that it can take years for the brain to recover and start producing these much needed chemi-cals again for health brain functioning. Meanwhile, the individual just wants to feel ‘‘okay’’ and as hard as they try the only way to function ‘‘okay’’ is going back on the drug. JC overdosed Thanksgiving 2015 and sur-vived. He overdosed for a second time this past June, again, he survived. He then spent five days in the hospital with complications related to this overdose. The day JC was re-leased, neither the doctors nor the staff learned or inquired about his past history with addiction, they only sent him home with the suggestion he see a therapist. So, his family trusted the professionals. Two months later, JC was gone. He had fallen through the cracks and we didn’t understand fully the depth of his struggles until it was too late. My daughter asked me to write this so JC’s story would be heard and to relate this mes-sage to everyone: we need to be aware and come to terms with the realization of what these drugs do to the human brain, yet these drugs are out there and way too easy to come by. Why is this happening? We need to sympathize, understand and help those struggling with addiction, not stigmatize them. JC was told by many professionals that, ‘‘he had to want help and had to want to help himself.’’ The outside help he did try failed him, so he thought he was better off overcoming his struggles on his own. We, his family didn’t understand the severity of his addiction, so we let him try. We came to re-alize this was a terrible mistake! Profes-sionals need to make it VERY clear to both the individual and their families that over-coming addiction can’t be easily done on their own. Additionally, they need to better help us, the families, understand that our loved ones might not be thinking rationally due to the addiction compromising healthy brain functioning. Yes, JC chose to use, but had little knowl-edge of the effects these drugs have on the brain because they aren’t being properly ex-plained to the public. His last years were a hard existence and he paid the ultimate price, but my son was so much more than his addiction. He was a kind, sincere, caring per-son, who would do anything for anyone. A kid at heart, JC believed there was good in everyone and truly wanted to turn his life around. He was a great man who was loved by so many, who just made a terrible mis-take, but so did the medical system. A NTHONY FIORE—WARRINGTON , P
ENNSYLVANIA  Growing up, Anthony tried to fit in with the ‘‘good kids,’’ but was shunned on many occasions. He then began to change to fit into a group that would accept him. This group of friends started smoking pot in 8th grade, and transitioned to Oxycontin by 12th grade. Anthony always wanted to have friends and was very loyal to them. Anthony was very intelligent—he never had to study but always had above a 3.5 GPA. He enjoyed making people laugh, and would joked around a lot. He got accepted into Penn State’s Main Campus in State College, PA, based on his SAT scores and his GPA. In his sophomore year he joined a fraternity. During Christmas break in 2009, Anthony told his family he was addicted to Oxycontin. He said he could detox at home, and would take some time off before return-ing to college. This was the first time his parents heard anything about this. In January 2010, Anthony returned to school and started using again. When he came home at the end of the semester, his family sent him to a relative’s house for the summer—far away from anything that we thought could trigger his addition. The en-tire summer they kept in touch with An-thony; he was passing drug tests, and every-thing seemed to be going well. Anthony wanted to go back and finish college, so his family let him return that fall. It was not until early 2011, that Anthony’s family found out he was using again. They then pulled him out of school on medical leave, but this time he went to a 28 day inpa-tient treatment center. When he returned, everything seemed fine. Anthony had a friend pick him up to go to Narcotics Anony-mous meetings and he would show his family the various chips he received for being clean for a certain amount of time. It appeared that he was clean and again, his family al-lowed him to return to Penn State. At some point, Anthony switched to heroin because it was significantly cheaper. Two of his best friends, one day, came to Anthony’s parents house and told them Anthony was injecting heroin. Because of their courage, his family had more time with Anthony. An-thony was then referred to an inpatient rehab facility in Pennsylvania. At the time his family didn’t have insurance, so they only kept Anthony for about five days; just long enough to detox. While there, Anthony was diagnosed with depression but his family were never informed of this diagnosis. That summer Anthony stayed home, worked, and seemed to be doing fine. His family refused to let him go back to Penn State’s main campus; so Anthony enrolled at the Abing-ton campus, which was about 30 minutes from our home. What his family later came to find out was that Anthony made a copy of his dad’s car key and was sneaking out in the middle of the night to get heroin. At some point he added cocaine to the mix. On May 23, 2013, Anthony overdosed in his parent’s basement. One of the boys he was with came and got his mother, and she called 911. Anthony was given Naloxone, which saved his life. In the emergency room the nurses tried to give him another Naloxone shot, but An-thony wouldn’t allow it—he wanted to enjoy what was left of his high. This shows how powerful of a hold heroin has on its victims; less than an hour earlier Anthony had al-most died but he still wanted the drug. Be-cause his heroin usage depressed his breath-ing so much, fluid built up in his lungs, and Anthony developed pneumonia. Anthony then tried Vivitrol, another re-lapse prevention medication; this was given as a shot every 28 days by a doctor. When Anthony started receiving his shots, it worked. Then one day, Anthony told his fam-ily he wasn’t going to get the shot anymore. They did everything we could to convince him and in the end they told Anthony he could no longer live them if he wasn’t going to get the shot. In the summer of 2013, Anthony and some other boys robbed a drug dealer, thinking that a drug dealer wouldn’t go to the police. A warrant was issued. Months later, An-thony was stopped for possession of heroin, and when police found out about the warrant for the robbery, he was sent to prison. His family refused to bail him out, despite An-thony’s constant pleas. They felt, at the time, prison was where he needed to be; at least we knew he would be safe and clean. After about a month in prison, a private criminal defense attorney was hired; who was able to arrange Anthony’s release on his own recognizance, on the condition that he immediately enter an inpatient rehab facil-ity. By this time, we had insurance but the program only guaranteed 21 days. His family begged them to keep him longer, but they said that’s all our insurance would cover. When Anthony was released, he truly wanted to stay clean. He started cooking dinner for the family and hanging out with his younger brother, which he never did be-fore. ‘‘It was great to see my two boys to-gether,’’ writes Anthony’s mother. ‘‘They went to movies, to the gym, and did various things brothers do together. I finally had my Anthony back and we felt like he had won. He looked good, acted fine, and was not argu-mentative and agitated as he was when using. Anthony was doing well and saving to move out on his own.’’ While Anthony was living with his family, they told him none of the boys he previously hung around with could come over again and he should find new friends. This lasted about four or five months, and one day he told us one of his old friends was coming over. An-thony said he was the only other person he knew who was also clean; but in reality, this friend was not clean and was still using. This friend was with Anthony the entire night and morning when he died. He said he didn’t have any idea what happened, however, he did find time to steal Anthony’s debit/credit card from his body, and proceed to spend $2,500.00. ‘‘I found my son’s body,’’ writes his moth-er. ‘‘What an awful thing for a mother to go through. We are broken. Anthony is not de-fined by his addiction. He was a loving and caring son, brother, grandson, nephew, and cousin. He was very intelligent, kind, thoughtful, and funny. He was a hard-work-ing young man with a bright future.’’ M
EGAN ROSEKELLEY —APPLETON , WISCONSIN  Megan Rose Kelly, forever 22, was the youngest of four siblings. From a young age, Megan was helpful and always nice to peo-ple—she was a joy to be around. Growing up, Megan was involved in soccer and Girl Scouts. She was well-liked by everyone who met her. Megan, who was a kind and beautiful girl, had a lot of insecurities. In the eighth grade, to better fit in with her peers, Megan started hanging around with people who were drink-ing to have fun. As things progressively got out of hand, Megan’s mother turned to a so-cial worker for help. Megan was put in coun-seling and an outpatient drug treatment. At 14, Megan met a guy who was seven months younger and had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Through this destruc-tive relationship, Megan turned to shop-lifting and began experimenting with more drugs. By sophomore year of high school, Megan started skipping school, which re-sulted in truancy charges. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.028 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE127 February 1, 2017 
Throughout high school, Megan got into enough trouble where she had to serve time in jail and was court ordered to be on proba-tion for three years. After two years, her probation officer decided to take her off of probation. Things then started to settle down for Megan, until the summer of 2013, when her mother was told that Megan was addicted to prescription painkillers. She con-fronted Megan, but denied it. Later that summer, Megan and her boyfriend of four years got into huge argument and broke up. Soon afterwards, she started seeing another guy. Megan’s mother spoke with Megan mul-tiple times about her addiction, and each time she blew her off. On November 2, 2013, her mother spent the entire day with Megan and her new boyfriend cleaning her house. Around 4:30 PM Megan and her mother both left; Megan went to work and her mother drove home. Around 10:10 PM that night, Megan’s moth-er received a phone call from her sister tell-ing her that Megan’s boyfriend was dead. It was found out that Megan’s boyfriend had been snorting Percocet throughout the day, and died as a result. Shortly afterwards, two of his friends showed Megan how to inject heroin. By March 2014, Megan came to her mother and asked her for help, sending Megan to a rapid detox facility in Detroit. Megan’s mother was reluctant to spend the $7,800, but Megan begged and said it was a matter of life or death. After Megan completed detox, she got so sick she ended up having to go to the hos-pital and was hooked up to an IV. She was diagnosed with pancreatitis, caused by her-oin use. This was when her mother first found out Megan was using heroin, and the nightmare had only just begun. Three days later, after being discharged from the hospital, Megan was arrested and charged with four felony counts involving heroin. The next day at court, Megan’s mother paid $10,000 to bail Megan out. Over the next five months, Megan’s mother thought she was doing great; Megan was passing all of her drug tests. One night, Megan was stopped by the police because her car windows were too darkly tinted, and was rearrested when they found syringes on her. Megan spent four months in jail before she was sentenced. During her sentencing, the judge said that heroin was a powerful drug, only to deny Megan a nine-month court-or-dered inpatient treatment program for a drug that kills. Four months into her sen-tence, Megan relapsed, overdosed, and died. ‘‘My life forever changed that day,’’ writes Megan’s mother. ‘‘Her sentence became a death penalty.’’ K
IRSTYN KING—RICHMOND , VIRGINIA  Kirstyn King was born in the early after-noon on December 8, 1990. She was a perfect baby and everything her family had hoped for in an infant daughter. The first time they saw her tiny, sweet face, they were over-whelmed with love, hope and emotions they had never experienced before. Her mother saw her own future and past in Kirstyn’s eyes and cried with joy, she knew she’d do everything to protect her child and new fam-ily. As the years went by, Kirstyn’s mother worked hard and elevated their financial sta-tus to a six-figure income. A lot happens over the passage of time and in that par-ticular period there were mostly beautiful memories, but, unfortunately, there were also agonizing ones that still haunt her today. Despite her every attempt to shield her family from life’s worst, Kirstyn was harmed and sexually exploited when she was a young teenager. This started a slow ava-lanche as she rebelled and struggled. Her mother tried to help her but she felt so pow-erless. Kirstyn’s despair was evident and her mothers attempts to make it all go away were futile. ‘‘Around this time, I injured my back fall-ing down the stairs,’’ writes Kirstyn’s moth-er. ‘‘The physical pain was unlike anything I had ever experienced. This led to a prescrip-tion pill addiction that bottomed out in a horrible way. After layoff and foreclosure, I began writing my own prescriptions to sup-port my escalating habit. I ended up in jail. I had never been in trouble in my life and suddenly I was a felon, effectively homeless and jobless, after being a homeowner twice over with a promising career.’’ ‘‘My children never used drugs more than the occasional sampling. Kirstyn suffered from anxiety and once I went to jail, the mom that had always saved the day was pow-erless to help her. Her fiance transferred with a government contractor to England and her brother, nearly 18, moved with his father to California. She felt alone and began heavily and carelessly self-medicating.’’ Kirstyn was shy, gentle and gorgeous. She adored animals and wanted to save all of them. She would find the least attractive, the most broken of the bunch, and that would be the cat or dog she wanted to take home. From tadpoles to earthworms, there wasn’t a creature that she was afraid of and didn’t love. She had an infectious belly laugh and always saw the best in others. She com-plemented other girls and gave the most she could of her wonderful soul. She was the life of the party and a risk-taker with a childlike spirit. Her light wasn’t reciprocated. In fact, it was abused. On October 16, 2011, Kirstyn lost her life to her brief addiction. I was in jail and could do nothing. All I can tell you is that it is a grief I’ll never be able to fully comprehend or articulate. ‘‘As a recovered addict and grieving moth-er of a 20 year old who lost her promising life to addiction, I know we must do more,’’ writes Kirstyn’s mother. ‘‘Those in recovery who are able to speak must be heard and rep-resented in this fight to find solutions for this crippling American epidemic. We can’t continue to villainize and hunt for the dealer or ‘‘that bad kid’’ that influenced our child. We need to dig deep, open our eyes and ask, why does America hurt? We are a nation in crisis.’’ MATTKLOSOWSKI —BEAR, DELAWARE  Have you ever met a guy whose smile could light up a room? Who made you feel like you had found a long lost friend? The kind of guy who would give you the shirt off his back? That guy who brings every stray dog home and makes it a member of the family? That was Matt Klosowski. He had that happy-go- lucky personality that drew people in and made them fall in love. Unfortunately for Matt, he never loved himself enough. He ex-perimented with marijuana in high school and after graduating to pills, ended up in his first 30 days inpatient treatment facility. Matt went on the become an excellent me-chanic. He moved to the beach, bought a home and opened his own business. His adult life appeared successful and drug-free. Matt’s family took a deep breath and started to relax, only to discover soon after that Matt was hiding his addiction. At first it was just casual use—a Saturday night party or com-ing down from a busy week of work. But he was slipping back into the deadly mindset that made him believe he was in control. The beginning of the end began when Matt suffered a back injury—he had been lifting an engine when he felt a pop. The next day he could barely walk. Matt called his mother to let her know that the doctor gave him Percocet. Matt struggled with an addiction to Percocet for seven years. During that time he lost everything he had worked so hard to gain. He tried to continue working on cars while he was abusing pills, but it was obvious to his steady customers that some-thing was terribly wrong and they took their business elsewhere. His business closed six months after his injury. After missing too many mortgage payments his beach house was repossessed by the bank. Everything he loved now gone. During those seven years Matt was in and out of treatment. Due to his insurance, how-ever, Matt was never permitted to stay for the length of time he needed to learn how to handle life without pills. He would come home clean and his family would look into his clear eyes and thank God that Matt was back. He was such a joy to be around. He didn’t want to be tortured by cravings. Our life would start to feel normal again but his family’s joy was short-lived when, within a matter of weeks, Matt returned to his world of numbness and the cycle began again. Matt’s last attempt to get clean took place at a treatment center close to home. As his mother watched Matt struggle with demons that had plagued him for most of his adult life, she was proud and hopeful. Matt was coming back. Each time she visited she was greeted by his clear eyes and beautiful smile. She remembers sitting together looking out over the water. Matt was headed to a recov-ery home in Florida. She was unsure about his decision but remembered every book she read always talked about how different peo-ple, places and things are the best choice to support new sobriety. When Matt left for Florida on June 2, 2014, he wrapped her up in a big bear hug and told her he was so happy to have the monkey off his back. Little did she know that monkey would find him in Florida. Matt was starting a new life and Once again he was living by the sea—his happy place. He found a job, his self esteem re-turned, and his mother believe that this was his ‘‘ah-ha’’ moment, that finally he was in a good place. For reasons her heart will never under-stand, Matt relapsed and died. He lost his battle on January 3rd, 2015. f CAROL HODGES 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Carol Hodges for being honored by the Arvada Chamber with the Chairman’s Choice Award. The Chairman’s Choice Award is selected annually by the Chairman of the Arvada Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors to recognize a member of the community who has shown leadership and outstanding support to the Arvada Chamber. Carol Hodges serves the Arvada Chamber and her community with a sense of pride, en-ergy and commitment. She is always willing to step up when called upon and works diligently to see each project through to the end. Carol’s kindness and service has made a difference in Arvada and helped make it a great place to live, work and play. I extend my deepest congratulations to Carol Hodges for this well-deserved recogni-tion by the Arvada Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01FE8.028 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE128 February 1, 2017 
1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, February 2, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED FEBRUARY 7 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To receive a closed briefing on cyber threats. SVC–217 FEBRUARY 8 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine Inspector General recommendations for improv-ing Federal agencies. SH–216 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold an oversight hearing to examine modernizing our nation’s infrastruc-ture. SD–406 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold hearings to examine the current readiness of United States forces. SR–232A Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine emergency management in Indian Country, focusing on improving the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy’s Federal-tribal relationship with Indian tribes. SD–628 FEBRUARY 9 10 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the United States, the Russian Federation, and the challenges ahead. SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M01FE8.000 E01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D96 Wednesday, February 1, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. Senate confirmed the nomination of Rex W. Tillerson, of Texas, to be Secretary of State. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S541–S607 Measures Introduced: Twenty-six bills and sixteen resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 249–274, S.J. Res. 16–19, and S. Res. 30–41.
         Pages S594–95 
Measures Reported: H.R. 255, to authorize the National Science Foun-dation to support entrepreneurial programs for women. H.R. 321, to inspire women to enter the aerospace field, including science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach. S. Res. 30, authorizing expenditures by the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. S. Res. 31, authorizing the expenditures by the Special Committee on Aging. S. Res. 32, authorizing expenditures by the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. S. Res. 33, authorizing expenditures by the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. S. Res. 34, authorizing expenditures by the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. S. Res. 36, authorizing expenditures by the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs. S. Res. 37, authorizing expenditures by the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. S. Res. 39, authorizing expenditures by the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
                                                                                              Page S594 
Measures Passed: National Tribal Colleges and Universities Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 40, designating the week beginning on February 5, 2017, as ‘‘National Tribal Colleges and Universities Week’’.
        Page S604 
National Stalking Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 41, raising awareness and encour-aging the prevention of stalking by designating Jan-uary 2017 as ‘‘National Stalking Awareness Month’’.                                                                                               Page S604 
Measures Considered: Stream Protection Rule—Agreement: Senate began consideration of H. J. Res. 38, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Inte-rior known as the Stream Protection Rule, after agreeing to the motion to proceed.
            Pages S562–74 
By 56 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 42), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to consideration of the joint resolution.
                                            Pages S561–62 
Prior to the consideration of this measure, Senate took the following action: By 55 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 41), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legislative Ses-sion.
                                                                                    Page S561 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing for further consideration of the joint reso-lution at approximately 11 a.m., on Thursday, Feb-ruary 2, 2017; and that there be six hours of debate remaining, equally divided in the usual form. 
                                                                                              Page S605 
Approval of Journal: By 54 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. 39), Senate approved the Journal to date. 
                                                                                              Page S554 
Appointments: Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-tion: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to the provisions of 20 U.S.C., sections 42 and 43, re-appointed Senator Leahy as a member of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. 
                                                                                              Page S604 
Washington’s Farewell Address—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding the resolution of the Senate of January 24, 1901, the traditional reading of Wash-ington’s Farewell Address take place on Monday, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01FE7.REC D01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D97 February 1, 2017 
February 27, 2017, at a time to be determined by the Majority Leader in consultation with the Demo-cratic Leader.
                                                                  Page S604 
DeVos Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Elisabeth Prince DeVos, of Michigan, to be Secretary of Education. 
                                                                                      Pages S554–61 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, a vote on cloture will occur on Friday, February 3, 2017.
                                                                            Page S554 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: By 53 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. EX. 38), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legislative Ses-sion.
                                                                            Pages S553–54 
By 52 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 40), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Executive Session to consider the nomination.
                                   Page S554 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 56 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. EX. 36), Rex W. Tillerson, of Texas, to be Secretary of State. 
                                                                          Pages S541–53, S607 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 55 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. EX. 37), Senate agreed to the motion to table the motion to recon-sider the vote on confirmation of the nomination. 
                                                                                              Page S553 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colorado, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy At-torney General. Rachel L. Brand, of Iowa, to be Associate Attor-ney General. Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Colum-bia, to be an Assistant Attorney General.
       Page S607 
Messages from the House:                           Pages S592–93 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S593 
Measures Read the First Time:                        Page S593 
Executive Reports of Committees:                 Page S594 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S595–96 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                 Pages S596–S604 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S591–92 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S604 
Record Votes: Seven record votes were taken today. (Total—42)
                                            Pages S553–54, S561–62 Adjournment: Senate convened at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:25 p.m., until 11 a.m. on Thursday, February 2, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S605.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
CBO BUDGET AND ECONOMIC OUTLOOK Committee on the Budget: Committee concluded a hear-ing to examine the Congressional Budget Office’s budget and economic outlook, focusing on fiscal years 2017–2027, after receiving testimony from Keith Hall, Director, Congressional Budget Office. REDUCING REGULATION Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine a growth agenda, focusing on reducing unnecessary regulatory burdens, after receiving testimony from Jack N. Ge-rard, American Petroleum Institute, Rosario Palmieri, National Association of Manufacturers, Adam J. White, The Hoover Institution, and Lisa Heinzerling, Georgetown University Law Center, all of Washington, D.C.; and Gary Shapiro, Consumer Technology Association, Arlington, Virginia. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee began consideration of an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the committee, rules of procedure for the 115th Congress, and the nomina-tion of Scott Pruitt, of Oklahoma, to be Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency, but did not complete action thereon, recessed subject to the call, and will meet again on Thursday, February 2, 2017. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be Secretary of the Treasury, and Thomas Price, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported an origi-nal resolution (S. Res. 34) authorizing expenditures by the committee, and adopted its rules of procedure for the 115th Congress. Also, committee announced the following sub-committee assignments: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01FE7.REC D01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD98 February 1, 2017 
Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations: Senators Portman (Chair), Lankford, McCain, Paul, Daines, Carper, Tester, Heitkamp, and Peters. Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emer-gency Management: Senators Paul (Chair), Lankford, Enzi, Hoeven, Peters, Hassan, and Harris. Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Man-agement: Senators Lankford (Chair), McCain, Portman, Enzi, Daines, Heitkamp, Carper, Hassan, and Harris. Senators Johnson and McCaskill are ex-officio members of each subcommittee. INDIVIDUAL HEALTH INSURANCE MARKET Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Af-fordable Care Act, focusing on stabilizing the indi-vidual health insurance market, after receiving testi-mony from former Kentucky Governor Steven L. Beshear, Lexington; Julie Mix McPeak, Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance, Nashville; and Marilyn Tavenner, America’s Health Insurance Plans, and Janet Stokes Trautwein, National Associa-tion of Health Underwriters, both of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nomination of Jeff Sessions, of Ala-bama, to be Attorney General, Department of Jus-tice. NOMINATION Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of David J. Shulkin, of Pennsylvania, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Toomey, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Special Committee on Aging: Committee ordered favor-ably reported an original resolution (S. Res. 31) au-thorizing expenditures by the Committee, and adopted its rules of procedure for the 115th Con-gress. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 35 pub-lic bills, H.R. 781–815; and 11 resolutions, H.J. Res. 56–59; H. Con. Res. 16–18; and H. Res. 78–81, were introduced.
                                  Pages H875–77 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H879 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Valadao to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                              Page H823 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:48 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                                Page H828 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                    Pages H829, H859 
Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Securities and Exchange Com-mission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers’’: The House passed H.J. Res. 41, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Securities and Exchange Com-mission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Re-source Extraction Issuers’’, by a yea-and-nay vote of 235 yeas to 187 nays, Roll No. 72.          Pages H848–59 
H. Res. 71, the rule providing for consideration of the joint resolutions (H.J. Res. 41) and (H.J. Res. 40) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 231 ayes to 191 noes, Roll No. 71, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 231 yeas to 191 nays, Roll No. 70.
                                    Pages H831–39 
Disapproving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of the Interior known as the Stream Pro-tection Rule: The House passed H.J. Res. 38, dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule, by a yea-and-nay vote of 228 yeas to 194 nays, Roll No. 73.
                                                          Pages H840–48, H859 
H. Res. 70, the rule providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 38) was agreed to yesterday, January 31st. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H838–39, H839, H858–59, and H859. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:50 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01FE7.REC D01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D99 February 1, 2017 
Committee Meetings 
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held an or-ganizational meeting for the 115th Congress. The committee adopted its rules, oversight plan, and staff list. THE STATE OF THE WORLD: NATIONAL SECURITY THREATS AND CHALLENGES Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of the World: National Security Threats and Challenges’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. RESCUING AMERICANS FROM THE FAILED HEALTH CARE LAW AND ADVANCING PATIENT–CENTERED SOLUTIONS Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Rescuing Americans from the Failed Health Care Law and Advancing Pa-tient-Centered Solutions’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. STRENGTHENING MEDICAID AND PRIORITIZING THE MOST VULNERABLE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening Med-icaid and Prioritizing the Most Vulnerable’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. THE ELECTRICITY SECTOR’S EFFORTS TO RESPOND TO CYBERSECURITY THREATS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Electricity Sec-tor’s Efforts to Respond to Cybersecurity Threats’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. NEXT STEPS IN THE ‘SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP’—IMPACT OF A U.S.-U.K. FREE TRADE AGREEMENT Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade; and Sub-committee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Next Steps in the ‘Special Relationship’—Impact of a U.S.-U.K. Free Trade Agreement’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held an organizational meeting for the 115th Congress. The committee adopted its rules, oversight plan, and a committee resolution relating to staff hiring. The chair and ranking member agreed to the security policy and travel policy. The chair and ranking member also announced the subcommittees and member assignments. EMPOWERING THE INSPECTORS GENERAL Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Empowering the Inspectors General’’. Testimony was heard from Mi-chael E. Horowitz, Chair, Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, Inspector Gen-eral, Department of Justice; Kathy A. Buller, Execu-tive Chair, Legislation Committee, Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, In-spector General, Peace Corps; Scott S. Dahl, Inspec-tor General, Department of Labor; and John Roth, Inspector General, Department of Homeland Secu-rity. FIVE YEARS LATER: A REVIEW OF THE WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION ENHANCEMENT ACT Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Five Years Later: A Review of the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act’’. Testi-mony was heard from Robert P. Storch, Deputy In-spector General and Whistleblower Ombudsman, Office of Inspector General, Chair, Whistleblower Ombudsman Working Group Council of the Inspec-tors General on Integrity and Efficiency, Department of Justice; Eric Bachman, Deputy Special Counsel for Litigation and Legal Affairs, Office of Special Coun-sel; and public witnesses. ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held an organizational meeting for the 115th Congress. The committee adopted its rules and its authorization and oversight plan. BUILDING A 21ST CENTURY INFRASTRUCTURE FOR AMERICA Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D82) 
H.R. 72, to ensure the Government Account-ability Office has adequate access to information. Signed on January 31, 2017. (Public Law 115–3) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01FE7.REC D01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD100 February 1, 2017 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on the Budget: business meeting to consider the nomination of Mick Mulvaney, of South Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget, 11 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to continue an organizational business meeting to consider committee rules, an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 115th Congress, and the nomi-nation of Scott Pruitt, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, 10:15 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: business meeting to consider the nomination of Mick Mulvaney, of South Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget, 10 a.m., SD–342. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, business meeting for consideration of the committee oversight plan for 115th Congress, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Congressional Budget Office’s Budget and Eco-nomic Outlook’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce,Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Edu-cation, hearing entitled ‘‘Helping Students Succeed Through the Power of School Choice’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce,Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Patient Relief from Collapsing Health Markets’’, 10:30 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthorization of NTIA’’, 10:45 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, organi-zational meeting for the 115th Congress, 11 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Mid-dle East and North Africa; and Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Israel, the Palestin-ians, and the United Nations: Challenges for the New Administration’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Trans-portation and Protective Security, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of the Transportation Security Administration’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 732, the ‘‘Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2017’’; H.R. 720, the ‘‘Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 725, the ‘‘Innocent Party Protection Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Security and Effi-ciency at OPM and the National Background Investiga-tions Bureau’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Full Committee, business meeting on the committee’s oversight and authorization plan; and markup on H.R. 396, the ‘‘Tax Accountability Act of 2017’’; H.R. 194, the ‘‘Federal Agency Mail Management Act of 2017’’; H.R. 702, the ‘‘Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 2017’’; H.R. 679, the ‘‘Construction Consensus Pro-curement Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 653, the ‘‘Federal Intern Protection Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 657, the ‘‘Follow the Rules Act’’ (continued), 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01FE7.REC D01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D101 February 01, 2017 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 2 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 8 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through January 31, 2017 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 16 16 . . Time in session ................................... 83 hrs., 16 ′ 87 hrs., 19′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 540 822 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 110 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 1 2 3 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 16 100 116 Senate bills .................................. 1 1 . . House bills .................................. 2 67 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 3 3 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 1 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 10 27 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *7 *8 15 Senate bills .................................. 2 . . . . House bills .................................. . . . . . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . Simple resolutions ....................... 5 8 . . Special reports ..................................... 1 . . . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 2 2 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 288 927 1,215 Bills ............................................. 238 780 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 15 55 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 6 15 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 29 77 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 1 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 35 26 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 42 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through January 31, 2017 
Civilian nominations, totaling 52, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 6 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 46 Army nominations, totaling 2, disposed of as follows: Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 2 Navy nominations, totaling 1, disposed of as follows: Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1 
Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 Total nominations received .................................................................... 55 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 6 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 49 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 0 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D01FE7.REC D01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD102 February 1, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11 a.m., Thursday, February 2 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.J. Res. 38, Stream Protection Rule, with six hours of debate remaining on the joint resolution. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, February 2 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.J. Res. 40— Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Social Security Administration relating to Implemen-tation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007. Consideration of H.J. Res. 37—Disapproving the final rule submitted by the Department of Defense, the General Services Administration, and the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration relating to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E113 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E117 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E119 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E113 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E122 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E118 Collins, Doug, Ga., E122 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E117 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E117 Kelly, Robin L., Ill., E114 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E111, E114, E119, E122, E125 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E117 Olson, Pete, Tex., E114, E122, E125 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E113, E116, E118, E121, E124, E127 Perry, Scott, Pa., E117 Poe, Ted, Tex., E124 Rutherford, John H., Fla., E122 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E124 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E117 Scott, Austin, Ga., E125 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E116 Smith, Adam, Wash., E125 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E121 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E118 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E121 Yoho, Ted S., Fla., E125 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Feb 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D01FE7.REC D01FEPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST