Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4361 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, MAY 19, 2017 No. 87 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, May 22, 2017, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , MAY19, 2017 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving and gracious God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members of the people’s House during these decisive days. May they remain genuine enough to pre-serve their integrity, great enough to be humble, and good enough to keep their faith, always regarding public of-fice as a sacred trust. Give them the wisdom and the courage to fail not their fellow citizens nor You. Bless as well all those who serve: those men and women who are in the Armed Forces and, at the end of this week, those men and women of the blue line, who protect us daily in our homes, towns, and cities. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
OMACK ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WOMACK led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
DRUG COURT SUPPORT (Mr. WOMACK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of drug courts and veterans treatment courts in America. No one disputes the issues of ramp-ant drug use and abuse in our Nation and the tremendous hardship it is plac-ing on families, on businesses, and our criminal justice system. Recently, I met a remarkable young man from Ar-kansas who epitomizes the critical need to expand these lifesaving pro-grams. Blayne was facing 20 years in prison because of a 10-year addiction to opioid prescription drugs that spiraled out of control while experimenting in college. Today he is a father to three beautiful children, owns his own home, and is giving back to his community—all be-cause a drug court in Arkansas saved him. This month is National Drug Court Month. Drug courts represent one of our Nation’s most successful strategies for intervention. I support drug courts and veterans treatment courts. I am counting on my colleagues to ensure they are properly supported and funded. The return on investment is incalculable. f 
DIRECT CONNECT TO SUCCESS ACT (Mr. SOTO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Direct Connect to Success Act. In my district and across the State of Florida, hundreds of thousands of striv-ing students start in community col-leges and automatically get admitted into our 4-year universities if they graduate with a minimum of 2.0. A 4- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 May 19, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.000 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4362 May 19, 2017 
year degree opens up even more oppor-tunities for these students, many of whom come from underserved and rural areas. This has been a nationally recognized program that is only available in a few States, but by expanding this simple, proven program nationwide, we will ex-tend the opportunity to continue high-er education to millions more hard-working, deserving students. We can all agree that government has a role to play in reducing barriers to success, and this guaranteed admis-sion is a low-cost, highly efficient way to remove this big barrier. I ask you and others to join me in support of the Direct Connect to Success Act to cre-ate more opportunities to pursue the American Dream for all students. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. CULBERSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, every day law enforcement officers across America put their lives on the line to protect our communities and our fel-low citizens. National Police Week is an opportunity for all Americans to recognize and express our deep appre-ciation for those law enforcement offi-cers and first responders for their self-less service. I want to take a moment to honor those who have lost their lives in the line of duty. In Harris County, Texas, we recog-nize and remember the lives of Chief Clint Greenwood and Deputy Darren Goforth, who worked tirelessly to keep Houston safe. Both of these men served their communities and families honor-ably, and we are so grateful for their sacrifice. As chairman of the Commerce, Jus-tice, Science, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Subcommittee, it is and will continue to be one of my top prior-ities to ensure that our law enforce-ment officers have the resources they need to protect our communities and to protect themselves. We must always honor and protect those who protect us. I express a deep thanks to the people of Texas and America, to all our uni-formed officers, for their dedicated service to our Nation. 
f 
HONORING BUD SIMMONS (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in praise of a good Missourian and a good friend who has done a great deal to honor our men and women in uni-form. For 18 years, Bud Simmons has hosted a Troop Hero Appreciation Day at his Pier 31 Marina and Restaurant on Lake of the Ozarks in Missouri, where he treats military families to a delicious meal, boat rides on the lake, numerous prizes, and a day together as a family away from the stresses of military life. If you ask Bud why he does it, he will tell you that freedom is not free and that he wants to honor our heroes who are pledging their lives to protect ours. He remembers how many troops re-turning from Vietnam were never thanked for their sacrifices, and he doesn’t want that mistake repeated. This year’s event on Saturday, June 10, is the last time that Bud will host this event. I want to thank Bud for his efforts to honor those who serve. He has made a difference in countless lives of servicemen, servicewomen, and their families, and we are all grateful for his example, his leadership, and his patri-otism. God bless you, Bud. f 
HONORING FALLEN POLICE OFFICERS (Mr. BERGMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Michigan’s police offi-cers for their selfless service and to honor the fallen. Isaiah 6:8 says: ‘‘Whom shall I send? And who will go for us? And I said, ‘Here I am. Send me.’’’ Every time our law enforcement offi-cers put on their uniform, they are say-ing, ‘‘Send me.’’ In cities and small towns all over the United States, law enforcement offi-cers act as our protectors, defenders, and ambassadors of peace. They hold that thin blue line between thriving, healthy communities and chaos. During the past few months, I have had the pleasure of getting to know of-ficers serving the Escanaba, Gaylord, and Traverse City communities in spe-cific, and all across the First District, and I can say without pause that Michiganders are in capable and caring hands. We owe a debt of gratitude, a debt of cooperation, and a debt of consistent support to our law enforcement offi-cers. God rest the souls of the fallen. Keep their friends, families, and fellow offi-cers in your hearts and prayers. 
f 
PROBATION OFFICER PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 324, I call up the bill (H.R. 1039) to amend section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, to grant probation officers authority to arrest hostile third parties who ob-struct or impede a probation officer in the performance of official duties, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 324, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1039 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Probation Officer Protection Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORITY OF PROBATION OFFICERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ and return of a probationer’’ and by inserting ‘‘author- ity of probation officers’’; (2) by striking ‘‘If there’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) If there’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A probation officer, while in the per-formance of his or her official duties, may arrest a person without a warrant if there is probable cause to believe that the person has forcibly assaulted, resisted, opposed, im-peded, intimidated, or interfered with the probation officer, or a fellow probation offi-cer, in violation of section 111. The arrest au-thority described in this subsection shall be exercised under such rules and regulations as the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall prescribe.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for subchapter A of chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 3606 and in-serting the following: ‘‘3606. Arrest authority of probation offi-cers.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. After 1 hour of debate on the bill, it shall be in order to consider the amendment print-ed in House Report 115–127, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered read, shall be separately debatable for the time spec-ified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for a division of the question. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I asked unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 1039. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PROCEEDINGS ON  
AMENDMENT TO H .R. 1039, PROBATION OFFICER  
PROTECTION ACT OF 2017  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting the amendment to H.R. 1039 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Before I address the bill under con-sideration today, I would like to take a few minutes to honor a very special 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 May 19, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.002 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4363 May 19, 2017 
member of my staff, Burak Guvensoylar, who lost his courageous battle with cancer this past weekend. Burak was a valued member of the Judiciary Committee team and worked on a variety of issues, including digital privacy and intellectual property. His vast knowledge and grasp of the issues impacting the technology community was a tremendous asset to the com-mittee. Most recently, Burak’s work included the development of the committee’s In-novation and Competitiveness Agenda; and his steadfast work and tenacious attitude were not only essential in making this initiative a success, but were also a testament to his character. In fact, while he was undergoing inten-sive cancer treatments, he was actively working and sending follow-up emails from his hospital bed. And just days be-fore Burak passed away, he met with FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai to discuss a number of Judiciary Committee pri-orities. For Burak, nothing could pre-vent him from an opportunity to dis-cuss and advance the policies he was so passionate about. Burak was a true technology policy enthusiast. Prior to joining the staff of the Judiciary Committee, Burak served as a legislative adviser for Congress-man Randy Forbes. While working for Congressman Forbes, Burak handled the diverse range of issues that fall under the jurisdiction of the Judiciary Committee, but it was always evident that technology policy was his first love. He cofounded the Congressional Tech Staff Association and served as an ex-ecutive officer responsible for the pro-fessional development program. Prior to his career on Capitol Hill, Burak worked at TechAmerica and CompTIA, focusing on international trade policy. Burak has many friends here in the Halls of Congress on both sides of the aisle. I know all of my colleagues join me in extending our deepest sym-pathies to his mother, Filiz; his sister, Aylin Forbes; his girlfriend, Ashley Newsome; and all of his loved ones. Burak will be deeply missed. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1039, the Probation Officer Pro-tection Act of 2017, and urge my col-leagues to do the same. I want to thank the primary author of the bill, the gentleman from Wash-ington, Congressman R
EICHERT , for his leadership on this and many other law enforcement issues. Under current law, a Federal proba-tion officer may arrest a probationer or an offender on supervised released if the officer has probable cause to be-lieve that the offender has violated a condition of his or her probation or re-lease. The officer may make the arrest with or without a warrant. Unfortunately, current law does not grant probation officers arrest author-ity in situations where a third party attempts to physically obstruct an offi-cer or inflict physical harm on the offi-cer. Despite the fact that interfering with a probation officer in the perform-ance of his or her official duties is in itself a crime, Federal probation offi-cers lack the authority to correct or restrain a physically interfering third party. In fact, a probation officer’s only course of action is to retreat from the situation. This not only exposes these officers to a heightened risk of harm, as they are not permitted to subdue the assailant, it also allows the proba-tioner to conceal evidence that he has violated terms of his probation or su-pervised release or any other criminal activity. H.R. 1039 is a reasonable and respon-sible remedy to this very real problem. This bill, which has the support of the Judicial Conference of the United States and the Federal Law Enforce-ment Officers Association, will protect probation officers and enhance their ability to do their job by giving them authority to arrest a third party who forcibly interferes with an officer’s per-formance of his or her official duties. b0915 This bill would not give probation of-ficers general arrest authority. Rather, as noted, it grants them the very lim-ited authority to arrest a third party who is interfering with the duties of the officer, which is already a Federal crime. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense measure to ensure that these dedicated men and women have the necessary authority to undertake their duties safely and effectively. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, first of all, to the chair-man and to the Republican team, let me offer, on behalf of the Democrats and Mr. CONYERS , our deepest sym-pathy for the loss of Burak, and to also acknowledge how important our staff is and how important we are as a fam-ily on the Judiciary Committee; staff, Republican and Democratic staff mem-bers, working together around legisla-tion that makes a difference in the lives of Americans. To hear the dedica-tion of Burak only warms our hearts to recognize that we still live in the greatest country in the world because we have young people willing to serve and sacrifice on behalf of their Nation. I offer my deepest sympathy to you and to his family as well. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the un-derlying bill, and that is H.R. 1039. Again, as we finish Police Week, let me say to all of those in law enforcement, including our Federal law enforcement, local, county, and State, a very large ‘‘thank you’’ for the work that you have done. In my work as a former judge in the city of Houston, I have seen their work up close and personal, and as well, I have had the opportunity, on a number of cases, where I have asked and interacted with them as they have pro-ceeded with their investigation to find the culprit, the perpetrator, and to make the community safe. Federal probation officers perform a critical service in interacting with and managing their supervisees. They have a central role in seeking to achieve the important goals of supervision, which includes rehabilitating the defendant, safeguarding society from further criminal conduct by the defendant, and protecting the rights of victims. Although probation officers do have the ability to arrest a supervisee under certain circumscribed conditions, they should not take on the role of police of-ficers. Rather, they should focus on their role of working in a constructive manner with supervisees to maximize the chances of adherence to the condi-tions of supervision. We certainly do not want probation officers to be threatened or assaulted while performing their duties, nor do we want anyone to obstruct the per-formance of those duties. In many in-stances, those probation officers can be assisted by backup officers or other Federal officers in the line of their duty. That is why Congress enacted section 111 of title 18 of the United States Code which prohibits such be-havior. If violated, these crimes should be investigated, charges brought when appropriate, but also the probation of-ficer can seek assistance. In fact, probation officers have long relied on law enforcement officers to provide support during searches, and I believe that is still the best course. Section 111, however, itself presents se-rious issues about the vagueness of some of its terms that define violation, such as ‘‘interferes’’ or ‘‘opposes.’’ May I remind my colleagues that we have a First Amendment. We have the right of freedom of speech and freedom of access, freedom of movement. This exacerbates my concerns about allow-ing probation officers to arrest individ-uals whom they are not supervising for violations of this section. Indeed, we are told by proponents of the bill that Federal probation officers plan to use lesser-included authority to detain violators instead of bringing them in for charges after an arrest. At a time when we need to do more to de- escalate circumstances involving con-frontations between law enforcement and citizens, I am concerned that es-tablishing this authority would only lead to more confrontation. In concluding, as I indicated, the bill would authorize Federal probation offi-cers to arrest, without a warrant, an individual other than their supervisee if there is probable cause to believe that person assaulted or interfered with a probation officer in the course of their duties. I believe there are conflicting con-stitutional issues here, and I ask my colleagues, with all due respect, to op-pose the legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 May 19, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.004 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4364 May 19, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1039, the ‘‘Probation Officer Protection Act.’’ I must oppose this bill for several important reasons. To begin with, this bill raises serious con-stitutional and practical concerns that could have been identified and explored had our Committee held any hearings on the subject matter. This bill would authorize federal probation officers to arrest without a warrant an indi-vidual—other than supervisees—if there is probable cause to believe that person as-saulted or interfered with a probation officer in the course of their duties. The changes this bill would make to current law would significantly alter the role of federal probation officers and invite abuse in the ap-plication of the proposed expanded authority. Federal probation officers perform a critical service in interacting with and managing their supervisees. They have a central role in seek-ing to achieve the important goals of super-vision, which includes: (1) rehabilitating the defendant; (2) safeguarding society from further crimi-nal conduct by the defendant; and (3) protecting the rights of victims. Although probation officers do have the abil-ity to arrest a supervisee under certain cir-cumscribed conditions, they should not take on the role of police officers. Rather, they should focus on their role of working in a con-structive manner with supervisees to maximize the chances of adherence to the conditions of supervision. We certainly do not want probation officers to be threatened or assaulted while performing their duties, nor do we want anyone to ob-struct the performance of those duties. That is why Congress enacted Section 111 of Title 18 of the United States Code, which prohibits such behavior. If violated, these crimes should be investigated and charges brought when appropriate. In fact, probation officers have long relied on law enforcement officers to provide support during searches, and I believe that is still the best course to continue. Section 111, however, itself presents seri-ous issues about the vagueness of some of its terms that define violations, such as ‘‘inter-feres’’ or ‘‘opposes’’. This exacerbates my concerns about allow-ing probation officers to arrest individuals whom they are not supervising for violations of this section. Making such determinations on vague terms invites abuse. Indeed, we are told by proponents of the bill that federal probation officers plan to use ‘‘lesser included’’ authority to ‘‘detain’’ violators instead of bringing them in for charges after an arrest. This is an invitation for abuse as it indicates the statute may be used—at times—when not necessary. And, at a time when we need to do more to de-escalate circumstances involving confronta-tions between law enforcement and citizens, I am concerned that establishing this authority will only lead to more confrontation. This is all the more troubling because of constitutional concerns regarding such deten-tions. As the Federal Public Defenders of New York explains: ‘‘the Fourth Amendment does not permit probation officers to exercise this ‘lesser included’ power. Under an exception to the Fourth Amendment’s probable cause re-quirement, police officers, when executing a search warrant, are permitted to temporarily restrain third parties absent probable cause for arrest, including by using handcuffs. In holding such detentions to be ‘reasonable,’ the Su-preme Court emphasized the fact—‘of prime importance’—that the search was authorized by a neutral magistrate’s finding of probable cause to search the premises.’’ In the circumstances contemplated by this bill, the probation officers would have the right to be on the premises, but their underlying au-thority to detain individuals—not based on a probable cause warrant—would fail this con-stitutional requirement. Overall, the extension of third-party arrest authority to federal probation officers is a step in the wrong direction. As the Federal Defend-ers warn, the ‘‘bill represents a retreat from the current constructive role of probation offi-cers in reintegrating offenders into society. If probation officers assumed the role of police, directing and restraining, or arresting, family and friends, progress in individual cases and the system as a whole would be undermined.’’ Likewise, the American Civil Liberties Union and the Leadership Counsel for Civil and Human Rights have expressed strong opposi-tion to this bill. I appreciate the dedication of federal proba-tion officers in carrying out their important du-ties. And it is because of my respect for the role that they play that I fear that this bill will ultimately serve to undermine it. Accordingly, I ask that my colleagues join me in opposing this well-intentioned, but harm-ful bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ), the chief sponsor of the leg-islation. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, today I am here to talk about a bill that should be a fully bipartisan bill sup-ported by all Members of this body. It gives our probation officers the tools they need to defend themselves, but also, at the same time, protect the peo-ple who are on probation that the pro-bation officers are trying to help and protect and keep on track and get them back on a path to productive citi-zenship in this country. Sometimes they are impeded from doing their job, not just verbally. I was a cop for 33 years. I was ver-bally abused thousands of times. I have lost track. Those bounce off the badge, and that is what probation officers do. Verbal abuse is verbal abuse. You deal with it, you handle it, and you go about your day. But when somebody puts their hands on you, or they spit on you, that is physical. That is assault. Probation officers should be able to protect themselves and take actions in those instances when they are as-saulted. You don’t need an arrest war-rant. You don’t need a search warrant to arrest someone who has just as-saulted an officer. This is common sense. So to say you need a search warrant or an arrest warrant to arrest someone who has assaulted you is the wrong way to look at this law. The person who is being supervised lives in a resi-dence, and the probation officer has the authority to go to that residence and has the authority, by the way, Mr. Speaker, to walk into that residence. They have the authority to force their way into that residence if it is known to be owned by the person who is on probation. And if they are obstructed in doing that, it is a violation of the law. Furthermore, if they are as-saulted, it is another violation. In the past, what has happened is that the probation officers had to step away, walk away, and say: Oh, well. The guy just spit in my face. He punched me in the face. He pushed me. He obstructed me. I guess I will go back to my car and get on the radio, and 30 minutes from now when police officers can finally show up—because we are shorthanded across this Nation as far as police officers go. We have hundreds and hundreds, thousands, of vacancies across this Nation in every police department, every sheriff’s of-fice. So we are going to just step away, we are going to call for backup, and we are going to wait for a half an hour and see what happens. I think this not only puts the proba-tion officer at risk, but it also puts the person who is on probation at risk. What is happening in that house that that person doesn’t want us to come in and see? I have worked with, as you might guess, probation officers from the local level, Federal level, all across the spec-trum. They are well trained. They have an academy that they go through. They raise their right hand and swear to uphold the Constitution, all the laws of this country. They are trained. Every year they have a minimal amount of training, 40 hours. That is the minimum. They have additional training on top of that on specific issues on how to handle situations where it escalates to a physical event. They know how to de-escalate verbal events. These are professional people who are doing a job that a lot of people don’t want. And already States across this coun-try have recognized that their State probation officers need this sort of au-thority. In some States, for example, they have given them full police au-thority. I repeat, full police authority. In this case, it is very limited. It is limited to the obstruction. It is limited to the physical obstruction of the pro-bation officer doing their job that we have asked them to do on behalf of all of us in this country. The least we can do, as we wrap up National Police Week, is to say we support law enforce-ment. Mr. Speaker, there are Members in this body who have found a way—de-cided that there is a way that I can vote ‘‘no’’ on this instead of standing up and saying—there are Members here that have had police officers added to the memorial wall this past week; in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.001 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4365 May 19, 2017 
some cases, five people from one State. Those Members have decided to find a way to not support law enforcement, and they are going to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Speaker, we can yak all we want about supporting cops, but if we don’t show it with this vote, it is all talk. When I was a cop, you had to walk the talk. And today, Members of this body, if you support law enforcement, you better walk the talk. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman and indicate that there is no doubt we want our offi-cers to be safe. I do want to bring to the attention of my colleagues that we don’t want pro-bation officers to be threatened or as-saulted while performing their work or their duties, nor do we want to ob-struct the performance of those duties. Let me remind my colleagues that many times probation officers are going into homes. There are moms and grandmoms or granddads or children, and certainly we realize that emotions of concern may occur. We want our probation officers to be safe. That is why Congress enacted sec-tion 111 of title 18 of the United States Code which prohibits such behavior. And if violated, these crimes should be investigated, and charges are brought. But the other point is that our proba-tion officers undergo an initial 6 weeks of training and some additional train-ing during the year. They still do not have the degree of training of law en-forcement officers. I want them to be protected. That is why I think it is im-portant that they have the assistance of trained law enforcement officers. Not all probation officers carry a firearm, as it varies in each judicial district. We want them protected, and we would rather follow the law, which is section 111. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AS-
CRELL ), who has a longstanding record of advocacy and support for the Na-tion’s law enforcement and first re-sponders, and he is a member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, as we just heard from my good friend, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ), as co-chairs of the Law En-forcement Caucus, this is an important piece of legislation for us. Mr. Speaker, as the lead Democrat sponsor of this bill, the Probation Offi-cer Protection Act, I rise in strong sup-port of closing a gap in the current law to help Federal probation officers more safely and effectively carry out their duties. Despite the fact that assaulting, re-sisting, or otherwise preventing Fed-eral probation officers from performing their official duties is against the law, current law does not provide the same officers the authority to correct or re-strain an interfering third party. This act simply expands the authority of the Federal probation officers to arrest a third party with probable cause in cases where a third party tries to phys-ically obstruct or harm the officer. I understand that some of my friends worry about the implications of ex-panding arrest authority for law en-forcement. I have to say there are a lot of trumped up arguments being made against this bill. For starters, Federal probation officers are fully trained and sworn Federal law enforcement offi-cers. They have a tremendous training program in Charleston, South Carolina, the Law Enforcement Training Center. They understand that this training is a continuing process as well. These officers receive extensive, on-going, nationally standardized training to safely arrest individuals on super-vised release with probable cause with-out a warrant. This training is also ap-plicable to the limited arrest authority granted by this bill. The idea that expanding probation officers’ arrest authority to third par-ties will somehow lead to probation of-ficers going on an unwarranted arrest-ing spree, violating individuals’ civil rights with impunity, is nonsense. b0930 The bill includes language to ensure that the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts would issue national guidelines to im-plement this new, limited authority. The authority will not give Federal probation officers plenary law enforce-ment powers or general arrest author-ity. Probable cause still must exist to carry out an arrest. That is very clear in the legislation. The bill does nothing to alter Federal probation officers’ scope of responsibility. To suggest so undermines the training these officers receive and the oaths that they take. Secondly, I understand that constitu-tional concerns have been raised by my colleagues about the due process and rights of these third parties. Nothing in this bill, Mr. Speaker, alters the due process or rights of third parties. Noth-ing in the bill. If a third party agrees to house an in-dividual on supervised release, they consent to the Federal probation offi-cer having access to common areas and any part of the home to which the of-fender has access. Additionally, Fed-eral probation officers build a relation-ship with the third party housing the individual on supervised release in order to manage their expectations on what it means to have a supervised probationer living under their roof. Finally, Mr. Speaker, Federal proba-tion officers conducted a total of 1,060 searches pursuant to a court-ordered search condition or with consent last year. More than half of the searches had at least one third party present. Despite relying on other law enforce-ment agencies for support and assist-ance during 493 of these searches, Fed-eral probation officers encountered un-cooperative third parties on 39 occa-sions. So, Mr. Speaker, as my colleagues have acknowledged, we are not talking about a significant number of instances where this additional authority is needed—remember, only 39 instances last year. Opponents claim these num-bers are low, making this a solution in search of a problem. But in these 39 in-stances, a third party threatened, in-timidated, refused to cooperate, and denied officers entry into residence to prevent an officer from doing their job. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, oppo-nents claim, that is their claim that they have. This is against the law, plain and simple. The probation officer in these instances did not have the authority they needed to remedy the situation. No one wants to increase the number of arrests. That is not the purpose of the legislation. In a perfect world, ev-eryone wants a situation to be deesca-lated before an arrest or a detention happens. Ideally, Federal probation of-ficers would have the resources to visit their probe with a law enforcement of-ficer. However, we don’t live in a perfect world. Oh? These resources are not al-ways available. Third parties some-times intentionally interfere to pre-vent a Federal probation officer from performing their official duties. I urge my colleagues to support the Probation Officer Protection Act to en-sure Federal probation officers are able to do their job safely and more effec-tively by giving them third-party ar-rest authority when probable cause ex-ists. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), a member of the Committee on the Judi-ciary. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on this legislation, I think it is important that individuals understand probation officers. I worked at the courthouse in Houston, Texas, as a prosecutor and then as a criminal court judge for 22 years. I had probation officers report to me. That was our system. I knew a lot of probation officers, Federal and State. I think our society does not un-derstand how important their job is. A person comes to court charged with a crime, and the judge decides to release that person on supervised pro-bation. The person goes back out into the community and is supposed to fol-low a bunch of rules or the probation could be revoked. Probation officers not only have probationers come to their office to report, but probation of-ficers go out there where these proba-tioners are—in their homes and where they are working—and check up on them, trying to make sure they toe the line. It is a very, very dangerous job, in my opinion. Many of these probation officers work alone, just because of budget problems. So they will go out there, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:30 May 19, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.006 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4366 May 19, 2017 
and they will talk to some probationer about their probation and try to en-courage them to, for example, get a job. That is what you are supposed to do when you are on probation. And they encounter other people—some-times family members, sometimes friends, sometimes roommates, busi-ness associates—and they start yelling and screaming at the probation officer. Sometimes they commit a crime against the probation officer. What is the probation officer supposed to do? Call the police? No. Under this legislation, it allows the probation officer to arrest other people who are basically committing a crime against the probation officer, whether it is an assault or whether it is a threat or whether it is interfering, maybe, with the arrest of the probationer. That is what this legislation does. It helps protect the probation officer when they are out there trying to reha-bilitate probationers. I have heard stories over the 22 years at the courthouse from probation offi-cers about how, when they go out in one of these areas of Houston, Texas, some of the people that are there with the probationer aren’t the nicest folks in the world, and they start yelling, screaming, and actually will commit a crime against the probation officer— for example, a threat, or maybe even an assault. Remember, many of these individuals are working alone. They don’t go out there with a SWAT team. They are out there by themselves, and they are doing, really, what we want them to do to keep that probationer following the straight and narrow, make sure they are doing what they are supposed to do. And then sometimes people interfere. This legislation protects the probation officer and allows the officer to keep those folks at bay and arrest them. Now, I have heard the concerns of whether or not this is a violation of the Fourth Amendment. There is no one more supportive of the Fourth Amend-ment than I am. It does not violate the Fourth Amendment. It gives the proba-tion officer authority to arrest only after probable cause because a crime was committed. Rather than call for help, call for the Texas Rangers, they can actually arrest that individual who is interfering. I do not believe it is a violation of the Fourth Amendment. I would hope those people who think so would read the Fourth Amendment and then read the statute as well. I support this legislation. I appre-ciate what the chairman and Sheriff R
EICHERT had to say. And that is just the way it is, Mr. Speaker. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire if the other side has any additional speakers? Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume to close. First of all, let me indicate the im-portant work that all law enforcement do and, as well, those who serve in the probation departments of our State and Federal Government. In particular, we are talking about Federal probation officers. I think it is important to give them a debt of gratitude. But they are not police officers. They are probation officers. Their training is quite different. Their role is quite dif-ferent. They are to engage in a con-structive relationship with the proba-tioner, rehabilitation, making sure they adhere to their rules and confine-ment or what is detailed by the court. They do it very well; so much so, that we have determined that the incidents are very low. Of the 987 searches that were con-ducted by Federal probation officers, only 30 involved uncooperative third parties, or 3 percent. We would like it to be zero. Of the 1,060 searches con-ducted in 2016, only 39 involved unco-operative third parties, which amounts to about 3.7 percent. But I agree, no probation officer should be subjected to encountering any manner that threatens them. But this legislation is vague; it is constitu-tionally weak. It is weak as relates to the Constitution. Its premises, as unop-posed and interfered, invite abuse. I still maintain that many of these probation officers go to the homes of either the probationer or their family, and likely, in many instances, it is close individuals. I believe probationers can be assisted by law enforcement officers. Remem-ber, the training is distinctly different. What it lends itself to is overbroad in-terpretations of interference with pro-bation officers, whose duties may lead to overzealous exercise of arrest au-thority, which does violate the Con-stitution. We are now looking at ways to work with law enforcement, and the solution would not be even more training, be-cause we do not want to turn probation officers into police officers, which would undermine the constructive role probation officers have in the rehabili-tation of supervisees. Detaining, ar-resting, and issuing orders to family, friends, employers, and coworkers of supervisees will not advance the goals of supervision but would escalate con-flict and lead to greater danger. These are high goals that my col-leagues have spoken of, and I certainly believe that these are worthy goals, but I would offer to say that third par-ties are not in the same position as those who are supervised with respect to their rights. They have given up none of their rights and should not be detained or arrested in violation of the Fourth Amendment. It is and can be a violation of the Fourth Amendment, of unreasonable search and seizure. It is too vague a description to allow an on-site determination as to whether some-one should be arrested. So, in the name of the respect and dignity of all and the appreciation of probation officers, if they view the sit-uation as inappropriate or threatening, as the law allows, those cases should be investigated and prosecuted, but they can call law enforcement officers. Fed-eral probation officers should never be threatened, intimidated, assaulted, or precluded from doing their jobs. Never-theless, H.R. 1039, rather than improv-ing their ability to execute their re-sponsibilities, would, unfortunately, have the opposite result. In addition to presenting the con-stitutional concerns, the bill fails to provide an acceptable, practical, or necessary preventative measure. Fur-ther, as the public defenders of New York have indicated, the Fourth Amendment does not permit probation officers to exercise this lesser included power. Under an exception to the Fourth Amendment’s probable cause requirement, police officers, when exe-cuting a search warrant, are permitted to temporarily restrain third parties, absent probable cause for arrest, in-cluding by using handcuffs. Holding such detentions to be reason-able, the Supreme Court emphasized the fact of prime importance: that the search was authorized by a neutral magistrate’s finding of probable cause to search the premises. That is not what the probation officer comes into that place with. They are not a law en-forcement officer. In caution to our efforts to recognize and respect these fine men and women, let us find a different way, and let us adhere to the established law that will protect the probation officer and all those whom he or she may come in contact with. Again, with great respect for law en-forcement and those who serve, I would ask my colleagues to recognize the broadness and vagueness of this legisla-tion and oppose it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b0945 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, we have heard many ar-guments in opposition to this legisla-tion. We have carefully explained how each of these arguments is unfounded. I simply want to again urge my col-leagues to vote for this very simple, yet much-needed, piece of bipartisan legislation. Support the men and women of law enforcement with your vote. Support the Fraternal Order of Police who wrote a letter supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I enter in the RECORD  the FOP letter. 
NATIONAL FRATERNAL  O
RDER OF POLICE , Washington, DC, 15 February 2017. Hon. D
AVID G. R EICHERT , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE REICHERT : I am writing on behalf of the members of the Fra-ternal Order of Police to advise you of our support for H.R. 1039, the ‘‘Probation Officer Protection Act.’’ This legislation will amend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.008 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4367 May 19, 2017 
section 3606 of Title 18, United States Code, to grant probation officers authority to ar-rest hostile third parties who obstruct or im-pede a probation officer in the performance of official duties. Probation officers supervise men, women and juveniles who are convicted of a crime. Instead of a judge sentencing these offenders to prison, the judge sentences them to close supervision while continuing to live and work with the general public. A probation of-ficer’s job title comes with an inherent ele-ment of danger due to the supervision of of-fenders such as drug addicts, sexual offenders and domestic violence offenders who could turn violent at any time. Offenders are often intimidated by the amount of power a proba-tion officer has over their freedom. If they feel the officer will recommend a prison sen-tence or report illegal activity, which may lead to a prison sentence, they may try to eliminate this threat by harming the officer. When probation officers are accosted by a violent third party, they are forced to re-treat because they have no third-party ar-rest authority. They also cannot assist any police officer at the scene who may have been called to assist. This subjects everyone involved in the situation to greater risk and can result in the loss of evidence, the escape of an offender, or harm to an individual. In the past, offenders typically reported to the probation officer’s office for scheduled visits. Now many probation officers are re-quired to make home visits where the of-fender may have easy access to weapons. While the officer may carry a gun, and have armed back up in some cases, often he or she will go into the home or workplace alone without knowing anything about other per-sons at the site. For these reasons, this authority is needed and we are proud to support your bill and look forward to working with you on it. On behalf of more than 330,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police, I want to thank you for introducing this legislation and amendment. If I can be of further help, please do not hesitate to contact me or my Senior Advisor, Jim Pasco, in my Wash-ington office. Sincerely, C
HUCK CANTERBURY , National President. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, sup-port the Federal Law Enforcement Of-ficers Association, who called H.R. 1039 a ‘‘critical officer safety measure’’ in their letter of endorsement. Support the National Association of Police Organizations, who said H.R. 1039 is a ‘‘sensible solution that ensures the safety of the officer, the proba-tioner, and the community.’’ Mr. Speaker, I enter in the R
ECORD  these letters. 
FEDERAL LAW E
NFORCEMENT OFFICERS ASSOCIATION , Cabin John, MD, May 17, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER AND LEADER PELOSI : I am writing on behalf of the nearly 27,000 members of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association to advise you of our strong support for H.R. 1039, the ‘‘Probation Officer Protection Act,’’ and to express our appreciation for the Congress’s consideration of this important officer safety measure dur-ing National Police Week. FLEOA opposes the amendment that will be offered on the floor to sunset the authority provided by the bill, as you cannot put a stopwatch on crit-ical law enforcement officer protection measures such as H.R. 1039. The ‘‘Probation Officer Protection Act’’ is a critical officer safety measure. At a time when U.S. Probation Officers have seen their workloads increase due to changes in sen-tencing policy and are being asked to ‘‘do more with the same,’’ ensuring that they have the means to protect themselves when placed in harm’s way is paramount. H.R. 1039 will fully authorize a U.S. Probation Officer to arrest any third party who violates 18 USC 111. This statute has been on the books since the 1940s and makes it a crime for any person to forcibly assault, resist, intimidate, or interfere with any federal officer in the performance of their official duties. Current law, however, only allows Probation Officers to make arrests of individuals on probation or under supervised release who violate 18 USC 111. This authority does not extend to ‘‘third parties,’’ which could include a former associate of the offender or an un-identified member of the community. In many instances third parties are well aware that a federal officer’s authority is limited to individuals on supervision, and when a third party does impede or assault a U.S. Probation Officer, the Officer’s only recourse is to retreat and call for local law enforce-ment. While in major cities local law en-forcement may respond depending on avail-ability, the same is not true for U.S. Proba-tion Officers who work in rural communities where response by local law enforcement may be a single officer or none. This places Probation Officers at even greater risk, par-ticularly in those situations where retreat is not even a reasonably safe alternative. During the forthcoming debate on this bill, there will undoubtedly be those who go to great lengths to demean U.S. Probation Offi-cers as something less than ‘‘real’’ law en-forcement officers or to diminish the hazards that they face. Some may also raise inchoate objections about the constitutionality of H.R. 1039. For example, you will hear that Congress cannot extend Executive Branch police powers to the Judicial Branch, despite the fact that it was Congress that estab-lished the U.S. Supreme Court Police that resides directly across the street from the U.S. Capitol. Not only are such statements factually inaccurate, they display a basic lack of understanding about those who serve our nation as U.S. Probation Officers and the purposes behind the ‘‘Probation Officer Pro-tection Act.’’ Make no mistake: U.S. Probation Officers are fully trained federal law enforcement of-ficers. They attend basic training at the Na-tional Training Academy at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center in Charleston, SC, and receive ongoing in-service training throughout the year. Their training covers everything from firearms regulation and safety and defensive tactics to handcuffing, the use of force, de-escalation training, and reality-based scenario training. It may be difficult for some to acknowledge, but there is an inherent risk to the work U.S. Proba-tion Officers do—a risk that often outweighs that of traditional law enforcement. They do not enter into sterile offices, but often into environments that are uncertain. They are required to have frequent and regular con-tacts in the home and community and know-ingly come into daily contact with individ-uals who have a history of violence, mental health issues, problems with authority, and troubles with substance abuse. U.S. Proba-tion Officers are not able to anticipate what is going to occur during all contacts. There are and have been occasions when U.S. Pro-bation Officers are threatened and/or at-tacked by third parties and they need the ability to take an affirmative step to protect themselves. U.S. Probation Officers are a unique pro-fession. They have a knowledge base in law and human behavior, and a mix of skills in investigation, communication, and analysis. They strive to make our communities safer, to make a positive difference in the lives of those they serve, and promote fairness in process and excellence in service. But as the volume of approved searches they must con-duct has markedly increased over the past year due to changes in sentencing policy, the absence of any authority to restrain or di-rect the movements of third parties places U.S. Probation Officers at a greater and un-necessary risk of physical harm. H.R. 1039 provides a modest expansion of U.S. Proba-tion Officers’ existing arrest authority to cover only violations of 18 USC 111. It does not in any way provide them ‘‘peace officer’’ status or grant them the same general arrest authority that state-level probation officers enjoy in many jurisdictions. Granting U.S. Probation Officers the authority to arrest third parties would not change who they are and what they are seeking. Nor will it inter-fere with or otherwise diminish U.S. Proba-tion Officers’ use of the de-escalation tech-niques that are the hallmark of their profes-sion. It would simply afford them another tool, another avenue, if ever needed. In the end, this legislation will enhance of-ficer safety while also protecting proba-tioners and third parties by preventing ob-struction from escalating to actual violence. Thank you in advance for your consideration of this legislation and for helping U.S. Pro-bation Officers do their job more safely by passing H.R. 1039, the ‘‘Probation Officer Protection Act.’’ Sincerely, NATHAN R. C ATURA , National President. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  P
OLICE ORGANIZATIONS , INC., Alexandria, VA, May 17, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: On behalf of the Na-tional Association of Police Organizations (NAPO), I am writing to advise you of our support for H.R. 1039, the Probation Officer Protection Act. NAPO is a coalition of police units and as-sociations from across the United States that serves to advance the interests of Amer-ica’s law enforcement through legislative and legal advocacy, political action, and edu-cation. Founded in 1978, NAPO now rep-resents more than 1,000 police units and asso-ciations, 241,000 sworn law enforcement offi-cers, and more than 100,000 citizens who share a common dedication to fair and effec-tive crime control and law enforcement. Probation officers in the United States have experienced a significant increase in their workloads due to the recent changes in federal sentencing guidelines, but they are being asked to do more with the same amount of resources. With these officers spread thin, it is important that they have every means available to protect themselves when put in harm’s way. The Probation Offi-cer Protection Act narrowly expands current law to grant federal probation officers the authority to arrest any third party who forc-ibly assaults, resists, intimidates, or inter-feres with the officer in the performance of his or her official duties. Currently, when a federal probation officer is assaulted or threatened by a third party, they must retreat and call local law enforce-ment. This not only places the probation of-ficer in danger, particularly if there is no way to withdraw from the situation, but it is a strain on local law enforcement agencies, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.003 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4368 May 19, 2017 
many of which do not have enough officers just to patrol their communities. The Proba-tion Officer Protection Act is a sensible solu-tion that ensures the safety of the officer, the probationer and the community. We appreciate Congress considering this important officer safety bill during National Police Week. If we can provide any assist-ance, please feel free to contact me. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM J. JOHNSON , Executive Director. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, col-lectively, these organizations represent over half a million sworn law enforce-ment officers. On this last day of Na-tional Police Week, let’s join them in supporting this bill. In this body, Members tend to fre-quently use the term ‘‘common sense’’ to describe a piece of legislation. I don’t think many more pieces of legis-lation are as common sense as this bill. It really boils down to this question: Should a law enforcement officer be able to arrest the individual who forc-ibly assaulted, resisted, opposed, im-peded, intimidated, or interfered with that officer? That is it. That is all we are talking about today. Common sense tells us that the answer is a resounding ‘‘yes.’’ It has been insinuated that probation officers aren’t real law enforcement and lack the training to make arrests. I think the brave men and women who serve as Federal probation officers, who have received extensive training, and have ongoing training require-ments as part of their jobs, might dis-agree with that insinuation. Further, the Administrative Office of the United States Courts and its Fed-eral Probation and Pretrial Academy offer nationally standardized training programs and advanced training pro-grams targeting specialized areas of su-pervision. Common sense tells us that these officers are qualified to make ar-rests. Opponents of this bill would prefer to have these law enforcement officers re-treat when confronted by third parties. Let’s think about what some of the consequences of retreat might mean. If forced to retreat, that officer is forced to terminate interaction with a proba-tioner who may urgently require serv-ices, such as substance abuse or mental health treatment. It also means con-traband, such as firearms or narcotics, which could have been removed by the parole officer, remains in the commu-nity. In short, the consequences of retreat place public safety in jeopardy. Com-mon sense tells us that retreat is not a viable option. There is nothing revolutionary going on here. There is no new Federal crime being added. This bill simply says that when someone forcibly assaults, re-sists, opposes, impedes, intimidates, or interferes with a probation officer, that probation officer can arrest that indi-vidual. It is already a crime to engage in the behavior I just described. An individual who commits that act is going to get arrested. All we are debating today is who puts the handcuffs on the arrestee. Common sense tells us that the officer who was assaulted should have the au-thority to make the arrest. Use common sense. Support H.R. 1039, the Probation Officer Protection Act of 2017, so that Federal probation officers can do their jobs safely and ef-fectively. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
SEC. 3. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON NEW AUTHORITY OF PROBATION OF-FICERS. 
Not later than 2 years after the effective date of this act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study, and report to the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate on the results thereof, on the arrest authority provided to probation officers under sub-section (b) of section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 2 of this Act. Such study shall include information about— (1) any instance of an abuse of power in the exercise of such arrest authority; (2) any complaints filed about the exercise of such arrest authority; and (3) any harm resulting from the exercise of such arrest authority, including any civil ac-tion alleging the violation of a civil right in the exercise of such arrest authority. 
SEC. 4. SUNSET OF ARREST AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b) of this section, section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking sub-section (b). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (a) of this section shall take effect on the date that is 30 months after the effective date of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 324, the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, my amendment preserves the trust and in-tegrity between probation officers and supervisees while ensuring public safe-ty. While I understand the intended goal in the underlying bill, there are some unique concerns that it raises, and my amendment addresses and will, I be-lieve, provide additional information. My amendment calls for a com-prehensive study by the GAO of the newly granted authority to determine the impact on probationers, supervisees, third parties, and the over-all probation practice, if that author-ity is so granted by the vote of this body. This study shall sunset at 30 months after the effective date of this act. These are concerns that we should all have if we want to ensure that this bill works and reaches its intended pur-pose, if it is voted on by my colleagues and passes. In allowing the study, we will ascer-tain information that we otherwise would not have but would have learned had we proceeded with a hearing on this bill. This amendment will focus on the bill’s impact in application. The study will first review instances of abuse of power in the exercise of such arrest au-thority. Second, it will document any com-plaints made and/or filed regarding the exercise of the probationer’s arrest au-thority of third parties. Third, it will study any harm result-ing from the exercise of such arrest au-thority, including any civil action al-leging the violation of a civil right in the exercise of this expanded author-ity. I am confident that my colleagues would agree that public safety is para-mount, the safety of the probation offi-cer is paramount, the safety of those who are in the immediate custody of the probationer, and, of course, those other individuals. We want this to be a sound policy, so implementing sound policies will foster trust and, thereby, public safety. I want to thank the Rules Committee for making my amendment in order, and I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting the Jackson Lee amend-ment. While I understand the intended goal in the underline bill, there are some unique concerns that it raises and my amendment addresses and will fix those concerns. My amendment calls for a comprehensive study by GAO of the newly granted authority, to determine its impact on probationers, supervisees, third parties and the overall pro-bation practice. This study shall sunset at 30 months after the effective date of this act. These are concerns we should all have if we want to ensure that this bill works and reaches its intended purpose effectively. In allowing the study, we will ascertain infor-mation that we otherwise, do not have but would have learned had we proceeded with a hearing on this bill. This amendment will focus on the bill’s im-pact in application. The study will first review instances of any abuse of power in the exercise of such arrest authority. Second, it will document any complaints made and/or filed regarding the exercise of probation officer arrest authority of third par-ties. Third, it will study any harm resulting from the exercise of such arrest authority, including any civil action alleging the violation of a civil right in the exercise of this expanded author-ity. I am confident that my colleagues would agree that public safety is paramount and that we should do everything we can to ensure that we are implementing sound policies that will foster trust and thereby, public safety. The Rules Committee saw it fitting to rule my amendment in order, and now I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.006 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4369 May 19, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), my friend. Her amendment would sunset the very modest, yet necessary and appro-priate, authority that we are seeking to grant Federal probation officers today. No valid reason has been given for the need to sunset this provision. In fact, ample evidence is available show-ing why probation officers need this authority to perform their duties safe-ly and effectively. Just last year, over one-third of the safety-related incidents reported by Federal probation and pretrial staff in-volved third parties encountered by of-ficers while performing their official duties. For example, during an unannounced home visit to an apartment by officers, as they approached the apartment, two unidentified subjects entered the hall from another unit. Officers knocked on the resident’s door and there was no answer. One third party stated: ‘‘Hey, five-oh, who are you looking for?’’ And they began approaching the officers in a menacing manner. One of the third parties pulled out a cell phone and started videoing, yelling obscenities, and making other state-ments to the officers. Another indi-vidual, in response to the commotion, entered the hallway possessing a knife and drew it as he moved toward the of-ficers. These types of threats, Mr. Speaker, are very real and very dangerous to the brave men and women who serve the criminal justice system as Federal pro-bation officers. The types of threats that exist today will continue to exist in 2
1⁄2years when the gentlewoman’s amendment would sunset the proposed arrest authority. I want to make one thing very clear, Mr. Speaker. The bill before us today does not create a new Federal crime. It is already a Federal crime to assault, resist, oppose, impede, intimidate, or interfere with a Federal probation offi-cer for which an individual can be placed under arrest. The only thing the bill today does is say that probation of-ficers can make that arrest. And why shouldn’t they be able to make that arrest? Probation officers have a unique role in our criminal justice system, bal-ancing the skills of a law enforcement officer with the skills of a social work-er. In addition to the 6 weeks of initial training, Federal probation officers are required to complete at least 40 hours of continuing education and training annually. I don’t think it is a radical idea to suggest that Federal law enforcement officers should be able to arrest some-one who commits a Federal crime by interfering with the duties being per-formed by that officer. Let them do their part in keeping the public safe. Let them do their jobs safe-ly. Let them do their jobs effectively. Mr. Speaker, I oppose the amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I believe this amendment is a very im-portant amendment, and I believe that it provides the kind of guidance that is necessary because it is a clear ascertaining of the impact. Remember, we are talking about pos-sible constitutional ramifications. Un-reasonable search and seizure. We are talking about not having assaults against police officers. There is a law that will already provide for that pro-tection, as well as the fact that proba-tion officers who are not police officers can, in fact, have the ability of law en-forcement backup or support. In addition, we realize that there is a greater burden on law enforcement of-ficers in an arrest situation. That bur-den is not on the probation officer be-cause they are not a law enforcement officer. It is important for this study to be enacted so that we have the facts. Do we not, as legislators, want to have the facts regarding the Constitution and the impact it may have? So I would ask my colleagues to sup-port the Jackson Lee amendment. It is, in fact, not an amendment that ne-gates, if this bill passes, the acts of the probation officer. But what it does do is study whether there is an enhanced impact and whether grandmother, mother, a little child, an aunt, or an uncle, in the sanctity of their home, are unreasonably detained or arrested. We as Americans should at least be concerned about the rights of our fel-low citizens and be able to respect them in their home. A probation officer has the right to call in a law enforce-ment officer if the actions of the home, or wherever that individual happens to be, gets in a way that interferes with his or her ability to arrest his proba-tioner. Let me remind everyone that the re-lationship between a probation officer and a probationer is a constructive one, one of rehabilitation. And, sadly, if on one incident, or 39 incidents, or 3 percent of the incidents, if something occurs, that probation officer has the right to be able to call a law enforce-ment officer to assist. This study is a constructive, forth-right study to help us better protect the rights of citizens and of the Con-stitution of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  letters from the Federal Defenders of New York, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, and the ACLU opposing the underlying bill. FEDERAL DEFENDERS OF  N
EWYORK, INC., New York, NY, March 30, 2017. Re Probation Officer Protection Act of 2017 (H.R. 1039) Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chair, House Judiciary Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OHNCONYERS , JR., Ranking Member, House Judiciary Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chair, House Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, Washington, DC. Hon. S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, Ranking Member, House Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. GOODLATTE , MR. CONYERS , MR. G
OWDY AND MS. JACKSON LEE: We write on behalf of the Federal Public and Community Defenders in response to inquiries for our views on H.R. 1039, which would amend 18 U.S.C. §3606 to give probation officers the au-thority to arrest, without a warrant, persons not subject to court supervision if there is probable cause to believe that the person has impeded or interfered with a probation offi-cer in violation of 18 U.S.C. §111. The bill was introduced last Congress, and we understand that there has been discussion of it being in-troduced again. We oppose the bill because it would violate the Separation of Powers, would invite Fourth Amendment violations, is unneces-sary for purposes of supervision or safety, and would instead escalate the risk of harm to all concerned and undermine effective su-pervision. The arrest or detention (to any de-gree) of persons not subject to court super-vision should be left to law enforcement offi-cers. 
SUMMARY  The bill would violate the Separation of Powers. Probation officers serve as adminis-trative units employed by Article III courts. Congress may not assign to them the execu-tive function of enforcing a criminal statute against private citizens not subject to court supervision. The bill would also undermine the integrity of the Judicial Branch by put-ting courts in the position of ruling on the constitutionality of arrests by their own agents, who are also interested arresting of-ficers and alleged victims of an offense. The bill would create serious Fourth Amendment problems. Assuming probation officers would use the bill’s arrest authority only to formally arrest persons believed to have violated §111, the bill would result in Fourth Amendment violations. Because §111 is notoriously unclear, probation officers would inevitably arrest persons who are merely ‘‘uncooperative’’ but have not actu-ally violated the statute. To allay concerns about giving probation officers the equiva-lent of police power over private citizens, the Judicial Conference assures Congress that probation officers would rarely make formal arrests but would instead exercise a ‘‘lesser included’’ power to control or temporarily restrain third parties short of formal arrest. But the Fourth Amendment would not per-mit probation officers to exercise such ‘‘less-er included’’ power. In holding that the Fourth Amendment allows police officers to temporarily restrain third parties during a search, the Supreme Court deemed it ‘‘of prime importance’’ that the officer had a warrant based on probable cause to search the premises. The bill would not change the fact that probation officers conduct searches without a warrant based on probable cause. Thus, any restraint of a third party by a pro-bation officer absent probable cause to arrest would violate the Fourth Amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.015 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4370 May 19, 2017 
The bill is unnecessary. Probation officers have authority under current law to search the homes of people they supervise (without a warrant or probable cause) and to arrest them for violating conditions of supervision (with probable cause). Pursuant to Judiciary Policy, probation officers have long relied on trained law enforcement officers to provide support during searches, including by man-aging third parties not under probation offi-cers’ supervision. No evidence has been pre-sented, and we have found none, of any in-stance in which law enforcement officers have not assisted when asked, or in which anyone has been hurt by a third party during a search. Allowing probation officers to re-strain and arrest third parties would likely increase, not diminish, any risk of harm. The bill would undermine effective super-vision. The bill represents a retreat from the current constructive role of probation offi-cers in reintegrating offenders into society. If probation officers assumed the role of po-lice, directing and restraining, or arresting, family and friends, progress in individual cases and the system as a whole would be un-dermined. 
BACKGROUND  Under current law, probation officers have limited special authority to conduct searches and seizures of persons on probation or supervised release for the sole purpose of assisting the district courts in supervising those persons. They are permitted, with or without a warrant, to conduct a search of a supervisee’s home based only on ‘‘reasonable suspicion’’ that there is evidence on the premises that the supervisee has violated a condition of his or her supervision, and to ar-rest a supervisee whom they have ‘‘probable cause to believe has violated a condition’’ of his or her supervision. Judiciary Policy directs probation officers, in planning a search, to ‘‘strongly consider requesting assistance from law enforcement officers for protection, instruction, and tak-ing possession of contraband during a search,’’ and to terminate any search ‘‘if it is unsafe for the [probation] officer to con-tinue.’’ Probation officers are further directed that they ‘‘may not restrain third parties during a search.’’ This is so because there is no au-thority for probation officers to detain third parties. The Supreme Court’s decisions hold-ing that the Fourth Amendment allows po-lice officers to detain third parties during a search do not apply to probation officers, who both lack general law enforcement au-thority, and conduct searches in the absence of a finding by a neutral magistrate of prob-able cause to search the premises. Instead, probation officers rely on law enforcement officers to manage third parties if needed, thereby avoiding Fourth Amendment viola-tions and reducing any risk of harm. 
A. THE BILL WOULD VIOLATE THE SEPARATION  
OF POWERS  H.R. 1039 would authorize probation offi-cers to arrest, without a warrant, a person not subject to supervision if there is prob-able cause to believe the person has inter-fered with or impeded a probation officer ‘‘while in the performance of his or her offi-cial duties’’ in violation of 18 U.S.C. §111. By its terms, the statute would authorize proba-tion officers to make such arrests at any time or place—during a search of a supervisee’s home, on the street or at a place of business, or during a meeting at the pro-bation officer’s office. By authorizing probation officers to en-force §111 against private citizens not sub-ject to court supervision, H.R. 1039 would violate the Separation of Powers. Probation officers are employed by the Judicial Branch to serve as administrative units of the dis-trict court, appointed by the court and re-movable by the court. A probation officer performs no Article III function, but serves a statutory duty to assist the court in super-vising offenders. Detecting crimes and enforcing criminal laws, in contrast, are ‘‘quintessential law en-forcement functions vested in the Executive Branch.’’ Just as Congress may not confer executive duties ‘‘of a nonjudicial nature’’ on Article III judges, Congress may not enlist an administrative arm of the Judicial Branch to perform an executive function. This is not only a formalistic concern. A probation officer who has arrested a private citizen for impeding the probation officer in his duties would naturally have a direct, per-sonal interest in both the legality of the ar-rest and the outcome of any resulting crimi-nal case. The court, in turn, is the probation officer’s employer. When ruling on a chal-lenge to the constitutionality of an arrest by a probation officer, the court would thus re-view the actions of its own agent, who is also the interested arresting officer and alleged victim of an offense. By putting the court in the triple position of judge, vicarious victim, and arresting agent of ordinary citizens, H.R. 1039 would undermine the integrity of the Judicial Branch. B. THE BILL WOULD CREATE SERIOUS FOURTH  
AMENDMENT PROBLEMS  Subject to ‘‘only a few specifically estab-lished and well delineated exceptions,’’ the Fourth Amendment prohibits police officers from detaining persons (to any degree) ab-sent probable cause or ‘‘prior approval by judge or magistrate.’’ Even assuming proba-tion officers used the bill’s arrest authority for no other purpose but to make formal ar-rests based on probable cause that a person has violated §111, the bill would result in un-constitutional detentions. Section 111 prohibits ‘‘forcibly’’ assaulting, resisting, opposing, impeding, intimidating, or interfering with an officer ‘‘while engaged in’’ the performance of official duties. While one would think that ‘‘forcible’’ conduct is easy to recognize in this context, the term is notoriously ambiguous, involving a ‘‘trouble-some question of degree.’’ No physical con-tact is required even for assault, and ‘‘forc-ibly’’ has been held to cover such conduct as a ‘‘fighting stance’’ with an ‘‘uncooperative attitude,’’ but not to cover running away and struggling when tackled by police. The stat-ute is ‘‘not a model of clarity,’’ ‘‘inartfully drafted,’’ and leaving ‘‘major ambiguities,’’ often requiring many pages of legal analysis to decipher. If even the courts find the statute unclear, a probation officer surely cannot be expected to make an accurate on-the-scene assess-ment of probable cause that a person has vio-lated it. Some probation officers would in-evitably use their new authority to arrest persons who are merely ‘‘uncooperative’’— such as by refusing to identify themselves, declining to open a door, or attempting to leave the scene of a search—but who have not violated §111. The bill would thus invite Fourth Amendment violations. To allay potential concerns about giving probation officers the equivalent of police power over private citizens, the Judicial Conference assures Congress that probation officers would rarely make formal arrests for violations of §111. Instead, they would use a purported ‘‘lesser included’’ authority, dur-ing ‘‘searches and other work-related con-tacts (e.g., home visits),’’ to ‘‘verbally or if necessary by temporarily restraining’’ (i.e., with handcuffs) ‘‘uncooperative or hostile’’ third parties short of arrest. Probation offi-cers would not need probable cause to believe that a third party had violated §111 in order to exercise this ‘‘lesser-included’’ authority; instead, they would direct, control and tem-porarily detain third parties whom they merely suspect have violated or will violate §111, or believe to present a ‘‘potential safety risk.’’ But the Fourth Amendment does not per-mit probation officers to exercise this ‘‘less-er included’’ power. Under an exception to the Fourth Amendment’s probable cause re-quirement, police officers, when executing a search warrant, are permitted to tempo-rarily restrain third parties absent probable cause for arrest, including by using hand-cuffs. In holding such detentions to be ‘‘rea-sonable,’’ the Supreme Court emphasized the fact—‘‘of prime importance’’—that the search was authorized by a neutral mag-istrate’s finding of probable cause to search the premises. Probation officers, however, conduct searches without a warrant based on a find-ing of probable cause by a neutral mag-istrate, and they conduct home visits with no suspicion at all. For these reasons, the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts in 2007 reaffirmed its policy that probation offi-cers ‘‘may not restrain’’ ‘‘restrict[] the movement of third parties’’ present during a search. Under established Fourth Amend-ment law, third parties are ‘‘under no obliga-tion to cooperate and must be free to leave.’’ The AO’s General Counsel correctly noted that ‘‘increas[ing] [probation] officers’ statu-tory arrest authority under §3606’’ would not solve the Fourth Amendment problem be-cause probation officers would still conduct searches without a warrant based on prob-able cause. Likewise, H.R. 1039 would not change the fact that probation officers conduct searches without a warrant based on a finding of prob-able cause, the factor ‘‘of prime importance’’ to the constitutionality of police officers re-straining third parties during a search. As a result, any restraint or control of third par-ties by probation officers absent grounds for arrest would be an unconstitutional deten-tion. The bill does not obviate this funda-mental Fourth Amendment problem. 
C. THE BILL IS UNNECESSARY  U.S. Probation and Pretrial Services re-ported that in both 2014 and 2015, probation officers encountered third patties described as ‘‘uncooperative’’ (defined to include re-fusal to identify themselves, to come out of a closed room, or to remain in a designated area) in only 3 percent of reported searches. Only two incidents of any significance were reported. In one, the supervisee’s mother drove her car toward two officers ‘‘in an ap-parent attempt to hit them,’’ but law en-forcement officers were present and able to take any action needed. In the other, a third party ‘‘refused to come out’’ of a closed room, but law enforcement officers were present, forced the door open, and found the person swallowing marijuana cigarettes. Nonetheless, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association (‘‘FLEOA’’) claims that there is, a new ‘‘heightened danger in field and office contacts’’ and that giving proba-tion officers third-party arrest authority is the ‘‘only [] solution.’’ It claims that proba-tion officers’ ability to enlist law enforce-ment officers ‘‘provides little, if any, help’’ because sometimes only one police officer is available. It gives three anecdotal examples, but they do not support the FLEOA’s argu-ment, and in fact demonstrate that the bill is not the ‘‘only solution,’’ much less a safe solution. In the Northern District of Alabama, pro-bation officers came to see their supervisee, but he was not at home. They were leaving the premises when they encountered his fa-ther, who was intoxicated, made threats, and threw an empty liquor bottle at their car. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.008 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4371 May 19, 2017 
The probation officers drew their weapons, called 911, got behind their vehicle, then drove away. The FLEOA states that with ar-rest authority, the probation officers ‘‘would have taken the third party into custody for assaulting them and for damaging govern-ment property.’’ But the FLEOA does not ex-plain why this would have been necessary for the purpose of supervising the son, who was not there, or to ensure anyone’s safety. The police were fully capable of subduing or ar-resting the father, and most likely did, though that detail is omitted. Had the proba-tion officers confronted the father, with guns drawn, they, the father, or innocent bystand-ers, including the offender’s cooperative mother, may well have been hurt. In the District of Utah, probation officers knocked on the door of their supervisee’s residence and were told by his girlfriend that he was not at home and that no one else was there. The probation officers ‘‘ultimately en-countered two third party felons hiding in separate locations,’’ one of whom was sus-pected of homicide. The officers ‘‘issued their verbal commands,’’ and the man be-came confrontational and challenged the of-ficers to ‘‘shoot him.’’ The officers retreated, and ‘‘local police ultimately subdued the third party and took him into custody.’’ Again, the FLEOA does not explain how ar-rest authority would have increased the pro-bation officers’ or public safety any better than the police in fact accomplished. In the Southern District of New York, pro-bation officers looking to confirm that their supervisee did not live at his reported resi-dence were ‘‘confronted’’ outside the resi-dence, where the supervisee apparently did not live, with ‘‘a belligerent, unknown, third party.’’ A physical altercation ensued, when ‘‘another third party charged forward swing-ing a pipe wrench.’’ The officers used pepper spray and left. The FLEOA asserts that the probation officers ‘‘did not have the option to control the third parties,’’ but instead were ‘‘forced to retreat.’’ But the FLEOA does not explain how controlling the third parties, which would likely have escalated a potentially dangerous confrontation, was safer than retreat, much less the ‘‘only solu-tion.’’ The probation officers’ mission was not urgent, and they were free to return with police support. The Judicial Conference provides no empir-ical evidence or even anecdotal examples il-lustrating the purported need for H.R. 1039. It says that, ‘‘in the absence of other law en-forcement officers acting in a supporting role,’’ a supervisee can work with a ‘‘hostile or uncooperative’’ third party ‘‘to conceal violations of the terms of supervision, or even new criminal activity.’’ But the solu-tion is the very one suggested and that has been directed by Judiciary Policy and fol-lowed by probation officers all along: obtain support from law enforcement officers. There is not a single instance cited in the U.S. Probation Search-and-Seizure reports, in the FLEOA’s proposal or recent letter, or in the Judicial Conference’s proposal or re-cent letter, in which probation officers re-quested law enforcement assistance in ad-vance, or called for assistance from the scene, and law enforcement declined to as-sist or failed to show up. One of the dangers of the bill is that probation officers would not request law enforcement support, think-ing they can handle any problems with their arrest authority. But potential problems are best averted by law enforcement officers, who not only have arrest authority, but ‘‘provide perimeter security, manage third parties, provide special services such as K9 support, and conduct initial security sweeps.’’ D. THE BILL WOULD UNDERMINE EFFECTIVE  
SUPERVISION  H.R. 1039 represents an unfortunate retreat from the current role of probation officers, which has evolved from an oppositional focus on enforcement and punishment to a con-structive collaboration aimed at addressing clients’ criminogenic needs, reducing their risk of recidivism, and reintegrating them into society. These ‘‘concerted efforts to bring to life state-of-the-art evidence-based supervision practices into the federal sys-tem’’ coincide with ‘‘[m]easurable decreases in federal recidivism.’’ As the Judicial Con-ference has recognized, supporting the of-fender ‘‘in efforts to turn away from crimi-nal conduct . . . will necessarily . . . pro-mote public safety.’’ And it has cautioned that searches ‘‘may undermine the rapport that an officer has developed with an of-fender and may hinder the progress that an offender has made.’’ We fear that the progress that has been made in individual cases and in the system as a whole would be undermined if probation officers assumed the role of police, directing, restraining and ar-resting family and friends, and potentially escalating the risk of confrontation and dan-ger to all concerned. Thank you for considering our views, and please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions. Very Truly Yours, D
AVID PATTON , Executive Director, Federal Defenders of New York, Co-Chair, Federal Defender Legislative Com-mittee. J
ONSANDS , Federal Defender, Dis-trict of Arizona, Co- Chair, Federal De-fender Legislative Committee. 
THELEADERSHIP CONFERENCE  
ONCIVIL AND HUMAN RIGHTS , Washington, DC, April 26, 2017. O
PPOSE H.R. 1039, T HEPROBATION OFFICER  P
ROTECTION ACT OF 2017 D
EAR HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE MEM-
BER: On behalf of The Leadership on Civil and Human Rights and the 16 undersigned or-ganizations, we urge you to oppose H.R. 1039, the Probation Officer Protection Act of 2017 (POPA), which would broadly authorize fed-eral probation officers to make warrantless arrests of parties not under their super-vision. Authorizing probation officers to ar-rest third parties is unnecessary and dan-gerous; would inhibit successful reentry; and would implicate serious constitutional con-cerns. Moreover, there are alternatives available that ensure the protection of pro-bation officers while avoiding the pitfalls of broadly expanding their arrest authority. 
POPA GIVES BROAD ARREST AUTHORITY  Under 18 U.S.C. §3606, a federal probation officer has the authority to arrest a proba-tioner or person on supervised release if the probation officer has probable cause to be-lieve that the probationer has violated a con-dition of his or her release. Currently, fed-eral probation officers are not permitted to arrest third parties. POPA would amend 18 U.S.C. §3606 to permit probation officers to arrest ‘‘a person without a warrant if there is probable cause to believe that the person has forcibly assaulted, resisted, opposed, im-peded, intimidated, or interfered with a pro-bation officer, or a fellow probation officer, in violation of section 111. In other words, probation officers would be authorized to ar-rest—without a warrant—any third party on the scene who the officer claims is ‘‘inter-fering’’ with their work. This broad defini-tion of behavior triggering third party arrest authority raises Fourth Amendment con-cerns. POPA IS UNNECESSARY  There is no evidence that expanding fed-eral probation officers’ warrantless arrest authority is necessary. Statistics from the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Associa-tion (FLEOA) show that only 2 percent of searches conducted by federal probation offi-cers in 2013 resulted in any confrontation with ‘‘uncooperative’’ third parties. Further-more, of the 909 searches conducted by fed-eral probation officers in 2013, only seven led to the arrest of a third party when probation officers sought the assistance of local law en-forcement. Similarly, in 2014, only 1.7 per-cent of the 1,566 searches conducted by pro-bation officers involved any ‘‘reportedly un-cooperative’’ third parties, and only five of these encounters resulted in a third party ar-rest by local law enforcement. 
POPA WOULD BE DANGEROUS  Members of Congress should be reluctant to extend law enforcement-like powers to anyone not trained as a law enforcement of-ficer—and probation officers are not police officers. Federal probation officers complete only six weeks of orientation training. In contrast, new law enforcement officers com-plete 16 to 21 weeks of classroom training and they often must complete three addi-tional weeks of on-the-ground field training. If probation officers try to confront, re-strain, and arrest uncooperative third par-ties, they are likely to heighten the physical danger they face in the field, not reduce it. The threat of arrest—and therefore physical seizure—could increase and escalate the physical confrontations between probation officers and third parties. De-escalation is the desirable outcome—not an extended vio-lent altercation in which probation officers attempt to arrest third parties. In North Carolina, a probationer died while his proba-tion officer attempted to arrest him. Inci-dents that result in violence or in arguably unlawful arrest may create expensive and time-consuming litigation for the U.S. Pro-bation and Pretrial Services System. Instead of engaging hostile third parties, probation officers should remove themselves from dan-gerous situations and call for the assistance of trained local law enforcement who are fully prepared to handle hostile situations. Probation officers already do this, and it works. 
POPA WOULD INHIBIT SUCCESSFUL REENTRY  Allowing probation officers to arrest third parties would also inhibit successful reentry for probationers. Part of the benefit of the probation system is that it allows proba-tioners to live in society with their families while they serve out their sentences and transition to full reentry into the commu-nity. But the prospect of arrest for the indi-viduals who agree to help with the proba-tioner’s reentry may deter them from serv-ing as hosts and may make it harder to achieve this transition successfully. Proba-tion officers must have reasonable suspicion to conduct a warrantless search of a proba-tioner’s home; absent reasonable suspicion, the probationer or a third party must con-sent to a search and may limit the consent to search only to public areas. But if, for ex-ample, a mother, who has opened her home to her son on probation, blocks a probation officer from searching her bedroom for var-ious reasons (e.g., because her grandchildren are in the bedroom), under POPA she could be arrested for ‘‘interfering’’ with the proba-tion officer. Such scenarios could deter peo-ple from agreeing to host probationers who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.009 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4372 May 19, 2017 
have nowhere else to live. This would under-mine the probation system. These scenarios also threaten an innocent third party’s abil-ity to exercise his or her Fourth Amendment rights. 
THERE ARE ALTERNATIVES TO POPA  Since 2006, more than 80 state and county criminal justice departments have adopted the Effective Practices in Community Super-vision (EPICS) model to improve relation-ships between probation and parole officers and their probationers or parolees. EPICS fo-cuses on behavioral change rather than threats of re-incarceration and officers play a more direct role in changing criminal be-havior. Reducing the hostility between the probationer and the probation officer will likely cause less hostility between the offi-cer and third parties as well. Probation officers can protect themselves by enlisting the help of trained law enforce-ment. Every jurisdiction gives probation of-ficers the option of calling law enforcement officers for support when conducting home visits, and law enforcement officers can ar-rest hostile third parties if necessary. In Connecticut, probation officers do not have the authority to make arrests but they may detain an individual for a reasonable time until a law enforcement officer arrives or transport the individual to the nearest loca-tion where a law enforcement officer can make an arrest. Calling more fully-trained law enforcement for backup is likely to pre-vent the situation from becoming more vola-tile, and it is therefore preferable to proba-tion officer arrests. Additionally, probation officers can be better trained on de-esca-lation techniques and strategies to improve the relationship between the probation offi-cer and the probationer. Probation officers’ role within our judicial system is to assist with a probationer’s tran-sition back into society and report to the court on a probationer’s progress. To expand probation officers’ authority to allow proba-tion officers to arrest—without a warrant— any person whom they claim is opposing or impeding their work in some way is unneces-sary, likely to be dangerous, and would in-hibit successful reentry. For the probation system to work, we need the cooperation of the third parties contemplated by this bill— family and friends—assisting probationers and individuals on supervised release as well as the probation officers visiting them. The threat of arrests of third parties in a proba-tioner’s environment will erode the goodwill necessary for that vital cooperation. For the foregoing reasons, we urge you to oppose the Probation Officer Protection Act of 2017. If you have any questions, please contact Sakira Cook, Senior Counsel, The Leadership Conference. Sincerely, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, The American Civil Liberties Union, AFL–CIO, African American Policy Forum, Council on American-Islamic Rela-tions (CAIR), Drug Policy Alliance, Equity Matters, Lambda Legal, MomsRising. NAACP, The NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers, National Associa-tion of Social Workers, National Center for Transgender Equality, The National Council of Churches, StoptheDrugWar.org, Trans United. AMERICAN CIVILLIBERTIES UNION, April 26, 2017. Re ACLU Opposes H.R. 1039, The Probation Officer Protection Act (POPA) of 2017. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OHNCONYERS , JR., Ranking Member, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOODLATTE AND RANKING  M
EMBER CONYERS : On behalf of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), we urge you to oppose H.R. 1039, the Probation Officer Pro-tection Act (POPA) of 2017, a bill that would amend 18 U.S.C. Sec. 3606 to give federal pro-bation officers authority to arrest third par-ties without a warrant. The ACLU represents almost 2 million members, activists, and supporters who are working to advance the ACLU’s mission of defending the principles of liberty and equality embodied in our Con-stitution and our civil rights laws. H.R. 1039 is a solution in search of a prob-lem since there is no statistical or evidence otherwise to support the need to expand fed-eral probation officers’ arrest authority. Federal probation officers are not at sub-stantial risk from third parties. Addition-ally, H.R. 1039 creates safety concerns for both probation officers and the community and has the potential of violating a third party’s Fourth Amendment rights. 
THE PROBATION OFFICER PROTECTION ACT IS A  
SOLUTION IN SEARCH OF A PROBLEM  There is no evidence suggesting that fed-eral probation officers need arrest authority beyond what is currently authorized by law. One of the bill’s primary proponents, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Associa-tion (FLEOA), offers no helpful statistics to support the position that federal probation officers need third party arrest authority. FLEOA’s statements are actually counter to their position. In a January 6, 2017, letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee, FLEOA itself admits that ‘‘formal arrests by proba-tion officers are rare.’’ There is no data-driv-en imperative for expanding federal proba-tion officer arrest authority. In fact, the Federal Probation & Pretrial Officers Association (FPPOA) February 13, 2017, letter states that in 2015, of the 987 searches that were conducted, only 30 in-volved uncooperative third parties. That is 3%. And furthermore, FPPOA does not indi-cate how many of those 30 incidents resulted in actual arrests. With federal probation offi-cers’ encounters involving so few uncoopera-tive third parties and apparently even fewer incidents that actually result in arrest, the federal probation officers’ own statistics lead to the conclusion that there is no need for probation officers to execute arrests of third parties. When probation officers face genuine physical danger, they should retreat and seek the assistance of trained law enforce-ment. 
THE PROBATION OFFICER PROTECTION ACT  
WOULD PUT PROBATION OFFICERS IN DANGER  Probation officers are not trained law en-forcement officers, so they should not be given increased police powers, the exercise of which could put them in harm’s way. If pro-bation officers are given authority to re-strain and arrest uncooperative third par-ties, they are likely to heighten the physical danger for themselves and third parties. Instead of engaging with resistant third parties, probation officers should rely upon the assistance of trained local law enforce-ment. This is the existing practice of proba-tion officers, and according to their own sta-tistics, this seems to work. Currently, fed-eral probation officers are required to call in the United States Marshals or other law en-forcement in order to arrest third parties. The reason is that probation officers lack the training necessary to safely execute an arrest, while the other law enforcement agents have the capacity to do so. Federal probation officers complete only six weeks of orientation training. New law enforcement officers complete 16 to 21 weeks of classroom training and they often must complete three additional weeks of field training. THE PROBATION OFFICER PROTECTION ACT IS  
OVERLY BROAD AND RAISES FOURTH AMEND -
MENT CONCERNS  Federal probation officers would be au-thorized in POPA to arrest ‘‘a person with-out a warrant if there is probable cause to believe that the person has forcibly as-saulted, resisted, opposed, impeded, intimi-dated, or interfered with a probation officer, or a fellow probation officer.’’ Currently, 18 U.S.C. §3606 authorizes probation officers to arrest probationers without a warrant based on probable cause that the probationer has violated the conditions of his or her proba-tion or release. However, probation officers do not have the training or on the job experi-ence to make probable cause determinations necessary to make arrests of third parties compared to local law enforcement officers and the U.S. Marshals. A real world implication of giving federal probation officers third party arrest author-ity could be that the mother of a son on pro-bation is arrested for denying a probation of-ficer access to her private space, like her bedroom. This bill would give a probation of-ficer authority to decide that the mother’s decision constituted ‘‘interference’’ and sub-sequently arrest her. Although probationers willingly surrender some of their Fourth Amendment rights as a condition of proba-tion, third parties housing a probationer do not when it comes to their private spaces. 
THE PROBATION OFFICER PROTECTION ACT  
HINDERS SUCCESSFUL REENTRY  Allowing probation officers to arrest third parties would also inhibit successful reentry for probationers. Part of the benefit of the probation system is that it allows proba-tioners to live in society with their families while they serve out their sentences and transition to full reentry into the commu-nity. But the prospect of arrest for individ-uals who assist people on probation reen-tering their communities may deter family members from providing a home to people on probation. This also runs counter to part of the mission of the U.S. Probation and Pre-trial Services, which is ‘‘to bring about long- term positive change in individuals under su-pervision.’’ For the reasons above, the ACLU opposes the Probation Officer Protection Act and we urge the Members to oppose this legislation when it is considered by the Committee. If you have any questions or comments, please feel free to contact Kanya Bennett, Legisla-tive Counsel. Sincerely, F
AIZSHAKIR , National Political Director. K
ANYA BENNETT , Legislative Counsel. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, there is no Fourth Amendment violation, the bill makes no reference whatsoever to the issue of searches, and there is no objection to the gentlewoman’s request for a study. But there continues to be, and needs to be, objection and opposi-tion to a sunset provision with respect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.010 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4373 May 19, 2017 
to the authority that probation officers need to perform their duties safely and effectively. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill and on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 11:15 a.m. today. Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 58 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1116 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsyl-vania) at 11 o’clock and 16 minutes a.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, proceedings will resume on questions previously post-poned. Votes will be taken in the following order: Adopting the amendment to H.R. 1039; Passing H.R. 1039, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
PROBATION OFFICER PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on adopting the amendment to the bill (H.R. 1039) to amend section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, to grant probation officers authority to arrest hostile third parties who obstruct or impede a probation officer in the per-formance of official duties, offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 178, nays 229, not voting 23, as follows: [Roll No. 267] YEAS—178 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—23 
Blackburn Ca´rdenas Chaffetz Clay Cole Costa Crawford Curbelo (FL) Duncan (SC) Gutie´rrez Johnson, Sam Katko Larson (CT) Lee Lofgren Napolitano Newhouse Noem Richmond Russell Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Wagner 
b1139 Messrs. COOK, WALDEN, SMITH of Texas, LABRADOR, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS, Messrs. ROKITA, M
CCAR-THY, BISHOP of Michigan, and WITT-MAN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. NOLAN, CLYBURN, HOYER, SANFORD, and Mrs. LOWEY changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.016 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4374 May 19, 2017 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 229, nays 177, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 268] YEAS—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Dunn Emmer Eshoo Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Latta Lawson (FL) Lipinski LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Scalise Schrader Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—177 
Adams Aguilar Amash Babin Banks (IN) Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comer Connolly Conyers Crowley Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Graves (GA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Hill Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamborn Larsen (WA) Lawrence Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Nadler Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Payne Pelosi Perry Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Rokita Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Soto Takano Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Wittman Yarmuth NOT VOTING—24 
Blackburn Ca´rdenas Chaffetz Clay Cole Costa Crawford Curbelo (FL) Demings Duncan (SC) Gutie´rrez Johnson, Sam Katko Larson (CT) Lee Lofgren Napolitano Newhouse Noem Richmond Russell Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Wagner 
b1147 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall Vote No. 268 on H.R. 1039, I mistakenly re-corded my vote as ‘‘yea’’ when I should have voted ‘‘No.’’ Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, my vote did not register when I used my voting card. I have reported the malfunctioning card to the Clerk’s office. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 268. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, circumstances have arisen, which caused me to return home to Oklahoma early; however, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 267 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 268. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, unfortu-nately, I was unable to be present for votes on May 19, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 267 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 268. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I missed votes on account of a family obligation in the district. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 267 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 268. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend the vote series on May 19, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 267 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 268. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, May 19th 2017, I was not present for rollcall votes 267 and 268. If I had been present for these votes, I would have voted: ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall vote 267 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 268. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  P
ELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
MAY18, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to Section 4 of the United States Semiquincentennial Commission Act of 2016 (Pub. L. 114–196), I am pleased to appoint the following Mem-bers to serve as Commissioners to the United States Semiquincentennial Commission: The Honorable Robert Brady of Pennsyl-vania The Honorable Joseph Crowley of New York And from private life: Richard Trumka of Rockville, Maryland Thank you for your attention to these rec-ommendations. Sincerely, N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  P
ELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
MAY18, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to Section 114(b) of the John C. Stennis Center for Pub-lic Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1103), I hereby reappoint the Honor-able Terri A. Sewell of Alabama to the Board of Trustees for the John C. Stennis Center 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.020 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4375 May 19, 2017 
for Public Service Training and Development for a term of six years. Sincerely, N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for the purpose of the ma-jority leader telling us in-depth the schedule for the weeks to come. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. On Friday, no votes are expected in the House. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business today. This list will include a series of bills to honor our Nation’s veterans. With Memorial Day around the cor-ner, it is important for this House to show our appreciation to those who have defended our freedoms, especially the men and women who made the ulti-mate sacrifice in defense of our Nation. Mr. Speaker, next week in the House is Combating Human Trafficking and Child Protection Week. In addition to a series of suspensions, the House will consider H.R. 1973, the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act, sponsored by Representa-tive S
USAN BROOKS . This bill would re-quire prompt reporting of suspected cases of abuse, as well as implementa-tion of procedures for addressing such allegations. We will also consider H.R. 1761, the Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act, sponsored by Representative M
IKE J
OHNSON . This bill would protect vic-tims of sexual abuse by ensuring that predators who send explicit content are subject to appropriate punishment. Mr. Speaker, human trafficking is an incredibly serious issue in our Nation. With the passage of these bipartisan bills, we will show our continued com-mitment to ending this modern-day form of slavery, while supporting and assisting all survivors. Now, lastly, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 953, the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act, sponsored by Representative B
OBGIBBS. My district is home to many hardworking farmers, so I know this issue quite well. This bill will reduce red tape that makes it more costly for farmers to protect their crops and our Nation’s food sup-ply. In addition, the CDC reports that there are still 119 cases of individuals with Zika in the United States and 495 cases in U.S. territories. With the sum-mer season approaching, this bill will ensure we can use pesticides to control mosquitos. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to take a moment to thank a true public serv-ant. Next week, Brian Cooper will re-tire from the House Parliamentarian’s Office after 35 years on Capitol Hill. Brian is a professional in every sense of the word. Much of his work is done behind the scenes, but it has not gone unnoticed. From timekeeping to proc-essing bills, to preparing for joint ses-sions, Brian has made sure this body works in an orderly and fair way. It is my understanding that even my prede-cessor, Bill Thomas, could not chal-lenge Brian’s timekeeping. On behalf of all those on this side of the aisle, we wish you well in your re-tirement, Brian, and from a very grate-ful nation for your service. I am sure you are ready to trade late nights on this floor for late nights watching the Orioles play baseball. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for those remarks. I want to join him in thanking our colleague, Brian Cooper. I am not sure, Brian, that I adopt the sentiments of the majority leader with respect to what Mr. Thomas could and could not do. Apparently he chose not to, and that is good. But, Brian Cooper, we want to thank you for three and a half decades of service to this House; three and a half decades of service to this House in a role that most people, including Mem-bers of this House, would not recognize, but that is critically important to the good management and flow of the peo-ple’s business through this House. As the majority leader referenced, he will continue to root for the Baltimore Orioles because he is from Baltimore. He is a Marylander, and we are very proud of him. I want to thank him for his service and wish him the very best in the days ahead. I now will go to the schedule. b1200 By law, under the Budget Control Act, a budget is supposed to be brought to this floor on April 15. The majority leader would quickly observe that nei-ther Democrats nor Republicans have always met that deadline. However, we are unusually late in the budget proc-ess, in my view, and despite months of promising to return to regular order, we have not yet done so as it relates to the budget, and the budget has not been marked up in committee, Mr. Speaker. Monday marked the statutory date by which the Appropriations Com-mittee no longer has to wait to bring bills to the floor of the House because the majority has failed to meet its ob-ligation to pass a budget on time. Now, again, I want to quickly note that both parties have failed to meet that deadline in times past, but I can-not remember us being as late in the session in getting to the appropriations process, because there really has been no direction from the administration as to what their budget priorities should be, would be, other than the so- called ‘‘skinny budget’’ that was sent down, which, in my view, almost every Member of Congress thought was a to-tally unrealistic, unadoptable, and un-worthy budget priority document; and if it were to be adopted, the security of the United States, both abroad and at home, would be put at substantial risk. So, Mr. Majority Leader, can you provide some indication? I know it is not on the floor next week. And I want to say that I join with the majority leader. The issue of human trafficking is one of the critical issues that confronts us, as a country, and the global community. It puts millions of young women and young men at risk— and not so young men and women at risk—on a daily basis. It is appropriate that we deal with this issue. Hopefully, we will deal with it, as the majority leader said, in a bipartisan fashion and that we will produce more effective ways to stop and to hold accountable those who put human beings at risk by human slavery. But can the gentleman tell me when the Budget Committee will mark up a budget and when we will have such a budget considered on the floor? I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. As my friend knows, we do expect to receive the formal budget request from the President next week, which, as my friend also knows, is common for the first year of a new administration. Now, as the gentleman said, maybe this is later, but this is the latest in the history of America that any Presi-dent has had to wait for a Cabinet, which is always helpful. He still has many more positions to be filled and confirmed, and as that progresses, I think actions will be able to move for-ward even faster. But, as is tradition, the Budget Com-mittee has announced its intention to host OMB Director Mick Mulvaney, as the gentleman knows, a former col-league here, to answer questions Mem-bers may have about the President’s budget request following its release. This will kick off the regular order process of the committee work on crafting an FY 2018 budget resolution. Likewise, with appropriations, the committee is looking forward to mark-ing up bills through regular order. Now, as soon as action is scheduled for the floor, the gentleman will know that I will notify all Members. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. With respect to the appropriations process, as the gentleman knows, there are 12 discrete appropriation bills deal-ing with national security and domes-tic spending. Can the gentleman tell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.022 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4376 May 19, 2017 
me whether or not we still intend to consider, on a timely basis, discretely, that is, one at a time, the 12 appropria-tion bills? I don’t think any of them have been marked up as of this point in time. Ob-viously, not having a budget would pre-clude that from happening. I under-stand that. But, as the gentleman knows and I know from experience of serving on the appropriations process, frankly, it was at the beginning of this month, historically, that we would start to mark up appropriation bills, with the intent to use much of June and July for the purposes of passing ap-propriations bills so that we might send them to the Senate for consider-ation and have some chance of getting them done prior to the expiration of the fiscal year on September 30. Does the gentleman anticipate that we will be considering separately the 12 appropriation bills between now and the August break? I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. The gentleman will be happy to know that Appropriations has already held 47 hearings dealing with FY 2018, so, as we receive the President’s budget and are able to ask questions of the OMB Di-rector, we will continue to move for-ward. But it is our intention always to go through regular order and, in all cases, if possible, individually, down onto the floor. Mr. HOYER. Well, I hope that we do, in fact, get that done. Now, Mr. Leader, I was shocked yes-terday to learn that the process that, from my perspective and our side’s per-spective, was extraordinarily acceler-ated, undermining the opportunity for careful and thorough consideration, the bill that is known as the American Health Care Act, or otherwise known as the bill to attempt to repeal the Af-fordable Care Act. That bill, as the gentleman knows, was introduced on March 6. It had not a single hearing and was marked up less than 2 full days later in the Ways and Means Com-mittee, on March 8. It was marked up on March 8 and 9 in the Energy and Commerce Committee, in the Budget Committee on March 16, in the Rules Committee on March 22, and brought to the floor with a CBO score on March 23. In other words, in my view, Mr. Speaker, it moved so quickly that no one could have given it thoughtful con-sideration. In fact, Mr. Speaker, on March 24, that bill was brought to the floor, was subjected to some debate, and then was pulled. The judgment was made that, apparently, it was not ready for prime time. That bill was then brought back to the floor some 2-plus weeks, about 2 weeks later, on Thursday, May 4 of this year. It was passed on a Thursday, not-withstanding the fact it had not been noted for consideration on Thursday at the beginning of the week or in the week prior. It passed on a vote of 217– 213, with a significant number of Re-publicans voting against it and a sig-nificant number of Republicans who voted for it saying ‘‘no, I haven’t read the bill’’ in response to inquiries from the press. That afternoon, Mr. Speaker, there were buses out in front of the Capitol to take my Republican colleagues down to the White House to cheer its pas-sage, an accomplishment of what our Republican colleagues had pledged for 6 years. Mr. Speaker, you can imagine my shock, chagrin, and surprise when I learned yesterday that bill has not gone to the Senate. Apparently, it has gone from one chair to maybe the other chair in the desks before me. It has been held, Mr. Speaker. It has been held because there was no CBO score to ensure that, in fact, it complied with the rules. A lot of talk about regular order, Mr. Speaker. So the bill that was cheered at the White House and the President saying ‘‘I’m so glad this passed,’’ apparently, may not have passed this House in a form that is consistent with the rules. And so, my colleagues, I want you to know that you may think you have passed the bill, but it is still here 2 weeks later. I am not sure, Mr. Speaker, why we couldn’t have waited for a CBO score, other than the political imperative of going home and having Members be able to say, ‘‘We passed the bill.’’ Well, it is still here, folks. It is still within the bosom of the House, warmly embraced, aging, unfortunately, not to perfection. And so, Mr. Speaker, I would ask the majority leader: When might we pass this bill? Is the bill going to have an-other hearing? Are we going to wait for the CBO score? And will another vote be necessary to, again, confirm the 217– 213 votes? I will not ask you whether or not you think you still have 217 votes, but let me ask you: When might this bill be considered again on this floor? And when might this bill go to the United States Senate, as everybody thought it had on the 4th of May? I yield to my friend, the majority leader, Mr. Speaker. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank him for his long question. Mr. HOYER. But he got the point, I am sure. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Let me first answer the number of points you have made because I want history to be written correctly. First of all, you were shocked. I don’t know why you were shocked. I thought you were going to say you were shocked that that exact same week, when you read the paper, 94 counties out of 99 in Iowa would have no healthcare if ObamaCare continued to go forward. I thought that would have shocked you. Then, when you wanted to put dates down and talk about hearings, we had more than 113 hearings. That is more than the number of hearings you had for ObamaCare. Our bill is less than 150 pages. That is thousands of pages less than ObamaCare. You talk of CBO. You know that CBO scored this bill, but those eight pages of amendments you were shocked by. You shouldn’t be shocked to know the rules of the House, that you do not move a bill until the CBO score of those eight pages is done. That will be done next week, and we will move it right along. But let’s go on further because I do want history to be written correctly. We marked up this bill in three sepa-rate committees, with over 18 hours of debate in Ways and Means and over 27 hours of debate in Energy and Com-merce. We debated countless amend-ments in committees, from both Re-publicans and Democrats, even the ones where the Democrats asked that they change the name to have some hashtag. We spent hours on that, but we did that because we believed that was important to you. Now, our bill eliminates the many taxes and mandates of ObamaCare. It gives patients enhanced tools to take control of their own healthcare deci-sions, and it expands choice for Ameri-cans. So, yes, I am shocked every day I read the paper that more Americans are going to lose their healthcare if ObamaCare stays where it is or that people will even pay more, because I remember the promise the President made that our premiums would go down or we could keep our own doctor, which so many thousands of Americans found out to be a lie. So, Mr. Speaker, I understand poli-tics. I understand the phrases and the adjectives people can use, but there is no reason to be shocked that we kept our word of what we would do for the last 6 years. There is no reason to be shocked that the American public put a majority in the House and the Senate and the Presidency which, I would argue for the main purpose, that they want greater choice in their healthcare system. So, yes, if I go to Iowa, I go to Ten-nessee, those 16 counties there that will no longer have healthcare—or what about Aetna? You didn’t even mention them pulling out of Virginia. You weren’t shocked by that either. But you know what? Eight pages of amendments that stayed out there for everybody to read—not more than 2,000—yes, we will wait until the CBO finishes scoring the amendments and send it to the Senate. Yes, we know what is in those amendments, just as everybody else had the opportunity to read them, just as we went through the Rules Committee. b1215 So there are lots of things to be shocked by, but don’t ever be shocked by: We go by the rules of the House. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.025 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4377 May 19, 2017 
think you should be shocked by the number of faces, the number of fami-lies that will not have healthcare if we did not act. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, we have had a similar conversation before, and the majority leader would love to rely on the hearings that were held before this bill that we passed was introduced. The 113 hearings were on the repeal. This bill, as surely the majority leader knows and Members who voted on it know, was not repealed. It does not re-peal. Now, it is said that the gentleman is correct that the insurance industry has been very badly roiled, and confidence in the marketplace has been very badly undermined by this administration since its first day in office, and badly undermined by the Republicans’ con-tinued attempts to repeal, and passage of repeal legislation that didn’t become law, and so insurers have, in fact, lost confidence that the marketplace will be stable, an absolutely critical compo-nent of pricing their product correctly. The administration continues, as does the House itself and the Repub-lican leadership in the Senate, to un-dermine the confidence that there will be a market. So, yes, Mr. Speaker, the majority leader is correct. The insur-ance market is not as stable. But al-most everybody who speaks to that— and there is a Los Angeles Times story today, relatively lengthy on that—in terms of what steps the administration has taken from the very beginning, starting with the IRS, don’t worry about the mandate. Don’t worry about the fact you have insurance. It is like the automobile people say-ing, don’t worry about having auto-mobile insurance; there is going to be no penalty. Well, if that was the case, I bet you a lot of people would not have automobile insurance, and if they hit you, you would be exposed to the ex-pense yourself. Now, Mr. Speaker, the majority lead-er says he wants to follow the rules. They want to follow regular order, and, of course, they will do that. My, my, my. Mr. Speaker, on May 4 of this month, why did we not have such a CBO score? He says we didn’t send it because the rule will not allow us unless we have a CBO score. Frankly, I think there are some addi-tional reasons because they are not sure that they are complying with the Byrd rule in the United States Senate, and they have got to see. So they may have to pass this again, to which the majority leader did not address him-self. But there was no reason not to wait other than politics, other than to have those buses go down to the Capitol and cheer one another. They had no idea what CBO is going to come up with next week. So they did not wait, con-sistent with the rules. We should have had a score when we passed the bill. But that was not convenient for the politics of repeal. Now, the majority leader, Mr. Speak-er, has not told me when we are going to consider that bill again or if we are going to need to consider that bill again. And perhaps the honest answer is the majority leader does not have that knowledge as to whether he is going to have to bring that bill to the floor again because he is going to need the CBO score to make that determina-tion. I understand that. And we should have waited, Mr. Speaker, not rushed to judgment. He talks about hearings. There were no hearings on this bill. One reason there were no hearings on these bills is because my Republican colleagues have been having town meetings, and they are hearing about the public’s thoughts about their bill. And some of them are not having town meetings because they don’t want to hear any more than they wanted to have hearings here in the House to hear what the public thought. So, Mr. Speaker, I am hoping that the majority leader will be able to, per-haps at some point in time in the rel-atively near future, give us a clear pic-ture as to when we may either consider this bill again or when we are going to send it to the United States Senate; flawed, though, it may be. Mr. Speaker, I will be glad to yield to my friend, the majority leader, if he would like to say something further. If not, I will yield back. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I am actually shocked. I don’t want to put words in your mouth, but did you actually make the argument that those 94 counties out of 99 in Iowa pulled out just because we were bring-ing a bill up? Did you actually believe the 18 out of 23 CO-OPs that were given more than $2 billion pulled out because somehow they knew we would probably capture the White House, too, and keep the Senate and the House? So that is why it failed? Or maybe those 16 counties in Ten-nessee that were told almost a year ago that they wouldn’t have healthcare the next year; somehow people could look into the future, and just because a Re-publican took office, that is who we are going to blame? I know President Bush is no longer here, but do we have to continue to put blame on others instead of having the facts? So let’s talk about a few things. Now, let’s be clear of what you asked me ear-lier because, I apologize, I got off—you had a lot of adjectives out there. I wanted to make sure that I had an-swered them all. But I am very con-fident that this bill will hit the mark for reconciliation and it will move across the aisle over to the other Chambers. Now, you talk about the House, and you are going to blame us for every-thing. Let’s go to facts. They are not my facts. There is a recent report from Quorum, which is a data analysis com-pany in D.C. These are bright, young people; a lot of them are Stanford grads. Here are the facts, because they just went and analyzed the first 100 days: In the first 100 days, President Trump signed 30 pieces of legislation into law. Now, that is more than Presi-dent Obama, Bush, Clinton, or H.W. Bush signed in their first 100 days. Only once before in history has a Congressional Review Act been signed into law, only one. Now we have 14 overturned regulations through the Congressional Review Act, saving Americans $3.7 billion in regulatory cost, and 4.2 million hours in filling out paperwork. Now, my favorite quote of this re-port, this House, the one we stand in today, passed 103 bills out of this Chamber, edging out former Speaker PELOSI ’s House as the most productive during the first 100 days of a Presi-dency since H.W. Bush. Now, just this week we passed the Modernizing Government Technology Act, and I do thank my friend for his hard work on this. It is going to up-grade government IT to better serve our constituents. So if we are shocked, maybe that shocked you. Maybe we ought to stop playing politics. Maybe we ought to stop blaming things that just aren’t even there. Maybe we ought to just take responsibility for where we currently are, understand that this is the greatest Nation on the face of the Earth, and it was ‘‘. . . conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the propo-sition that all men are created equal.’’ No, we are not going to blame others for our problems. And if you want to go along that line, I can go into all of the things that were promised in the more than 2,000 pages of ObamaCare. But you know what? Today I live currently, and what I currently see is that 18 of the 23 CO- OPs have collapsed. And the current law says we are going to penalize the people who actually paid the CO-OPs to get their healthcare, but they have no healthcare to get. I want to read the facts where more Americans took the penalty or the ex-emption than actually signed up for ObamaCare; that prior to a bill even passing on this floor—something we promised for 6 years—that a number of companies pulled out because it was not working. But the biggest shock I had all week is that somehow it is our fault. I could not look an American in the eye knowing the knowledge that we all have. I don’t care what party you are in; you don’t sit on a carpet that has red on one side and blue on the other. This is the American House. You know people are hurting. You know people have lost their doctors. You know they are pulling out of these counties. Don’t make up some political spin to make yourself feel better for some vote. We promised we would repeal ObamaCare and give people greater choice. That is what we did. You dis-agree with it, then disagree with it, but don’t lay blame where it is not true. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.027 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4378 May 19, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I lis-tened to his comments with interest. I want to touch on a number of com-ments he made, however. First of all, in a very partisan vote from 3 a.m. in the morning until 6 a.m. in the morning, my Republican col-leagues passed a bill in a partisan fash-ion—there were a few Democrats; not many—that passed part D prescription drugs for seniors. We voted against that. And then we took the majority. And what did we do, Mr. Speaker? We acted in a way to en-sure that the part D prescription drug package that the Republicans had passed in the previous Congress did, in fact, work; and it is a success today be-cause we did that. That is exactly the opposite of what our Republican colleagues did, Mr. Speaker, with respect to the Affordable Care Act. In fact, the Affordable Care Act, as my friend knows and polling now shows that over 55 percent of Americans believe that the Affordable Care Act ought to be kept; and 75 per-cent of them, three out of four Ameri-cans, believe we ought to fix the Af-fordable Care Act, not repeal it. That has not changed, however, the Republicans’ attempt and rhetoric to repeal. Now, there were a number of things that the Republicans did, con-trary to what we did with respect to the prescription drug bill for seniors, to undermine and create this situation of which the majority leader speaks where there are some insurance compa-nies that have pulled out, that are not doing as well as they should have and we wanted them to have. One thing, many Republican Gov-ernors refuse to join the Medicaid ex-pansion program, adversely affecting millions of Americans. Secondly, they did not find the risk corridors. We knew when we estab-lished this problem that there was going to be a very tough time in mak-ing valid judgments on what costs were going to be two years into this pro-gram. We did not fund it. The CO-OPs also did not receive the support that was contemplated by the statute. The cost-sharing subsidies the ad-ministration has put at risk. Now, we were assured just before the bill passed that: Oh, no, we are going to pay for the cost-sharing subsidies. But the Republicans, Mr. Speaker, filed suit, and the court said: Oh, no, you have to appropriate those moneys on the cost-sharing subsidies. The majority leader knows—cer-tainly everybody on the Energy and Commerce knows, and every Member ought to know—without those sub-sidies, the insurance companies will have mispriced their product, for deductibles and copays, in particular. b1230 That, Mr. Speaker, is what I speak of, in terms of the actions that have been taken over the last 6 years to un-dermine the confidence of the market-place. Everybody knows that con-fidence is an important factor in any marketplace. I am sure we are going to debate this again. Mr. Speaker, again, I would sim-ply ask: Is this bill coming back to the House? Will we expect another vote on it? The CBO report is due next week. I believe that if, in fact, we are going to schedule that, we ought to at least be given notice that that either is or may be a piece of legislation that will be on the floor next week, prior to our break for Memorial Day. I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. As I said earlier, this is a technical issue. I have all the confidence in the world the CBO score will come back, we will meet the rec-onciliation number, and we will move it to the Senate. If my colleague wants to schedule something, I will schedule with you. We can walk the bill over there to-gether. I believe the American people are waiting for it. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY, MAY 22, 2017 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday next and that the order of the House of January 3, 2017, regarding morning-hour debate not apply on that day. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
IGGS). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? There was no objection. 
f 
LIONFISH (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, in the warm waters off Texas, Louisiana, Mis-sissippi, Georgia, the Carolinas, and my beloved Florida, a reef assassin lurks. Lionfish are an invasive species, with no predators, huge appetites, and ex-ploding populations. Just one female lionfish will release 10 million eggs during her lifetime. Each lionfish can eat 65 juvenile reef fish in one meal. NOAA ecologists call the lionfish one of the greatest threats of the century to reefs. Reefs support tourism, recreational fishing, commercial fishing, and our way of life. Lionfish threaten a multi- billion-dollar reef economy. To date, all efforts to eradicate the lionfish have failed. Bounty programs are un-economical, and rodeos, while helpful, are unscalable. Today, I filed legislation to turn the tables on the lionfish. Our proposition is simple: Fishermen who slay 100 lionfish can earn one tag to fish red snapper, gag grouper, triggerfish, or amberjack whenever they want. Any-one who kills 100 lionfish has done their part to save hundreds, if not thousands, of coveted reef fish. The Reef Assassin Act costs no money and uses our natural resources to protect our natural resources. I en-courage my colleagues to support the Reef Assassin Act. f 
CONGRATULATING LEIGHTON DURHAM IV (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Leighton Dur-ham IV of Dallas, Texas, as he and his family celebrate his selection as an Eagle Scout. The Boy Scouts of America has a long tradition of preparing young men for leadership, and the Eagle Scout award recognizes the highest rank within that program. Only 4 percent of Boy Scouts are granted this recogni-tion, after a lengthy review process which includes the verification of 21 merit badges, a demonstrated Scout spirit, and a youth-led service project. For Leighton, his involvement in the service organization began when he was only 8 years old. Since then, the Boy Scouts program has helped foster a sense of service and leadership. This past year, as part of his Eagle Scout project, Leighton led efforts to refurbish a previously neglected class-room at the Tyler Street United Meth-odist Church in Oak Cliff. As a result of Leighton’s project, the classroom is now in use for middle school youth. Please join me in congratulating Leighton in his latest achievement. I look forward to seeing his continued leadership in our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. WALTER PARRISH (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Mr. Walter Parrish, a 98-year-old World War II vet-eran in Georgia’s First Congressional District. Mr. Parrish was born on March 12, 1919, less than 6 months after the end of World War I. Originally from New Jer-sey, Mr. Parrish served 5 years in the Navy as a signalman on destroyer ships, where he used lamps and visual objects to communicate with others in the water. Mr. Parrish served both in the Atlan-tic and the Pacific theaters of the war, and it is undoubted that his role was crucial to the success of his shipmates. Although winning World War II is a major accomplishment, Mr. Parrish en-joyed another important milestone during the war when he married his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.028 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4379 May 19, 2017 
wife. He asked her hand in marriage on a Sunday and married her less than a week later, on Wednesday. Mr. Parrish, thank you for your serv-ice to our country, and I hope your in-spiring life will serve as a lesson for all those who know your story. With Memorial Day approaching, I encourage everyone in our Nation to take time to reflect on the sacrifices of our veterans, thank our Nation’s vet-erans, and understand the importance of their service. 
f 
SECOND ANNIVERSARY OF REFUGIO OIL SPILL (Mr. CARBAJAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to recognize the second anniversary of the devastating Refugio oil spill off the Gaviota coast in my district. I remember all too well the horri-fying sights and smells when over 100,000 barrels of crude oil poured from the Plains All American pipeline rup-ture. Our local funds were stretched as we mounted our cleanup effort that ended up costing over $100 million. The full extent of the damage to our local economy and environment in our re-gion won’t be fully known for years. I was pleased that President Obama signed into law last year the SAFE PIPES Act, directing the Department of Transportation’s pipeline safety pro-gram, PHMSA, to increase the fre-quency of their pipeline monitoring on the California coast. We must ensure that PHMSA is fully funded to ensure that it can effectively monitor our oil pipelines and hopefully prevent future disasters like the Refugio Plains All American pipeline oil spill. 
f 
HONORING DEPUTY MICHAEL SCOTT WILLIAMS (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of fallen Taylor County Sheriff’s Deputy Michael Scott Williams. On the morning of October 31, 2016, Deputy Williams put on his uniform and climbed into his patrol car, head-ing to the job he loved. He was trag-ically killed in a collision that morn-ing. Deputy Williams joined the Taylor County Sheriff’s Department in May of 2015, and was promoted to officer in charge, serving as his sergeant’s second in command. He dedicated his life to law enforcement. For him, it was not just a job; it was a calling. Friends and family described Deputy Williams as a quick study and an experienced law-man who loved to make people laugh. This week, Deputy Williams was hon-ored at the National Peace Officers’ Memorial Service in Washington, a fit-ting reminder that his heroism will not be forgotten. Please join me in honoring Deputy Michael Scott Williams and all of our fallen law enforcement heroes who have made the ultimate sacrifice to en-sure our safety. f 
TAX SYSTEM BROKEN (Mr. PETERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, our tax system is broken and in desperate need of comprehensive reform. I am ready to get to work on a simpler Tax Code that is fiscally responsible, makes our busi-nesses more competitive, and gives re-lief to our working families. But Presi-dent Trump’s plan, if you can call it that, is not the answer. According to the Committee for a Re-sponsible Federal Budget, Trump’s tax plan will cost $5.5 trillion over the next 10 years. Instead of targeting relief to the deserving middle class, President Trump wants to give big breaks to the wealthiest Americans. It is time to stop pretending that tax cuts that favor the wealthy somehow pay for themselves. They don’t. Conservative economist Gregory Mankiw has said that only one-third of the cost of tax costs is recouped from growth. So Trump’s tax plan would ac-tually be paid for by blowing up the na-tional debt. That will crowd out invest-ment and hurt economic growth, which is the opposite of what we want. We have to do better for working Americans, and I express my interest in working with Members on both sides of the aisle to do just that. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. MITCHELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of National Police Week, an opportunity to recognize the brave men and women in blue. This week is meaningful to me and my family, for my oldest son is a police officer in Michigan, and I could not be more proud of him and his service. Too often, we take for granted those who every day put on a badge and a vest to protect us and our commu-nities. Events across this country have been politicized and stretch the rela-tionship between law enforcement and their community. Let us not have poli-tics overwhelm the dedication and commitment of our men and women in blue. Our lives, and indeed our free-doms, are safeguarded by the thin blue line. We owe the men and women in uniform, those who put themselves at risk every day, a simple thank you and simply our respect. Mr. Speaker, I rise to give the police officers at our doors here, the officers throughout our communities, and my son, a simple thank you. COMMON SENSE (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, the Republican healthcare repeal bill is a giant step backwards. It will leave mil-lions of Americans without any insur-ance and many more paying more money for less coverage. Worse, it will reduce protections requiring insurers to treat fairly those of us with pre-existing conditions. Instead of this disastrous plan, we should be working together to improve healthcare, building on the progress of the ACA, and finding solutions to what isn’t working. Let me offer one example. I recently introduced the Common Sense Em-ployer Notification of Special Enroll-ment Act, or Common SENSE Act. This bill would require employers to inform people leaving a job that they not only qualify for COBRA but also qualify for a special enrollment period to purchase insurance on the ACA mar-ketplace or enroll in Medicare, which is often less expensive than COBRA. Mr. Speaker, this bill will help Amer-icans save money and seniors avoid last-minute enrollment penalties. I urge my colleagues to support the Common SENSE Act and join me in finding commonsense ways to improve our healthcare, not to dismantle it. f 
NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT WEEK (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my sincere thanks to all of the men and women who serve and have served in law enforcement in the State of Colorado. These men and women put themselves in harm’s way to protect the citizens of our great State. I would like to especially recognize the Aurora, Littleton, Greenwood Vil-lage, and Brighton Police Departments, as well as the Arapahoe, Douglas, and Adams County Sheriff’s Departments for their tireless work in doing their best to keep our communities safe. I am proud to say that these munic-ipal police and county sheriff’s depart-ments within the Sixth Congressional District of Colorado are exceptional and should be recognized for their ex-traordinary public service. These men and women of law enforce-ment are dedicated to public safety. In honor of National Law Enforcement Week, I would like to thank not only those who serve in law enforcement in the State of Colorado but all those who serve across our country. 
f 
POLICE WEEK (Mr. GOTTHEIMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.030 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4380 May 19, 2017 
Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Police Week and to say ‘‘thank you’’ to the men and women in New Jersey and in our coun-try who keep our community safe, and especially to honor those who paid the ultimate price in their efforts to do so. Sadly, this year alone, we have lost 48 police officers in the line of duty across the United States. We cannot repay the debt our communities owe to these heroes and their families, but we can start by expressing appreciation for their bravery, dedication, and serv-ice, and making sure law enforcement knows that they have our full support. Our police officers and all first re-sponders can’t protect us and them-selves without the resources they need to do their job safely and effectively. Not only do police protect us from criminals, but they are on the front lines of the war on terror, especially as we have seen the rise of homegrown and lone-wolf terror after 9/11. To close, I want to reiterate my deep appreciation for the work of local, county, and State police officers in my district in New Jersey and across our country who keep our communities safe. 
f 
b1245 NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. MEEHAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the men and women of law enforcement who put their lives on the line day and night protecting our communities, like my nephew Ethan Meehan. As we close this year’s Police Week, I would like to pay particular tribute to the law enforcement personnel who have been killed or wounded in the line of duty, like Officer Christopher Dorman of Folcroft, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, who was shot and wounded last June but bravely back on the job just weeks later. Sadly, four of Pennsylvania’s finest lost their lives in the line of duty last year: Pennsylvania State Trooper Eugene Weaver; Canonsburg Patrolman Scott Bashioum; Pennsylvania Corrections Officer David Weaver; and Luzerne County Corrections Officer Kristopher Moules. We thank them for their service, and we are indebted for their sacrifice. We honor their memories, and our thoughts and prayers are with their families. 
f 
SAUDI ARABIAN JURISPRUDENCE (Mr. RASKIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, President Trump is headed to Saudi Arabia today, which is an authoritarian, theo-cratic state which bans any criticism of the government and executes people or imprisons them for allegedly insult-ing Islam. Just a few weeks ago, a Saudi man, Ahmad Al Shamri, who is in his early twenties, was sentenced to death for atheism and apostasy. Another Saudi man, Raif Badawi, a few years ago was sentenced to serve 10 years in prison, to suffer 1,000 lashes, and to pay 1,000,000 Saudi rials for insulting Islam simply for advocating secular thought and the separation of church and state. There are dozens of Saudis lan-guishing in prison for blasphemy, apos-tasy, heresy, sorcery, witchcraft, and other imaginary offenses. Mr. Trump, please use at least 2 minutes of your time while you are in Saudi Arabia to plead with the rulers there to release all religious prisoners and stop exe-cuting and incarcerating people for these imaginary religious crimes in the 21st century. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. f 
FIREFIGHTER SCOTT DEAN, SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as the hot Texas sun set in the west last night at about 10 p.m., the brave first responders of the San Antonio Fire De-partment answered the alarms as a strip mall went up in a fiery inferno. Sixty-one fire trucks with lights and sirens sped to the scene. The fire-fighters dashed into the buildings per-forming a search-and-recovery oper-ation, making sure no one was there. As the fire grew, the intense smoke and heat became suffocating. Two fire-fighters were injured, but their lives were saved by other firefighters. But Firefighter Scott Dean was trapped in the inferno. This 6-year veteran of the force’s life was stolen by the hellish blaze. He gave his life while saving oth-ers from harm. Texas lost another one of its finest last night. Firefighters such as Scott Dean are a rare and tenacious breed. They are the American breed. They run into the flames that everyone else des-perately flees from. Firefighters restore order from chaos, answering the alarm. Mr. Speak-er, they always answer the alarm. It has been said that all people are created equal, but a few turn out to be firefighters. One of those rare breed was firefighter Scott Dean. So the last alarm has sounded for Scott Dean. He answered the call, and he gave it all for the people of San Antonio, Texas. And that is just the way it is. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF HOME BUILDERS (Mr. HUIZENGA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 75th anniversary of the National Association of Home Builders. For three-quarters of a century, the NAHB has been fighting for home-owners, home builders, and commu-nities across the country. Today, the federation includes over 700 local and State home builder associations who are committed to fostering a pro- growth climate and sensible, cost-effec-tive housing policies. How do I know? Because my family has been involved in our local chapter for decades. The NAHB has long supported the builders who create beautiful homes in west Michigan—my home—as well as across the Nation. Many of these build-ers are small-business men and women who represent the backbone of the American economy. By standing up to regulatory over-reach and promoting a pro-growth en-vironment, the NAHB is helping these entrepreneurial small businesses to have a voice. Thanks in part to the ef-forts of the NAHB, builders and con-sumers throughout the country are back on their feet, housing production has increased, and builders are increas-ingly confident in the market. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the National Asso-ciation of Home Builders as they work to keep the home building industry moving forward. Congratulations for those 75 years. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, it is a distinct honor to rise today to recog-nize National Police Week, honoring our heroes of the thin blue line. During this week each year, our Nation joins together to honor our brave men and women in blue. In their mission to serve and protect, our law enforcement officers put their lives on the line each day, keeping our families and our communities safe from harm. Day in and day out, we wit-ness the countless sacrifices made by the men and women who serve as our front line of defense here at home. We stand to recognize their service this week. We also pay tribute to those who have tragically lost their lives in the line of duty. Their bravery and sac-rifice will never be forgotten. I would like to specifically thank the dedicated officers serving throughout the State of New York. From the New York State troopers to the county sheriffs and to our local law enforce-ment, the heroism and bravery of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.032 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4381 May 19, 2017 
men and women in blue continues to inspire us all. 
f 
BIKE TO WORK ACT (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, this week, along with Congressman C
ROW-
LEY, we reintroduced the Bike to Work Act. As an avid biker myself, I am thrilled to bring forth an initiative that encourages more biking. This is fitting, given that today is National Bike to Work Day. This bipartisan legislation we have introduced will allow workers to use their pretax commuter benefits for bikeshare programs, just as they al-ready can do for other forms of trans-portation. According to one report, from 2000 to 2013, the number of bicycle commuters grew by more than 62 percent. As these programs grow, putting them on equal footing with other modes of transpor-tation that commuters use to get to and from work is important. Bikesharing is very popular in Min-nesota, and through this initiative, we can ensure that more Americans have the opportunity to get to work with more flexibility and more convenience. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, this is a special week in the United States, here in our Capital, and across the country. This is National Police Week, and so I rise to honor our men and women in service across our country who wear the uniform every day: our first re-sponders who are police officers who rush to trouble, as opposed to running from, and who put themselves in harm’s way to keep us safe. Every day, they get up and keep our families safe and our communities safe. They are our heroes. So this week, Mr. Speaker, Congress has welcomed many of these policemen and -women and their families to D.C. to recognize them for their heroism and to remember those whom we have lost. In Kansas, we are all too aware of the sacrifices that law enforcement makes to keep us safe. Brad Lancaster, Dave Melton, and Brandon Collins all made the ultimate sacrifice over the last year in my district alone, and they are on my mind this week and each and every day along with the other fallen officers across our country. Mr. Speaker, let us never forget the selflessness and bravery of police offi-cers around the country who work tire-lessly each and every day to enforce our laws, protect our communities, and save lives. ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, MAY 19, 2017, TO MONDAY, MAY 22, 2017 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, May 22, 2017, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. f 
HONORING KBTX-TV The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks made during this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize KBTX-TV, who, on May 22, will be celebrating 60 years of service in the Brazos Valley of Texas. In 1957, KBTX began broadcasting from a four-room brick studio on East 29th Street in Bryan, Texas. Today, the studio is still located at the same loca-tion, but just like the surrounding area, it has grown immensely. Starting out, KBTX was both a CBS and an ABC affiliate. In 1984, they be-came a CBS affiliate exclusively. The station prides itself on its commitment and dedication to responsible reporting and community involvement. Fit-tingly, the station’s slogan is ‘‘The People You Know, The News You Trust.’’ KBTX has set the standard for tele-vision and news in the Brazos Valley. They were the first television station in the Brazos Valley, and over the past 60 years, they have had many more im-pressive firsts in the Brazos Valley, in-cluding the following: The first television station capable of color transmission and the use of vid-eotape; The first television station to use color news film; The first to cover live sports, news, and weather, as well as community events using remote, live trucks with cameras and out-of-studio editing ca-pabilities; The first television station with Doppler radar; The first 24-hour television station; and The first commercial television sta-tion to broadcast in high-definition tel-evision. The KBTX news and creative services teams have also received many pres-tigious awards, which include the fol-lowing: multiple Lone Star Emmys; multiple Telly Awards; multiple Texas Associated Press Broadcasters Awards, including the 2013 TAPB Overall Excel-lence in Television Award; multiple ADDY Awards; and the Edward R. Mur-row Award in 2013. I would like to congratulate KBTX- TV on all of their achievements and for their 60 years of service to the Brazos Valley. It is an honor for me to rep-resent in Congress such a great team and a pillar for our community. As I close these remarks, I ask every-one to continue praying for our coun-try, our military, and our first re-sponders who selflessly serve and sac-rifice to protect us. HONORING J .B. OWEN , JR. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor J.B. Owen, Jr., of Woodway, Texas, who passed away on March 5, 2017. J.B. was born in Mathis, Texas, on November 19, 1928. He attended grade school in this small community with just three other students. Upon gradua-tion from Mathis High School, J.B. went to Southwest Texas State Univer-sity in San Marcos, where he would go on to earn a bachelor of business ad-ministration in general business. He began his career by teaching busi-ness classes in Dilley, Texas, before a diagnosis of tuberculosis landed him in the hospital for 15 months. Thankfully, J.B. made a full recovery and set out to become an insurance agent with Texas Farm Bureau Insurance Company. J.B. was an exemplary leader at Farm Bu-reau for 41 years before his retirement in 1992. In 1965, J.B. married Lillian Holley Rector, known as Lil, a Georgia peach he met on a blind date with the help of a coworker. In their 50-plus years of marriage, Lil and J.B. raised three children—Richard, Holley, and J.B. III. They were blessed with nine grand-children, including triplets, who were born in 2001. Along with being loving grand-parents, J.B. and Lil enjoyed traveling, both in Texas and beyond. J.B. is recognized as an exemplary steward for the greater Waco commu-nity. He was an active volunteer and community member, serving on the Planning and Zoning Commission and the Community Development Board. He also served as an elder at Highland Baptist Church and taught Sunday school for 35 years. J.B. served as the president of the Northwest Waco Rotary Club, presi-dent of the Harlingen PTA, and as president of Kids & Co., a childcare center. He was also a member of Gid-eons International, a Christian busi-ness association. Mr. Speaker, J.B. Owen worked tire-lessly to better our central Texas and Waco communities. He is loved by his city and certainly left an enduring im-pression on central Texas. He will be forever remembered as a great philan-thropist, community member, husband, father, grandfather, and friend. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.034 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4382 May 19, 2017 
My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Owen family. We also lift up his wife, Lil, and family and friends of J.B. Owen, Jr., in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the United States Capitol to honor the life and legacy of J.B. Owen, Jr. As I close these remarks, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. b1300 
HONORING BOB J . SUROVIK  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Bob J. Surovik of Bryan, Texas, who passed away on February 7, 2017. Bob was born in Glen Rose, Texas, on October 27, 1936. In 1954, he graduated from Mount Pleasant High School and went on to Texas A&M University, an institution he cherished for the rest of his life. At Texas A&M, Bob was active in the student body as the president of the Student Senate and in the Singing Cadets. He also served in the Town Hall, the Prelaw Society, the Account-ing Society, and the Memorial Student Leadership Council. He was named as a ‘‘Who’s Who Among Students in American Colleges and Universities. After graduation from Texas A&M in 1958 with a degree in business adminis-tration, he married the love of his life, Elaine Maedgen. Later that year, he and Elaine moved to Austin, where Bob pursued a law degree, and Elaine pur-sued a bachelor’s degree from the Uni-versity of Texas. Bob earned his law de-gree in 1961, and Elaine earned her un-dergraduate degree in 1960. Upon graduation from law school, Bob joined the United States Army. While serving his country, he was awarded the Army Commendation Medal for meritorious service. He began his legal career in 1963, starting out with the McMahon Law Firm. In 1973, Bob was named as the State Junior Bar Outstanding Young Lawyer of the Year and was admitted and qualified as an attorney and coun-selor of the Supreme Court of the United States. He would go on to be-come president of McMahon, Surovik, Suttle, P.C., where he practiced for 50 years. Bob was an exceptional steward for Texas A&M in the Abilene community. He was the president of the Abilene A&M Club, a member of the Texas Aggie Bar Association. He was an avid Fightin’ Texas Aggie football fan and attended almost all home games at Kyle Field. In 2011, Texas A&M named him Aggie Lawyer of the Year and in 2012 named him as a Distinguished Alumnus, the highest award that can be given to a former student of Texas A&M Univer-sity. In Abilene, Bob was known for his community service, coaching Little League baseball, serving as a director of the chamber of commerce, president of the Abilene Bar Association, and chairman of the Community Founda-tion. He was also an active parishioner at St. Paul United Methodist Church, where his favorite activity was teach-ing Sunday school to the kindergarten class, which he did for 15 years. Mr. Speaker, Bob Surovik worked tirelessly to better the Abilene and Texas A&M communities and to help those around him. He is loved in these places, and he left an enduring impres-sion on countless Texans. He will be forever remembered as a great philan-thropist, community member, husband, father, and friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Surovik family. We also lift up the family and friends of Bob Surovik in our prayers. I request that a United States flag be flown over the United States Capitol to honor the life and legacy of Bob Surovik. As I close these remarks, I urge all Americans to continue to pray for our country during these difficult times and for our military men and women who sacrifice to protect us. 
HONORING ELWYN L . BASS 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a person who is very special to my family and me. Today I am celebrating the life and legacy of my father-in-law, Mr. Elwyn L. Bass. Mr. Bass was more commonly known as Sam to his friends, and he passed away on April 26, 2017. Sam was born in Vealmoor, Texas, on January 26, 1934. At the young age of 16, he graduated from Ackerly High School. Upon graduation from Ackerly, Sam married a beautiful young woman, Johnette Carr, and went on to attend Baylor University in Waco. While at Baylor, he joined the United States Army. After finishing his service in the Army and following his graduation from Baylor, Sam devoted his career to public education. He began that career by serving as a teacher and principal at Dawson High School. He later served as superintendent for Grady ISD in west Texas, followed by service as super-intendent for Follett ISD, a small town in the Texas Panhandle. His next posi-tion was superintendent of schools at Stratford Independent School District in my hometown of Stratford, a Texas community in the northwest part of the panhandle. In 1990, Sam retired after 35 years of service to the Texas public school sys-tem. At that time, he was so beloved by the Stratford community that our local sports stadium was named E. L. ‘‘Sam’’ Bass Stadium in his honor. At the beginning of his retirement, he moved to east Texas and lived in a home that he constructed with his own hands and with a little help from friends and family. Sam suffered a loss in 1992 when Johnette, his beloved wife of 42 years, passed away. In 1994, he married Jo Anna Morton. Soon thereafter, he returned to edu-cation, teaching and coaching basket-ball for 10 years at Faith Lutheran School in Sugar Land, Texas. Sam was known as a generous and caring man who was active in the com-munity. He remained active through-out his life in the churches he at-tended, serving as a deacon at the First Baptist Church in Stratford and on the board at Parkway United Methodist Church in Sugar Land. Sam was known for his strong Christian faith and for his love of old hymns, a few of which he sang off key. His friends and family will always remember how he saw the good in people and his positive outlook on life. Mr. Bass’ life reminds me of a pas-sage from a book, entitled, ‘‘The Ap-plause of Heaven,’’ written by Max Lucado. In that book, he has a moving passage which describes all of our lives. The passage reads as follows: ‘‘You’ll be home soon. You may not have no-ticed it, but you are closer to home than ever before. Each moment is a step taken. Each breath is a page turned. Each day is a mile marked, a mountain climbed. You are closer to home than you’ve ever been. Before you know it, your appointed arrival time will come; you’ll descend the ramp and enter the City. You’ll see the faces that are waiting for you. You’ll hear your name spoken by those who love you. And maybe, just maybe—in the back, behind the crowd—the One who would rather die than live without you will remove his nail-pierced hands from His heavenly robe . . . and ap-plaud.’’ Mr. Speaker, Sam Bass worked tire-lessly for the youth of Texas and to better the communities around him. He is loved by his family and friends, of which there are many. Sam left an enduring impression on the lives he touched. He will be forever remembered as a great educator, com-munity member, husband, father, great-grandfather, and friend. I am cer-tain that when he took his last breath on Earth, Jesus welcomed him with the words of Matthew 25:23: ‘‘Well done, good and faithful servant.’’ His friends and I will continue to pray for his fam-ily over the coming days and weeks ahead. I recently requested that an Amer-ican flag be flown over the Capitol to honor the life and legacy of my father- in-law, Sam Bass. Mr. Speaker, as I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who pro-tect us at home. It is particularly poignant this week that it is National Police Week, and so we should recognize those police who serve us. In 2 weeks, we are going to celebrate Memorial Day, and it is im-portant that we recognize our men and women in uniform of the United States military. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.036 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4383 May 19, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
THE WEEK IN REVIEW The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
UDD). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from College Station for the profound tribute to a great man, great people. It has been an interesting week. Our President is headed for the Middle East, and it has gotten rather vitriolic, condemnation of our President for fir-ing the FBI Director. The FBI Director is supposed to be more concerned with law enforcement than with press conferences. Since he is not elected, his job is not to go out and appear to be, politically, a sub-stitute and, particularly, not to help one party over another. It seemed that under Director Comey’s tenuous head of the FBI—I was thrilled when he replaced Mueller. Mueller did a lot of damage to the FBI with his 5-year up-or-out policy, where anyone in a supervisory position for 5 years anywhere outside of Washington, at the end of the 5 years, had to either leave the FBI or come to Washington and be a minion up here for the Direc-tor. We lost thousands and thousands of years of valuable FBI experience under Director Mueller. In fact, no one has done more damage to the rank and file of our outstanding FBI agents than Di-rector Mueller. I keep hearing all these glowing things. Well, he did a lot of damage. Plus, under his time as FBI Director, Mueller had the training material that would help FBI employees and agents understand more about radical Islam. The FBI, in the 1990s, had done an outstanding job of gathering informa-tion about radical Islam, of groups like the Holy Land Foundation, individuals associated with supporting terrorism. After the 1993 attempt to bomb the World Trade Center, he did a good job gathering evidence for that trial. By the time Director Mueller came along under President George W. Bush, they had gotten pretty good at figuring out what radical Islam was. Kim Jensen, with the FBI, had a 700- page program to train FBI agents on what radical Islam was, how you go about spotting people that had been radicalized, the things they believe, un-derstanding which scriptures in the Koran they focused on. It really helped FBI agents figure out how to stop rad-ical Islam. But the reason the FBI took so much criticism after so many people across America have been killed needlessly from people who were on the FBI radar is because, under Bob Mueller, the FBI agents were not allowed to know how to spot radical Islam, and, in fact, they could hurt their career if they at-tempted to point out that someone had been radicalized. So that is why, when Russia told the United States twice—once, directly told the FBI, as I understand it—that the older Tsarnaev brother had been radicalized and where he had traveled and where he had been radicalized over in the former Soviet Union area, the FBI, the best we can find out from the public hearings we had, apparently, under Mueller, they sent somebody to ask Tsarnaev if he was a radical ter-rorist, and he assured them he wasn’t. And they sent somebody to ask Tsarnaev’s mother, and she, in essence, said, ‘‘No, he is a good boy; he is not a terrorist,’’ and that was their inves-tigation. I challenged Mueller: You didn’t even go to the mosques, the main Boston mosque where these guys attended to see and investigate whether they had been radicalized. b1315 He refuted that. He said we did go to those mosques, but then he added: ‘‘In our outreach program.’’ It turns out, as he admitted, he did not even know that the Boston mosque where the Tsarnaev radicalization was heightened was started by a man named Alamoudi. Alamoudi helped the Clinton administration back before they started making so much money on who they were. But the Clinton ad-ministration used Alamoudi to help them find the perfect Muslims to be chaplains at prisons, the perfect Mus-lims to help advise the government, the perfect Muslims to plug in to help our United States Government. And it is what I have asked more than once and have gotten no answer: Who was it that encouraged or placed Huma Abedin Weiner next to Hillary Clinton as an intern in 1996? Who was it that put her in that position next to the First Lady, where she grew from being intern to being helper and ulti-mately her number one closest adviser as secretary of state? Had Hillary Clinton been elected President, she would have been the foremost closest adviser to the Presi-dent of the United States with some strong direct ties from her family to the Muslim Brotherhood. In fact, Osama bin Laden had indi-cated that a couple of things that radicalized him, made him want to kill people like Americans for being infidels, was a booklet written by an Egyptian Muslim brother named Qutb—Q-u-t-b—called ‘‘Milestones.’’ He also gave great credit to a guy named Naseef, who was head of a number of Muslim activities—still is. But he had a journal that was a favorite publica-tion of the Muslim Brotherhood. And come to find out that, gee, back when she was working for Hillary Clin-ton, Huma Abedin was listed on the masthead as being a part of that publi-cation, contributing to being part of that publication, along with, at dif-ferent times, one or two other family members. That is the journal that Naseef started for the Muslim group. Quite interesting, the ties that she had. Some of us asked for the inspector general—all we did was ask five dif-ferent inspectors general and five dif-ferent departments or agencies if they would investigate the extent of Muslim brother influence in their particular department or agency, and one was the State Department. There is not one single thing that we put in any of those five letters that was inaccurate. They were all factually correct. But there was a firestorm. J
OHN MCCAINrushed to the Senate floor to condemn us. We were right about everything we put in those letters. We are still right. Bob Mueller did a lot of damage to our ability—as one of our agents told me, we have been blinded of our ability to see who our enemy is. In recent days, since Director Comey was fired by the President—which he totally has the authority to do for any reason or for no reason—there have been all these glowing comments by my Democratic friends in the House and Senate condemning the firing of Comey. President Trump has been vilified even for commenting today and yesterday that he thought when he fired Comey he would have wide bipar-tisan support. Because he had heard so many comments, he thought that would be widely appreciated on both sides of the aisle, because clearly the FBI had become about Comey and not about law enforcement. It certainly seemed inappropriate, what he said last summer, when basi-cally he laid out the case of how Hil-lary Clinton had committed a Federal crime that did not require intent, but then he added an element to the of-fense that Congress didn’t add, that is not part of the law, of specific intent. Didn’t exist. Not necessary to prove. It hadn’t been proved in other cases where we have got people that have been put in the penitentiary for a lot less than what Hillary Clinton did. But he exonerated her. No prosecutor in his right mind would prosecute this case, when, actually, there are a lot of pros-ecutors who would have prosecuted that case if they were not so politically attuned as Mr. Comey was and is. I thought it would be helpful, Mr. Speaker, to just go back and revisit comments from some of our friends across the aisle about the FBI Director Comey. In fact, nobody has been more vocal since Director Comey’s firing than our friend down the hall, Senator C
HUCK SCHUMER , Democrat from New York. I am quoting from my friend C
HUCK  S
CHUMER . He came out bluntly on No-vember 2, 2016: ‘‘I do not have con-fidence in him any longer.’’ Published in Bloomberg. So being a man of his word, we know that as of November 2, Senator S
CHUMER had no confidence in Director Comey any longer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.038 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4384 May 19, 2017 
Despite what he has said in recent days, beloved Senator B
ERNIE SANDERS  from Vermont did an interview with ABC News in January of this year. The headline from the ABC News story: ‘‘Sanders: ‘Would Not Be Bad Thing for the American People’ if FBI Director Comey Steps Down.’’ Then the story went on to say: ‘‘Asked by ABC News’ George Stephan-opoulos in an exclusive interview on ‘This Week’ if Comey should leave his post, Sanders responded, ‘I think he should take a hard look at what he has done and I think it would not be a bad thing for the American people if he did step down.’ ‘‘‘I think that Comey acted in an outrageous way during the campaign,’ Sanders said. ‘No one can say that this was decisive, or this is what elected Trump, but clearly his behavior during the campaign in terms of what he said during the week or two before the elec-tion was unacceptable.’’’ Then we have former Senator Harry Reid. All those who know him to be a man of his word can take his comments seriously because as of October 30, 2016, Senator Harry Reid from Nevada said in a letter to Director Comey: ‘‘Dear Director Comey: Your actions in recent months have demonstrated a dis-turbing double standard for the treat-ment of sensitive information, with what appears to be a clear intent to aid one political party over another. I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act, which bars FBI officials from using their official au-thority to influence an election. Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law.’’ Again, this is Harry Reid to Director Comey. Harry Reid goes on: ‘‘The dou-ble standard established by your ac-tions is clear. In my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community, it has become clear that you possess explo-sive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump, his top advisers, and the Russian Gov-ernment, a foreign interest openly hos-tile to the United States, which Trump praises at every opportunity.’’ And I will insert here parentheti-cally, we now know that the FBI did not possess explosive information about close ties and coordination be-tween Donald Trump, his top advisers, and the Russian Government. In fact, the Obama administration, intel-ligence, law enforcement officials have repeatedly testified that despite all their inferences, despite all the things they wanted to find, they could not point to any evidence of the Russian Government affecting our election, of the Russian Government colluding with the Trump administration or with Donald Trump’s campaign to affect the election. No evidence. Anyway, we know more now than we did at the time that Harry Reid wrote this letter. Senator Reid went on: ‘‘The public has a right to know this information. I wrote to you months ago calling for this information to be released to the public. There is no danger to American interests from releasing it. And yet, you continue to resist calls to inform the public of this critical information. ‘‘By contrast, as soon as you came into possession of the slightest innu-endo related to Secretary Clinton, you rushed to publicize it in the most nega-tive light possible. ‘‘Moreover, in tarring Secretary Clin-ton with thin innuendo, you overruled longstanding tradition and the explicit guidance of your own department. You rushed to take this step 11 days before a Presidential election, despite the fact that for all you know, the information you possess could be entirely duplica-tive of the information you already ex-amined which exonerated Secretary Clinton.’’ Well, again parenthetically, we know now it actually condemned Secretary Clinton, showed she committed a crime. She may not have had the in-tent to violate the law, but had the certain intent to do what she did, and that was a violation of the law. He goes on. This is Harry Reid talk-ing to and about Comey. He says: ‘‘As you know, a memo authored by Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates on March 10, 2016, makes clear that all Justice Department employees, includ-ing you, are subject to the Hatch Act. The memo defines political activity prohibited under the Hatch Act as, ‘ac-tivity directed toward the success or failure of a political party, candidate for partisan political office, or partisan political group.’ ‘‘The clear double standard estab-lished by your actions strongly sug-gests that your highly selective ap-proach to publicizing information, along with your timing, was intended for the success or failure of a partisan candidate or political group. ‘‘Please keep in mind that I have been a supporter of yours in the past. When Republicans filibustered your nomination and delayed your confirma-tion longer than any previous nominee to your position, I led the fight to get you confirmed because I believed you to be a principled public servant. ‘‘With deepest regret, I now see that I was wrong. ‘‘Sincerely, ‘‘Senator Harry Reid.’’ So as of last October 30, Reid believed Comey was not fit for being Director of the FBI. On May 5: ‘‘Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia told CNN’s Alisyn Camerota on Friday that the letter FBI Director James Comey sent to Congress days be-fore the 2016 election notifying law-makers of the reopened investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email practices was ‘probably the lowest moment in the history of the FBI’ next to wire-tapping Martin Luther King Jr.’’ b1330 T
IMKAINE, Senator K AINE, went on: ‘‘‘It will go down as probably the low-est moment in the history of the FBI, probably next to the decision of J. Edgar Hoover to wiretap Martin Lu-ther King. And it was unfortunate,’ Kaine said.’’ That was from the Free Beacon. Senator DIANNE FEINSTEIN from Cali-fornia, November 6, 2016, had this to say about Director Comey of the FBI: ‘‘‘The FBI has a history of extreme caution near election day so as not to influence the results. Today’s break from that tradition is appalling.’’’ Senator C
HRIS MURPHY , Democrat from Connecticut, said this on May 10 on MSNBC: ‘‘‘It is absolutely true the Democrats have been very critical of James Comey, and many of us did call for his resignation.’’’ Senator C
ORYBOOKER from New Jer-sey, back on November 6 of 2016, said: ‘‘Hillary Clinton was sharply critical of the FBI in the wake of the surprise an-nouncement that investigators were examining newly discovered emails that could be related to her former pri-vate server, but she has avoided the issue more recently. ‘‘So it was striking that Senator Cory Booker took a swipe at the law enforcement agency on Sunday when he introduced Clinton at a black church here.’’ This actually is a story from the LA Times. ‘‘Without mentioning the email probe specifically, Booker said there have been ‘reruns’ in this election. ‘‘‘We saw what the FBI did in MLK’s day,’ he said, a reference to how it tar-geted the civil rights leader decades ago. ‘‘FBI Director James B. Comey has faced withering criticism from Demo-crats and even some Republicans for notifying Congress so close to the elec-tion that the agency was examining ad-ditional emails. ‘‘But Booker’s reference to the Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr., was also in-teresting in light of how Comey has re-quired FBI trainees to study the les-sons from the ‘shameful’ investigations of the civil rights leader.’’ In an interview with NPR back on November 8, 2016, Senator C
ORYBOOKER  of New Jersey had an interviewer say this to him: ‘‘Now, earlier today, we had House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi calling the FBI Director James Comey’s recent announcements a Molo-tov cocktail. And she was saying it might have affected down-ballot races for House and Senate, saying it might have made things more of an obstacle for Democrats. What concerns do you have about that in the Senate?’’ Senator B
OOKER , again this is No-vember 8, 2016, said: ‘‘Well, I really think that it was a big impact on the election. I don’t have any, obviously, data to back that up, and hopefully through an analysis we will see. But clearly our Senate candidates and our Presidential candidates were surging— or at the time that news came, it sucked the momentum out a lot of those races. And we think it could like-ly affect the outcome of some very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.040 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4385 May 19, 2017 
tight Senate races as well. It’s unfortu-nate that he would break with prece-dent. It’s—to me, it showed a grave lack of judgment, to put something like that into an election days before it would come to pass. And I think he did a disservice to the United States of America.’’ That was from NPR on con-demning the actions of Director Comey. Just so that we know what the theme is we are talking about here, basically Farewell to Director Comey as FBI Di-rector, and I am just giving quotes that our friends across the aisle, Democrats, have made about Director Comey. Minority Leader N
ANCY PELOSI said this November 2, 2016: ‘‘‘Maybe he’s not in the right job,’. . . . ‘‘‘I think that we have to just get through this election and just see what the casualties are along the way.’’’ Our friend, Representative G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , Democrat here in the House, serving nobly, former head of the Congressional Black Caucus, he said this year, January 24: ‘‘‘I can’t speak for Democrats, but I can speak for myself, and I think that James Comey needs to fade away into obliv-ion.’ ‘‘‘He embarrassed this Nation, he possibly influenced the outcome of a presidential election, and he should not hold any position of trust, whatsoever, in our government.’’’ And my friend, Representative S
TEVE  C
OHEN from Tennessee, we serve to-gether on the Committee on the Judici-ary. This was his press release October 30, 2016. The press release his office sent out said: ‘‘Congressman Steve Cohen, ranking member of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice, today called on James Comey to resign as Di-rector of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation.’’ Then it has a quote in the Cohen press release: ‘‘‘FBI Director James Comey’s recent public comments on former Secretary of State Hillary Clin-ton and her emails, apparently before seeing any evidence, and against the advice of the Justice Department ac-cording to press reports, and even, some have suggested, in violation of the Hatch Act, make it clear that for the good of the FBI and the Justice De-partment, he should resign his position effective immediately,’ said Congress-man Cohen. ‘In the past, even quite re-cently, I have expressed my apprecia-tion for Director Comey. I appreciated his courage as Deputy Attorney Gen-eral when he stood up to President Bush’s Chief of Staff Andrew Card and White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales when they attempted to persuade hos-pitalized Attorney General John Ashcroft to reauthorize Bush’s domes-tic surveillance program, which the Justice Department had just deter-mined was illegal. When, in July of this year, Director Comey recommended no criminal charges against Hillary Clin-ton for her handling of classified infor-mation while she was Secretary of State but added his own sidebar of opinions to the announcement, I gave Director Comey the benefit of the doubt, despite the fact that his making such highly unusual remarks was called into question by many.’ ‘‘Congressman Cohen elaborated, ‘While I cannot know Director Comey’s reasoning for his recent letter to House Members notifying them about the FBI’s review of emails that he deemed ‘‘potentially related’’ to Hillary Clin-ton’s personal server, it was plainly premature, careless and unprecedented in its potential impact upon a Presi-dential election without a speck of in-formation regarding the emails in question, their validity, substance or relevance. Director Comey stated in the letter that he had no idea of ‘‘the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails,’’ which makes his decision all the more disturbing. ‘‘‘There is a reason that FBI inves-tigations are not usually made public until they are completed. To do so gives an impression of guilt before all the facts have been determined. That was the case during the FBI’s inves-tigation of Secretary Clinton’s emails that led Director Comey to state that there was no evidence that Secretary Clinton intentionally transmitted or willfully mishandled classified infor-mation and that ‘‘no reasonable pros-ecutor’’ would bring a case against her. In light of that finding and the Depart-ment of Justice’s prohibition and prac-tice against influencing elections, it is clear that Director Comey’s actions, no matter his motivations, have called into question his judgment and ethics. That is unacceptable as the FBI Direc-tor must, like Caesar’s wife, be above suspicion. I agree with CNN’s Paul Callan who, in calling for Director Comey to resign wrote ‘Trashing the Justice and FBI rule books in the in-terest of ‘openness’ is likely to put the FBI front and center in one of the most contentious Presidential races in re-cent U.S. history.’’’ ‘‘Congressman Cohen continued, ‘Ad-ditionally revelatory is The New York Times opinion written by Richard Painter, chief White House ethics law-yer for President George W. Bush, in which he states: Absent extraordinary circumstances that might justify it, a public communication about a pending FBI investigation involving a can-didate that is made on the eve of an election is thus very likely to be a vio-lation of the Hatch Act and a misuse of an official position. Serious questions also arise under lawyers’ professional conduct rules that require prosecutors to avoid excessive publicity and unnec-essary statements that could cause public condemnation even of people who have been accused of a crime, not to mention people like Mrs. Clinton, who have never been charged with a crime.’ ‘‘Congressman Cohen concluded, ‘The fairness of our electoral system is like the fairness of a trial, and no justice official should act in such a way to po-tentially influence an election whether intended to or not. Standards must be upheld and an FBI Director needs to in-vestigate, not inject issues into a Pres-idential election when no investigation dictates action or basis for action. At a minimum, Director Comey’s actions are, to use his own verbiage, ‘‘ex-tremely careless’’ this close to the election and without any apparent sub-stance. If Director Comey cares about the Bureau and the rule of law, as I have felt he has in the past, I’m sure upon reflection of this action, he will submit his letter of resignation for the Nation’s good.’’’ So that is my friend, Congressman STEVE COHEN from Tennessee, saying, for the good of the country basically, Comey ought to submit his letter of resignation back last October. Also, when Congressman C
OHEN ap-peared on MSNBC, he said: ‘‘‘What he’s done’—talking about Comey—‘is put the FBI in a position that it has never been in. The FBI Director is supposed to investigate and keep his judgments quiet and not get involved in elections . . . and while he’s made the right deci-sion, even though he went too far, this summer in not indicting the Secretary, what he did here was just wrong, and something the FBI Director needs to exert extreme control over themselves not to get involved, and he just made a mistake, and I think he should resign, because he’s damaged the FBI’s reputa-tion.’ ‘‘‘. . . in fact, he’s been excessively careless now. I gave him the benefit of the doubt I guess based on the result but I didn’t like the way he had cut to the process in which he got to the sub-stance of the decision.’’’ October 31, 2016, also Congressman C
OHEN from Tennessee appeared on CNN, and the CNN reporter said: ‘‘‘Con-gressman, up until the last few days, you didn’t just think the FBI Director was doing a good job—you thought he was doing a great job. You told him last month in a hearing, you said ‘‘You are a credit to the FBI, you are a credit to government service.’’ How do you explain you’re . . .’’’ And then Congressman C
OHEN said: ‘‘‘Because he went too far with this one.’’’ November 3, 2016, The Hill said this: ‘‘As a nearly ten-year veteran of the House Judiciary Committee—the com-mittee responsible for oversight of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and Department of Justice—and ranking member of the House Judiciary Sub-committee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, earlier this week I called on FBI Director James Comey to re-sign his position after his recent com-munication with Members of Congress regarding the Bureau’s review of emails potentially related to Hillary Clinton’s personal email server.’’ Anyway, it goes on—it is a long story—but again feeding Congressman C
OHEN ’s call for FBI Director Comey to resign. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.042 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4386 May 19, 2017 
December 16, 2016, in a tweet attrib-uted to Congressman C
OHEN of Ten-nessee: ‘‘‘#Comey was wrong to hide hacking of #DNC #DCCC, but he should not resign. Trump would appoint worse. #FBI & Senators bulwark for next admin.’’’ So by December he was already thinking differently. But December 10, in a statement, he said: ‘‘‘I applaud Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid for also calling on FBI Director James Comey to resign after new information came to light that Director Comey may have known the CIA had secretly concluded that the Russians were trying to help Don-ald Trump win the Presidency. . . . ’’’ So, anyway, back and forth. But our friend, Representative K
EITH ELLISON , Democrat from Minnesota, November 6, 2016, from Twitter said: ‘‘I’m not sur-prised at all ‘Comey says latest emails don’t change decision.’’’ b1345 Representative E
LIJAH CUMMINGS  from Maryland, my friend, a Democrat, January 13 of this year, said: ‘‘I was willing to give him the benefit of the doubt. Today, I must tell you, when I left the hearing, I felt a great sense of disappointment.’’ My friend, R
UBEN GALLEGO , a Con-gressman from Arizona, a Democrat, said: ‘‘What I heard in the briefing made me not trust him, that’s all.’’ My friend, H
ANK JOHNSON , a Demo-crat from Georgia, said: ‘‘My con-fidence in the FBI Director’s ability to lead this agency has been shaken.’’ On January 13, H
ANK JOHNSON also said: ‘‘He should pack his things and go.’’ He was talking about Comey. J
OHNSON said: ‘‘I don’t have con-fidence in this man to lead the FBI in the coming weeks and months ahead, with all the work that must be done to get to the bottom of Russian hacking into our electoral process.’’ Then my friend, J
ERRY NADLER , a Democrat from New York, November 14, 2016, said: ‘‘The President can fire him for cause and ought to. He violated all the guidelines and put his thumb on the scale of an election. Whether it was decisive or not is a different question.’’ House Democratic Caucus vice Chair-woman L
INDA SA´NCHEZ , my friend from California, said: ‘‘I don’t believe that Director Comey conducted himself dur-ing the election in a way that was im-partial. I have concerns about that. But I also have concerns about who would the replacement be.’’ Also, my friend, Representative D
EBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ from Flor-ida, said: ‘‘I think Director Comey has taken enough actions that call into question his ability to continue to serve credibly. I would lean in the di-rection that he no longer is able to serve in a neutral and credible way.’’ My friend, Representative M
ARK T
AKANO from California, said: ‘‘I’m ex-tremely concerned—extremely. I’ll just—I’m very angry.’’ He was talking about Comey as FBI Director. Representative TIMWALZ, my friend from Minnesota, said on January 13: ‘‘I was nonjudgmental until the last 15 minutes. I no longer have that con-fidence in him.’’ And then so many of the media have been condemning President Trump for firing the FBI Director. Yet, if we just go back a little bit, those same people in the media—Paul Callan from CNN, on October 30, 2016, said: ‘‘Perhaps it’s time for the embattled FBI Director who seems to have forgotten how to conduct a proper investigation to re-sign.’’ Kurt Eichenwald said on November 7, 2016: ‘‘James Comey should not simply be fired as Director of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation. He must be barred forever from any form of public service. ‘‘He has done more damage to the reputation of the FBI than any Direc-tor since the Nixon administration. Comey will, without doubt, be listed as second only to Hoover as the worst Di-rector to ever hold the office because of his willingness to abuse his power.’’ Ian Millhiser, on October 31, 2016, said: ‘‘We also know that Comey vio-lated longstanding Justice Department protocol when he decided to disclose the very few facts that he actually did disclose in his letter to the Republican chairs. And we know that he wrote the letter over the explicit objections of Attorney General Loretta Lynch. Taken together, these actions con-stitute a fireable offense.’’ The New York Daily News editorial board called on Comey to resign, and said: ‘‘FBI Director James Comey’s de-mocracy-bending decision to inform America, 11 days before its Presidential election, that the Bureau is digging into a trove of additional emails de-mands the highest condemnation. And he must resign.’’ The Wall Street Journal editorial board said: ‘‘But if the FBI Director has demonstrated anything in the last year, it is that he has lost the trust of nearly everyone in Washington, along with every American who believes the FBI must maintain its reputation as a politically impartial Federal agency. ‘‘The best service Mr. Comey can render his country now is to resign. Failing that, Jeff Sessions should in-vite him in for a meeting after he is confirmed as attorney general and ask him to resign. If Mr. Comey declines, Donald Trump can and should fire him in the best interests of the Nation’s most important law enforcement agen-cy.’’ Keith Olbermann with GQ tweeted out: ‘‘Very simple: FBI Director Comey needs to clarify—today—that these are not emails from, or withheld by, Clin-ton or resign immediately.’’ The Washington Post said on October 29, 2016: ‘‘James Comey is damaging our democracy.’’ Michael Cohen with The Boston Globe on October 21, 2016, said: ‘‘FBI Director James Comey should resign. James Comey really messed up. The FBI Director did not commit some gar-den-variety mistake. This is not an ‘oops’ moment. For reasons that have more to do with protecting himself from dishonest Republican attacks, Comey committed an overly egregious and political act that roiled the Na-tion’s politics 11 days before election day—and undermined public trust in the Nation’s criminal justice institu-tion. And he needs to go.’’ That is The Boston Globe. Anyway, Mortimer B. Zuckerman, chairman and editor of U.S. News and World Report, on November 4, 2016, said: ‘‘Time to resign—FBI Director James Comey needs to step down over his handling of the Clinton email in-vestigation.’’ This is what they said. ‘‘The self-righteous James Comey has served his country badly. Comey seems oblivious of the effect of handing Trump a piece of dynamite.’’ And he goes on condemning Comey over and over. Jeff Jarvis from Buzzfeed said on No-vember 6, 2016, in a tweet: ‘‘Now resign, Comey, resign.’’ On October 31, 2016, a tweet from Bret Stephens of The New York Times, said: ‘‘FBI Director James Comey needs to resign now, while he can salvage his honor. My Wall Street Journal column explains.’’ You have the Clinton campaign on May 10—it was republished on May 10, but it first went out on October 30, 2016, and it talks about having worked with Director Comey: ‘‘But his unprec-edented decision to publicly comment on evidence in what may be an ongoing inquiry just 11 days before a Presi-dential election leaves us both aston-ished and perplexed.’’ It went on to say that they were ‘‘moved’’ to speak out publicly because Comey’s action violated ‘‘settled’’ DOJ tenets. And Hillary Clinton herself said: ‘‘It’s pretty strange to put something like that out with such little informa-tion, right before an election. In fact, it’s not just strange, it’s unprecedented and it’s deeply troubling. I was on the way to winning until the combination of Jim Comey’s letter on October 28 and Russian WikiLeaks raised doubts in the minds of people who were in-clined to vote for me but got scared off. If the election was on October 27, I would be your President.’’ John Podesta, it turns out, is on the board of directors of one or more com-panies and had dealings with Russia. He said: ‘‘It’s extraordinary that we would see something like this just 11 days out from a Presidential election. ‘‘Light on facts, heavy on innuendo, knowing full what Republicans would do with it. It is not up to him who owes the public answers to questions that are now on the table.’’ He also said that he has ‘‘not been forthcoming with the facts.’’ Anyway, Mr. Speaker, I just thought it would be interesting to understand 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.043 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4387 May 19, 2017 
why President Donald Trump would have said in the last 2 days he thought that firing Comey would be applauded in a bipartisan fashion, because he knew all of these quotes from Demo-cratic leaders, mainstream leaders that are mainstream media-leading publica-tions weighed in demanding Comey’s resignation. President Trump demands his resignation or fires him. So it seems to me President Trump is in a situation where it is understand-able he would think the Democrats would appreciate him firing Comey, just like Republicans. I know President Trump is relatively new to politics, but hopefully this is a lesson to President Trump. Just be-cause Democratic leaders and the mainstream media say one thing in righteous indignation one day does not mean they are not going to turn around and say exactly the opposite the very next day or the next month. The President, I know he is learn-ing—he is a quick learner—but he is bound to learning as he goes. You can’t always trust what a Democratic leader says one moment, because they may turn around and completely contradict themselves immediately thereafter. So I think if the President just relies on what our Democratic Senators and House Members said, he will be in good stead. And I think the country is better off, depending on who is appointed, but I have faith it will be an improvement. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO BOARD OF VISITORS TO THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Mem-ber on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY , Florida 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida (at the re-quest of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for after 3:30 p.m. on May 18 and the balance of the week on account of family obligations in the district. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 56 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, May 22, 2017, at noon for morning-hour debate. EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 1384. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics, Department of Defense, transmitting a report on the Defense Production Act (DPA) Title III Fund for Fiscal Year 2016, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 4534(f)(3); Sept. 8, 1950, ch. 932, title III, Sec. 304 (as added by Public Law 111-67, Sec. 7); (123 Stat. 2017); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 1385. A letter from the Acting Director, Fi-nancial Crimes Enforcement Network, De-partment of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Imposition of Spe-cial Measure Against North Korea as a Juris-diction of Primary Money Laundering Con-cern (RIN: 1506-AB35) received May 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 1386. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of Elementary and Secondary Education, De-partment of Education, transmitting the De-partment’s final priorities, requirements, definitions, and selection criteria — Striving Readers Comprehensive Literacy (SRCL) Program [CFDA Number: 84.371C] [Docket ID: ED-2015-OESE-0129] (RIN: 1810-AB25) re-ceived May 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 1387. A letter from the Associate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Connect America Fund [WC Docket No.: 10-90]; ETC Annual Reports and Certifications [WC Docket No.: 14-58]; Developing a Unified Intercarrier Compensation Regime [CC Docket No.: 01-92] received May 17, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1388. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12170 of November 14, 1979, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1389. A letter from the Director, Inter-national Cooperation, Department of De-fense, transmitting Pursuant to Section 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act and Execu-tive Order 13637, Transmittal No. 05-17 in-forming of an intent to sign Amendment One to the Memorandum of Understanding Among Canada, the Kingdom of Denmark, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Kingdom of the Netherlands, New Zealand, and the United States of America; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1390. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting the De-partment’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 1391. A letter from the Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting the Chief Human Capital Officers (CHCO) Coun-cil’s Report to Congress for Fiscal Years 2014-2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 1401 note; Pub-lic Law 107-296, Sec. 1303(d); (116 Stat. 2289); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 1392. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Navy UNDET, Apra Outer Harbor and Piti, GU [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0214] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received May 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1393. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Bush River, Harford County, MD [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0067] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received May 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1394. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway and In-dian Creek, Miami, FL [Docket No.: USCG- 2015-0768] (RIN: 1625-AA09) received May 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 1395. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Hebda Cup Rowing Regatta; Detroit River, Trenton Channel; Wyandotte, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0305] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received May 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1396. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Chapel Street over Mill River Bridge Rehabilitation — New Haven, CT [Docket No.: USCG-2017- 0257] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 1397. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Security Zone; Schuylkill River, Philadelphia, PA [Docket No.: USCGF-2017-0152] (RIN: 1625- AA87) received May 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 1725. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the treatment of medical evidence provided by non-Department of Veterans Affairs medical professionals in support of claims for dis-ability compensation under the laws admin-istered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–133). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 1329. A bill to increase, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.045 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4388 May 19, 2017 
effective as of December 1, 2017, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-con-nected disabilities and the rates of depend-ency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, to amend title 38, United States Code, to im-prove the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, to improve the processing of claims by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, and for other purposes; with amend-ments (Rept. 115–134). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 2288. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–135). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S HUSTER , and Mr. D
EFAZIO): H.R. 2548. A bill to reauthorize the pro-grams and activities of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself and Mr. O’R
OURKE ): H.R. 2549. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the administration of the educational as-sistance programs of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. H
ARPER ): H.R. 2550. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an incre-mental expansion of telehealth coverage under the Medicare program; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama): H.R. 2551. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand the exclusion for employer-provided educational assistance and to expand the availability of the student loan interest deduction; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Mr. B
LUM, Mr. B RAT, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-zona, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. W EB-
STER of Florida, and Mr. B IGGS): H.R. 2552. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the inclusion in gross income of Social Security benefits; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BARR (for himself, Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mrs. L OVE, Mrs. W AG-
NER, Mr. D UFFY , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. EMMER , Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. D A-
VIDSON , Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. W IL-
LIAMS ): H.R. 2553. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to bring the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection into the regular appropriations process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. SOTO (for himself, Mrs. M
UR-
PHY of Florida, Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C RIST, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida): H.R. 2554. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to establish a program that automatically enrolls certain commu-nity college graduates into 4-year public in-stitutions of higher education; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. LOVE (for herself and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 2555. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ensure compliance of medical facilities of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs with requirements relating to the scheduling of appointments, to require appointment by the President and confirma-tion by the Senate of certain health care of-ficials of the Department, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, and Ms. M
ATSUI ): H.R. 2556. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand access to tele-health services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. M
ULLIN , and Mr. R USH): H.R. 2557. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of certain DNA Specimen Provenance Assay clinical diag-nostic laboratory tests; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-self, Mr. L
ONG, and Mr. P ETERS ): H.R. 2558. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to issue guid-ance with respect to three-dimensional human tissue models, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. P
AULSEN ): H.R. 2559. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to treat bicycle sharing systems as mass transit facilities for pur-poses of the qualified transportation fringe; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GAETZ (for himself, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. D UNN, Mr. D UNCAN  of Tennessee, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OO-
NEY of Florida, Mr. M AST, and Mr. Y
OHO): H.R. 2560. A bill to amend the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act to encourage elimination of lionfish from United States waters by allow-ing individuals to exchange lionfish for tags authorizing fishing for certain species in ad-dition to the number of such species other-wise authorized to be taken by such individ-uals, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH (for himself and Mr. REICHERT ): H.R. 2561. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to permit uniformed law en-forcement officers to carry agency-issued firearms in certain Federal facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 2562. A bill to improve access to pre-scription drugs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida (for him-self, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida): H.R. 2563. A bill to codify the Small Busi-ness Administration’s Entrepreneurial Edu-cation Initiative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. L
OBIONDO (for himself, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. J ONES , Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Geor-gia, Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, and Mr. G
ALLAGHER ): H.R. 2564. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require an annual report on the personnel, training, and equipment needs of the non-federalized National Guard; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 2565. A bill to require the use of re-placement cost value in determining the pre-mium rates for flood insurance coverage under the National Flood Insurance Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself and Ms. B
ONAMICI ): H.R. 2566. A bill to direct the Federal Trade Commission to prescribe rules prohibiting deceptive advertising of abortion services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 2567. A bill to establish certain duties for pharmacies to ensure provision of Food and Drug Administration-approved contra-ception, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. M OON-
EYof West Virginia, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio): H.R. 2568. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce to conduct a study of the feasibility of estab-lishing an ethane storage and distribution hub in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PERLMUTTER (for himself and Mr. G
ALLAGHER ): H.R. 2569. A bill to promote transparency in health care pricing, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 2570. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to clarify that the points and fees in connection with a mortgage loan do not include certain compensation amounts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.023 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4389 May 19, 2017 
already taken into account in setting the in-terest rate on such loan, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. POSEY (for himself and Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ): H.R. 2571. A bill to amend title 51 of the United States Code to improve the safety of commercial space flight operations by au-thorizing the operation of aircraft with ex-perimental certificates carrying persons or property to support research and training for space flight participants and crew, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD (for herself, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Ms. L OFGREN , Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. S IRES, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. S
OTO, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C
ORREA , and Ms. S A´NCHEZ ): H.R. 2572. A bill to establish humane prac-tices for the repatriation of aliens at the bor-der, establish effective standards for the treatment of certain aliens in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 2573. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to authorize additional grant activities for Hispanic-serving institu-tions; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 2574. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to help build a stronger health care workforce; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P AS-
CRELL , and Ms. D ELBENE): H.R. 2575. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a system to educate individuals approaching Medicare eligibility, to simplify and modernize the eli-gibility enrollment process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 2576. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the tax treatment of small business start-up savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SINEMA (for herself, Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. P OLIS, Mrs. L
OVE, and Mr. C RIST): H.R. 2577. A bill to establish an employ-ment-based immigrant visa for alien entre-preneurs who have received significant cap-ital from investors to establish a business in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. SLAUGHTER (for herself and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 2578. A bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the National Labor Relations Act to protect the health benefits of retirees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 2579. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 2580. A bill to simplify and improve the Federal student loan program through income-contingent repayment to provide stronger protections for borrowers, encour-age responsible borrowing, and save money for taxpayers; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARINO (for himself and Mr. MCGOVERN ): H. Con. Res. 58. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing support for a month to be known as Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. L EE, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. K
IND, Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. N OLAN , Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. C AS-
TROof Texas, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. N AD-
LER, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C ARSON of In-diana, Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. C RIST, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, and Mr. K EATING ): H. Res. 344. A resolution recognizing the contributions of senior volunteers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. N EAL, Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, and Mr. Y
ARMUTH ): H. Res. 345. A resolution urging the Presi-dent to faithfully carry out the Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. N
EWHOUSE , and Mr. P ANETTA ): H. Res. 346. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that specialty crops are a vital part of agriculture in the United States, and that Congress should fund programs that support specialty crops; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Ms. W
IL-
SONof Florida, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. K
APTUR , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Ms. N
ORTON , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. B
OST, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. E VANS , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. R USH): H. Res. 347. A resolution expressing support for designation of May 2017 as ‘‘National Brain Tumor Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BARLETTA: H.R. 2548. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause l (relating to providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) and Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian tribes) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws nec-essary and proper for carrying out the pow-ers vested in Congress). By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 2549. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 2550. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Sec 1 By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 2551. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I By Mr. MASSIE: H.R. 2552. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority for the Sen-ior Citizens Tax Elimination Act is found in Article I, Section 8, which gives Congress the power to lay and collect taxes. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 2553. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (Article I, Section 9, Clause 7: No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in Con-sequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time) By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 2554. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 2555. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 2556. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Article I Sec-tion 8 By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 2557. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 2558. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19MY7.100 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4390 May 19, 2017 
By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 2559. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes . . .’’ By Mr. GAETZ: H.R. 2560. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH: H.R. 2561. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 2562. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 2563. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. L
OBIONDO: H.R. 2564. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 2565. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Additionally, Article 1, Section 7, Clause 2 of the Constitution allows for every bill passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be codified into law; and therefore implicitly al-lows Congress to repeal any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 2566. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 2567. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 2568. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States but all duties, imposts, and ex-cises shall be uniform throughout. By Mr. PERLMUTTER: H.R. 2569. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 2570. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—‘‘The Con-gress shall have the power to . . . regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes;’’ By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 2571. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States: The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States: The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: H.R. 2572. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. RU1Z: H.R. 2573. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws nec-essary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 2574. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws nec-essary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. By Mr. RU1Z: H.R. 2575. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws nec-essary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 2576. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution By Ms. SINEMA: H.R. 2577. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article. I. Section 8. By Ms. SLAUGHTER: H.R. 2578. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8. By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 2579. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 2580. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 113: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. M ENG, and Ms. Vela´zquez. H.R. 291: Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. R
UTHERFORD , and Mr. B OST. H.R. 355: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 377: Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. D AVID-
SON, and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 426: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 448: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 468: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 480: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 490: Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. B UDD, Mr. K ELLY  of Mississippi, and Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 539: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 545: Mr. W
ITTMAN and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 620: Mr. R
USHand Mr. E MMER , H.R. 631: Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. T
URNER , Mr. B RAT, and Mr. B UDD. H.R. 635: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 669: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 695: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 731: Ms. L
EE, Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 758: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 790: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´Nand Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 795: Mr. K
ING of New York, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. H
UFFMAN , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 807: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 817: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 820: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 821: Mr. E
LLISON , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 823: Mr. E
NGEL and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 828: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 846: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Ms. R OSEN , Mr. I
SSA, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 851: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 861: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 873: Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. I SSA, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. K ELLY of Penn- sylvania, Mr. E
STES of Kansas, and Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 881: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 904: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 916: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 930: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. C RIST, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. B ARR, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. K
INZINGER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 1046: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 1057: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1071: Mr. O’R
OURKE and Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 1098: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 1116: Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , and Mr. B
OST. H.R. 1143: Mr. C
A´RDENAS and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 1155: Mr. M
OOLENAAR and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1200: Mr. G
OHMERT and Mrs. M URPHY  of Florida. H.R. 1205: Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. P ETERSON , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. H IGGINS of New York. and Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 1207: Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. B AR-
TON, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.032 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4391 May 19, 2017 
CONAWAY , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. F LORES , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. H URD, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. D
OGGETT , and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 1208: Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. B AR-
TON, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. C
ONAWAY , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. F LORES , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. H URD, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. D
OGGETT , and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 1209: Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. B AR-
TON, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. C
ONAWAY , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. F LORES , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. H URD, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. D
OGGETT , and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 1210: Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. B AR-
TON, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. C
ONAWAY , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. F LORES , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. H URD, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. D
OGGETT , and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 1211: Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. B AR-
TON, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. C
ONAWAY , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. F LORES , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. H URD, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. D
OGGETT , and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 1212: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 1222: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 1225: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 1232: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 1310: Ms. P
LASKETT . H.R. 1318: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 1341: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1358: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 1361: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 1377: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 1379: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1406: Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 1421: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1439: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 1445: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 1456: Mr. C
OURTNEY and Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER . H.R. 1474: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1475: Mr. SCHNEIDER and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 1528: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 1566: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 1647: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 1663: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1680: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 1683: Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. I SSA, Mr. R
EED, Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 1697: Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 1730: Mr. G
AETZ and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 1761: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 1772: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 1777: Mr. K
ING of New York, Mr. K
INZINGER , and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 1817: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 1821: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1832: Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , and Ms. D EGETTE . H.R. 1921: Mr. D
UNN. H.R. 1943: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 1949: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 1953: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 1970: Mr. A
BRAHAM and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 1973: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. P
AULSEN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. H.R. 2002: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2015: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 2044: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. K IND, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 2052: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mrs. L OVE, Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. M EE-
HAN, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. G AL-
LAGHER , Mr. C OFFMAN , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mrs. N OEM, Mrs. W AG-
NER, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. C RIST, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali- fornia, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. O’H ALLERAN , and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 2056: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 2062: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 2068: Mr. E
LLISON and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. H.R. 2084: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2099: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 2106: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2119: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY and Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 2120: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 2134: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 2135: Mr. E
LLISON and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 2147: Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 2174: Mr. W
ESTERMAN and Mr. B ANKS  of Indiana. H.R. 2175: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2197: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 2207: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 2208: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 2209: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 2230: Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. R OSEN , and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 2240: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 2262: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 2327: Mr. K
IND, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. E VANS , Mr. Y OHO, Mrs. B ROOKS  of Indiana, and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 2328: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, and Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 2340: Mr. G
OSAR and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 2353: Mr. H
ULTGREN and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 2358: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. R OSEN , and Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 2369: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida and Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 2383: Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 2392: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 2399: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 2428: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 2434: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 2452: Mr. R
USHand Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 2472: Mr. D
OGGETT and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2495: Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2532: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 2541: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H. Con. Res. 8: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H. Con. Res. 20: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H. Con. Res. 51: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 30: Mr. K
NIGHT and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H. Res. 69: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H. Res. 218: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H. Res. 274: Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. B
UDD, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. M
EEHAN . H. Res. 279: Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali- fornia, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , and Ms. R OSEN . H. Res. 309: Mrs. B
EATTY , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H. Res. 311: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H. Res. 320: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H. Res. 341: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida and Mr. P
ETERS . f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS Under clause 2 of rule XV, the fol-lowing discharge petition was filed: 
Petition 2, May 17, 2017, by Mr. SWALWELL of California on H.R. 356, was signed by the following Members: Mr. Swalwell of California, Mr. Cummings, Ms. Lofgren, Ms. Jayapal, Mr. Crist, Mr. Cart-wright, Mr. Doggett, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Kil-dee, Mr. Hastings, Mr. Nadler, Mr. Capuano, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Khanna, Ms. Hanabusa, Mr. Lynch, Ms. Lee, Mr. Ben Ray Luja ´n of New Mexico, Mr. Brown of Maryland, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Mr. Takano, Mr. Carbajal, Mrs. Murphy of Florida, Mr. Correa, Ms. Kuster of New Hampshire, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Mr. Norcross, Mr. Polis, Mr. Kilmer, Ms. Adams, Ms. Brownley of California, Mr. Krishnamoorthi, Mr. Peters, Ms. Meng, Mr. Lipinski, Mr. Beyer, Mrs. Bustos, Mr. Aguilar, Ms. Blunt Rochester, Mr. Moulton, Mr. Al Green of Texas, Mr. McGovern, Mrs. Torres, Mr. Engel, Ms. Vela´zquez, Mr. Schneider, Mr. Heck, Mr. Bera, Ms. Esty of Connecticut, Ms. Roybal-Allard, Mr. O’Halleran, Ms. DelBene, Mr. Schiff, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Raskin, Ms. Slaughter, Mr. Rup-persberger, Mr. Kihuen, Mr. Keating, Mr. Lowenthal, Mrs. Beatty, Mrs. Watson Cole-man, Ms. Castor of Florida, Mr. Yarmuth, Ms. McCollum, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.025 H19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4392 May 19, 2017 
Ruiz, Mr. Butterfield, Ms. Sewell of Ala-bama, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Ms. Moore, Mr. Langevin, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Ms. Rosen, Mrs. Demings, Ms. Titus, Mr. Espaillat, Ms. Bonamici, Mr. Brendan F. Boyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Hoyer, Mr. Lewis of Georgia, Miss Rice of New York, Ms. Clark of Massachusetts, Mr. Serrano, Mr. Garamendi, Mr. Pascrell, Ms. Sinema, Mr. Thompson of California, Mr. Pa-netta, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Sar-banes, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Ca´rdenas, Mr. Gallego, Mr. Welch, Mr. Perlmutter, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Soto, Mr. Delaney, Mr. Lawson of Florida, Mr. DeSaulnier, Mr. Evans, Ms. Clarke of New York, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, Mr. Cleaver, Mr. Clyburn, Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Mr. Jones, Mr. Vela, Ms. Jack-son Lee, Mr. Peterson, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Walz, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Mr. Levin, Mr. McEachin, Mr. Grijalva, Mr. David Scott of Georgia, Mr. Cicilline, Mr. Meeks, Mr. McNerney, Mr. Sires, Mr. Clay, Ms. Bass, Mrs. Davis of California, Ms. Matsui, Ms. Judy Chu of California, Ms. Fudge, Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania, Ms. Sa ´nchez, Mr. Blumenauer, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Loebsack, Mr. Quigley, Mrs. Dingell, Mr. DeFazio, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mr. Coo-per, Mr. Suozzi, Mr. Neal, Ms. Wilson of Flor-ida, Mrs. Lawrence, Ms. Barraga ´n, Mrs. Lowey, Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Veasey, Mr. Scott of Virginia, Mr. Foster, Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Ms. DeLauro, Mrs. Carolyn B. Malo-ney of New York, Ms. Gabbard, Mr. O’Rourke, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. Gottheimer, Mr. Ted Lieu of California, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. Smith of Washington, Mr. Tonko, Mr. Ryan of Ohio, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Mr. Gonzalez of Texas, Mr. Carson of Indi-ana, Mr. Castro of Texas, Mr. Deutch, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Sherman, Mr. Rush, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Mr. Nolan, Ms. Speier, Ms. Shea-Porter, Mr. Higgins of New York, Ms. Pelosi, Ms. Pingree, Mr. Pocan, Mr. Schrader, Mr. Himes, Mr. Crowley, Ms. DeGette, Mr. Cuellar, Mr. Vargas, Ms. Scha-kowsky, Mr. Larson of Connecticut, Mr. Costa, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Kind, Mr. Payne, and Ms. Kaptur. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Member added his name to the following discharge peti-tion: 
Petition 1 by Ms. ESHOO on H.R. 305: Mr. J
ONES . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.030 H19MYPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE673 May 19, 2017 
CONGRATULATING PRESIDENT TSAI ING-WEN OF TAIWAN 
HON. JOE BARTON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, May 20th, is the first anniversary of President Tsai Ing-wen’s inauguration. Having met President Tsai twice during her first year in office, I would like to congratulate her and the people of Taiwan on this occasion. Taiwan has become a vibrant democracy, where power at the presidential level has been peacefully transferred from one political party to another three times—most recently in last year’s election. Taiwan’s democracy is a shin-ing example for both the Asia-Pacific region, and for the world. At the same time, Taiwan has endeavored to be a good global citizen. Mr. Speaker, I treasure the U.S.-Taiwan re-lationship, which is one between like-minded friends who share the same values. I admire the distance the people of Taiwan have come in the face of many challenges. As a friend to Taiwan, I commend its people and President Tsai on this anniversary. 
f 
RAPID DNA ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 510, the Rapid DNA Act of 2017. The Rapid DNA Act, or H.R. 510, will aid law enforcement in its effort to solve cases and bring justice to the victims of crimes. In particular, victims of rape and sexual assault will be able to regain peace of mind because this legislation increases the likelihood that these perpetrators will be captured. The lan-guage of the Rapid DNA Act gives law en-forcement investigators the ability to facilitate the quick testing of DNA tests, such as rape kits. DNA material is sensitive and has only a limited time before it is rendered useless. This act addresses the issue by removing some of the preexisting regulations and red tape that have hindered this process in the past. It is a disservice to the American people to deny them the results from a Rape Kit. They deserve the truth. The Constitution of the United States ensures that every citizen of the United States of America has the right to pri-vacy, as stated in the Fourth Amendment to the Bill of Rights of the U.S. Constitution. The Rapid DNA Act of 2017 will increase the chance that those who committed such wrongs and those who have inhumanely vio-lated the basic rights and dignity of another person are brought to justice by streamlining the process and by reducing regulations around the testing of these kits. H.R. 510 would provide amendments to the DNA Identification Act of 1994 and the DNA Backlog Analysis Backlog Act of 2000 that re-quire more external regulation for all Rapid DNA tests. Organizations performing such tests would still be audited by the Federal gov-ernment to ensure the quality of test. It will also be accredited by credible, nonprofit insti-tutions that will lend the imprimatur of reli-ability. I fully support this measure and I am firmly committed to bringing justice to offenders of these crimes. This bill will provide relief to the countless victims of sexual assault. Rape kits often go untested because of existing regula-tions that make it more difficult to test such time sensitive data. I support this legislation. f 
TRIBUTE TO MAXINE MARTENS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ms. Max-ine Martens on the occasion of her 100th birthday. Maxine, along with her family and friends, celebrated on April 24th. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Maxine’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Maxine has lived through eighteen United States Presidents and twenty- four Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Maxine Martens in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join me in con-gratulating Maxine on reaching this incredible milestone, and in wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING SPIRIT XPLOSION 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable profes-sional minority business Spirit Xplosion Home of CE All Stars of Cleveland, Mississippi. Mrs. Kimetria Parks, owner/coach is a na-tive of Holly Springs, Mississippi. She moved to Cleveland, Mississippi in 1999 while attend-ing Delta State University. She’s married to Mr. Christopher Parks, Co-Owner/Coach and they have two beautiful daughters named Paris Kaitlyn Parks and Layken Parks. Mrs. Parks earned a Bachelor of Business Adminis-tration in 2003 and a Masters of Business Ad-ministration in 2013 from Delta State Univer-sity. She is the Finance Officer of Mississippi United to End Homelessness and owner/ coach of Spirit Xplosion Home of CE All Stars. She fellowships with St. Peter MB Church in Sunflower, Mississippi. Mr. Parks graduated from Delta State University in 2005 with a Bachelor of Science in General Studies and Minor in Family Consumer Science and Crimi-nal Justice, and in 2012 with a Masters in Physical Education with an Emphasis on Human Performance. She has a great love and compassion for young people. Her ministry is to inspire young people to excel in all things with God’s leading and to encourage women. Everything she does is done with the spirit of excellence. Her motto is: ‘‘If I can help somebody then her liv-ing is not in vain.’’ She loves God whole- heartedly and thrives to live according to his will and his way; not just on Sunday, but every day. She’s a genuine giver and does it cheer-fully. Everything she has God gave it to her, everything she owns God has blessed her with it, and she has faith the size of a mustard seed and know that it’s not over until God says it’s over. Spirit Xplosion Home of CE All Stars was established in 2011 and kicked off their first season in February, 2012. Their competitive teams have won several UCA, Athletic Cham-pionship, Jam Fest, Deep South, WSA, and local competitions. They strongly believe that their success originates from the dedication and commitment of the athletes and parents. Furthermore, they realize the importance of hard work, discipline, a family atmosphere, and perhaps most importantly—fun. Each child is an individual and is treated as such to instill confidence and a sense of personal accom-plishment. Their main focus is to prepare chil-dren for the challenges that lie ahead of them. Their ability to work as a team, striving toward a common goal, will prove to be a lifelong skill. The encouragement to reach that goal is CE All-Stars passion. Spirit Xplosion Home of CE All Stars com-petitive teams are not recreational. They train to compete at a high level of intensity. Two of their main goals are to create award winning routines, and to be an active group in the community. This type of goal requires commit-ment to attendance and structured workouts. Spirit Xplosion Home of CE All-Stars athletes commit twelve months to the program. CE All- Stars is a family and love building new rela-tionships with everyone that walks through their doors. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing an outstanding minority busi-ness in the Mississippi Delta. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY8.001 E19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE674 May 19, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN SOLDIER AIR FORCE STAFF SERGEANT (SSGT) JOHN THOMAS SELF 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen soldier Air Force Staff Sergeant (SSGT) John Thomas Self who paid the ultimate sacrifice while de-fending our nation on May 14, 2007, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. SSGT Self was killed by an improvised explosive device in an attack that wounded three other airmen near Baghdad, Iraq, during his fourth tour of duty. SSGT Self was assigned to the 314th Secu-rity Forces Squadron, Little Rock Air Force Base, Arkansas. A fire team leader with De-tachment 3,732 Expeditionary Security Forces Squadron, SSGT Self was on his 79th combat patrol when he was killed. His detachment was tasked with training Iraqi police. Self’s mother, Jill Self, told the Associated Press that he volunteered for his fourth tour of duty be-cause he wanted to serve his country. He was only home from his third tour of duty for a few weeks before he volunteered for his fourth tour. SSGT Self was born on November 2, 1977 in Tupelo, MS. He graduated from South Pontotoc High School, where he was a trum-pet player in the marching band. He joined the Air Force in 1999 after attending Itawamba Community College. SSGT Self’s mother, Jill Self, told the Associated Press, ‘‘He loved to deer hunt and fish and play computer games. He was a loving child. He was there for his family and friends. I loved him very much and he’s going to be missed.’’ SSGT Self is survived by his mother and step father, Jill Long Self and Terry L. Self; his sisters, Misty D. Gann and Sandy Pennington, and his brothers, Ronnie Self and Sam Self. He is preceded in death by his father Robert A. Self. The sacrifice of this brave soldier will always be remembered. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MARINA WHITMAN FOR HER ACCOM-PLISHED CAREER AS AN ECONO-MIST 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Marina Whitman on the date of her retirement from the University of Michigan for her distinguished career over half a century as a world-renowned economist and extraor-dinary woman. Dr. Whitman helped forge a path for generations of women as she rose to the top of government, business and aca-demia throughout her career and broke down barriers for all of us. Many do not know that Dr. Whitman is the daughter of renowned mathematician John von Neumann, one of the foremost mathemati-cians and scholars of the 20th century. He is recognized as inventing game theory, pio-neering developments in computer science and contributing to the Manhattan Project, among other achievements. Marina charted her own course and outgrew her father’s shadow early in her career, leaving a mark wherever she went. After receiving her doctorate in Columbia University, Dr. Whitman began her career in academia with the University of Pittsburgh in 1962, eventually being named a Distinguished Public Service Professor with the university. She then took a leave of absence to serve with the federal government, first as an econo-mist with the President’s Council of Economic Advisors, then on President Nixon’s National Price Commission. As the first woman to be named to the President’s Council of Economic Advisors, Dr. Whitman wrote about how the media focused not on her intellectual achieve-ments, but instead ‘‘talk[ed] about what I looked like and that my eye shadow matched my dress. Some woman from the Pittsburgh Press wanted to know how my daughter’s ger-bil survived the trip to Washington.’’ After serving in government, Dr. Whitman worked as a Vice President and Chief Econo-mist for General Motors from 1979 to 1985, and Vice President and Group Executive for Public Affairs until 1992. During this time, she oversaw GM’s economics policies, as well as its environmental and industry-government re-lations activities. At the time, she was the highest ranking woman in the United States automotive industry. Since 1994, Dr. Whitman has been a Pro-fessor of Business Administration and Public Policy at the University of Michigan. Her work has focused on international trade and labor markets, and she is well-known internationally for her expertise on corporate governance and social responsibility. As one of the nation’s foremost economists, Dr. Whitman has conducted pioneering re-search which helped to reshape international monetary and financial systems. She contrib-uted to the success of one of America’s larg-est corporations and worked to educate the auto industry about the changing dynamics of globalization and its impact on the industry. Her work and research has transformed our understanding of economics. She has been widely recognized for her outstanding work, having served on the boards of the National Bureau of Economic Research and the Insti-tute for Advanced Study. Additionally, Dr. Whitman has received numerous awards throughout her career and holds honorary de-grees from over twenty colleges and univer-sities. Even more significant than the mark she has left on many institutions is the mentoring of women she has done for a lifetime. I am lucky to have benefitted from that personally and do not believe I would stand here today without the benefit of her wisdom. Dr. Whit-man sees her role as having been front and center in a transitional generation. She coaxed social change from inside the places where policy decisions are made or demanded it from outside—a generation that demarcated before this and after this. She observed, ‘‘I lit-erally transitioned from the world in which women were secretaries and were not allowed to matriculate at the Harvard Business School to a world in which we have women who are CEOs of corporations . . . and I’m the in-be-tween.’’ Her patience, wisdom and pragmatism guided generations of women in both the workplace and the realism of how to do it all including being a parent, a spouse and a child of the sandwich generation. She leaves behind a peerless record of suc-cess, and I wish her well as she moves on from her position at the University of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Marina Whitman for her out-standing career as an economist. Her extraor-dinary work has impacted countless lives. f 
TRIBUTE TO MARCY WORDEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Marcy Worden of Council Bluffs, Iowa, who recently retired after 25 years of dedicated service to Council Bluffs as the City Clerk. Marcy’s career with the City of Council Bluffs started in April 1991. She joined the Parks and Recreation and Public Property De-partment as a clerk-typist, and in 1995 she transferred to the City Clerk’s office. In 2002, the City Council appointed her the deputy City Clerk and promoted her to the City Clerk in 2009. Marcy said she estimates that she has attended 191 city council meetings during her tenure, and that her retirement is ‘‘bitter-sweet.’’ She remarked, ‘‘There are lots of peo-ple I’ll miss in City Hall.’’ Council Bluffs Mayor Matt Walsh said, ‘‘She’s done a great job and will be missed.’’ Mr. Speaker, Marcy has made a difference by helping and serving others and it is with great honor that I recognize her today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in honoring her ac-complishments and in wishing her nothing but the best in her retirement. 
f 
HONORING MALDONADO FAMILY VINEYARDS 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jose Guadalupe and Hugo Maldonado, co-founders of Maldonado Family Vineyards. Their hard work and dedica-tion to the art of viticulture is evident in their carefully crafted single-vineyard wines. Guadalupe, or ‘Lupe’ as he is warmly re-ferred to, immigrated to the United States in 1962 from the small farming community of Atacheo de Regalado in Michoaca´n, Mexico, where he managed his family’s goat herd in the mountains. In 1971, while working for Ster-ling Vineyards, Lupe was asked to aid in the development of a winery for vintner Peter Newton, where he served as vineyard man-ager for over thirty years. Inspired by his fa-ther’s work in the field, Hugo pursued a formal education in enology and viticulture at the Uni-versity of California Davis. Hugo succeeded his father in his role as vineyard manager in 1999. In 2007 Lupe and Hugo broke ground on a small hillside just outside of Calistoga and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.004 E19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE675 May 19, 2017 
began to form the family’s own wine caves and winemaking facility to establish Maldonado Family Vineyards. In their 13 years, the facility has grown from 250 cases to more than 10,000 cases of wine. Together Hugo and Lupe shaped Maldonado Family Vineyards to reflect their family history. On their label the words ‘Farm Worker’ can be found to note the family’s decades of caring for and tending to vines. Hugo traveled to Washington, D.C. this week as part of a group of Mexican-American vintners to support the mission of the Smithso-nian Institution. They shared their amazing stories of immigration, sacrifice and determina-tion and helped the attendees understand the vital contributions Mexican Americans make to our economy and community. Mr. Speaker, Lupe and Hugo Maldonado have cultivated a winery which not only re-flects their family history and Mexican Amer-ican heritage, but honors the skilled laborer. I am proud to have such dedicated business owners living and working in our community. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor them here today. 
f 
HONORING MARY HARRISON LEE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Mrs. Mary Harrison Lee who was born on July 22, 1939 in Manila, Philippines to Ida Lloren. She was adopted at an early age by Reverend and Mrs. Ernest Harrison. Her adopted father was a chaplain in the army giv-ing her the opportunity to live in many places, such as Captieux, France, Erlangen, Ger-many, Fort Riley, Kansas, and San Antonio, Texas. Mary graduated from Rochefort American High School in France. Upon returning to the United States, she visited Tougaloo College and immediately fell in love with its quaint-ness, intimacy, the hanging moss from the oak trees, and the family atmosphere. She was convinced that this was where she wanted to spend her next four years and enrolled in the upcoming semester. She became a member of the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. on December 13, 1959. She felt the plight of the Civil Rights move-ment and volunteered to become a Freedom Rider. Mary helped lead a ‘‘sit-in’’ at the Trail-ways Bus Station in Downtown Jackson. She was arrested and jailed during this protest. She did not waiver from the overall mission to gain equality for African Americans. As a re-sult, on June 23, 1961, Freedom Riders from Tougaloo College set a precedent and be-came the first residents of Mississippi to lead in the movement. While at Tougaloo College, Mary met and fell in love with Gene Lee. They were married in 1963. She and Gene were natural edu-cators. Mary dedicated her working career educating youth. She began as a teacher in Picayune, Mississippi; later moving to Kansas City, Missouri. In 1973, she relocated with her family to Germany and taught within the De-partment of Defense American School system. In 1981, Mary and her family returned to the United States and settled in Jackson, Mis-sissippi, where she retired in 2001 as Principal from Boyd Elementary School. Mary and Gene were blessed with three beautiful children: Geno (Angie), Daryl (Cassie), and Angel (Chris), and eight grandchildren: Jessica, Tori, Gabby, Nick, Bella, Alexa, McKenzie, and Malita. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mrs. Mary Harrison Lee for her dedication to serving. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I mistakenly voted no when I meant to vote yes on roll call vote no. 266. 
f 
HONORING BURAK M. GUVENSOYLAR 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a very special member of my staff, Burak Guvensoylar, who lost his courageous battle with cancer this past weekend. Burak was a valued member of the Judici-ary Committee team and worked on a variety of issues, including digital privacy and intellec-tual property. His vast knowledge and grasp of the issues impacting the technology commu-nity was a tremendous asset to the Com-mittee. Most recently, Burak’s work included the development of the Committee’s Innova-tion and Competitiveness Agenda, and his steadfast work and tenacious attitude were not only essential to making this initiative a suc-cess, but were also a testament to his char-acter. In fact, while he was undergoing inten-sive cancer treatments, he was actively work-ing and sending follow up emails from his hos-pital bed. And just days before Burak passed away he met with FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai to discuss a number of Judiciary Committee priorities. For Burak, nothing could prevent him from an opportunity to discuss and ad-vance the policies he was so passionate about. Burak was a true technology policy enthu-siast. Prior to joining the staff of the Judiciary Committee, Burak served as a Legislative Ad-visor for Congressman Randy Forbes. While working for Congressman Forbes, Burak han-dled the diverse range of issues that fall under the jurisdiction of the Judiciary Committee but it was always evident that technology policy was his first love. He co-founded the Congres-sional Tech Staff Association and served as an Executive Officer responsible for the pro-fessional development program. Prior to his career on Capitol Hill, Burak worked at TechAmerica and CompTIA focusing on inter-national trade policy. Burak has many friends here in the halls of Congress, on both sides of the aisle. I know all of you will join me in extending our deepest sympathies to his mother Filiz Guvensoylar, his sister Aylin Forbes, his girlfriend Ashley Newsome, and all of his loved ones. Burak will be deeply missed. f 
TRIBUTE TO KEITH KINYON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Keith Kinyon for his many years of service to the American Legion and to his country. Keith was recently honored for being a 70-year member with the American Legion. The American Legion was chartered and in-corporated by Congress in 1919 as a patriotic veterans organization devoted to mutual help-fulness. The organization is committed to mentoring youth and sponsorship of whole-some programs in communities, advocating patriotism and honor and continued devotion to their fellow service members and veterans. Mr. Speaker, I commend Keith for his serv-ice to our country’s veterans and his dedica-tion to his community. It is an honor to rep-resent him in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the House of Rep-resentatives join me in commending Keith for his outstanding service and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 2017 CONGRES-SIONAL ART COMPETITION 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, once again, I come to the floor to recognize the great success of strong local schools working with dedicated parents and teachers. I rise today to congratulate and honor a number of outstanding high school artists from the 11th Congressional District of New Jersey. Each of these talented young men and women partici-pated in the 2017 Congressional Arts Com-petition, ‘‘An Artistic Discovery.’’ Their works of art are exceptional. Fifty-five participated. That is a wonderful response, and I would very much like to build on that participation for future competitions. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the winners of our art competition. First place was awarded to Barbara Benda from Nutley High School for her digital tablet painting entitled, ‘‘Don’t Look.’’ Second place was awarded to Emma Jang from West Morris Mendham High School for her acrylic entitled, ‘‘Wide Awake.’’ Third place was awarded to Emily Wang from Wayne Valley High School for her pen and ink entitled, ‘‘Black Rain.’’ Honorable Mentions were awarded to: Michelle Tolochko from Boonton High School for her acrylic entitled, ‘‘Self Portrait,’’ Ashley O’Brien from Montville Township High School for her watercolor entitled, ‘‘Aphrodite,’’ Jaclyn Larsen from Hanover Park High School for her digital photo entitled, ‘‘Messi,’’ and Christopher Cortez from the Passaic County Technical In-stitute for his acrylic entitled, ‘‘Shades of Beauty.’’ Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize each artist for their participation by indicating their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.007 E19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE676 May 19, 2017 
high school, their name and the title of their contest entries for the official R
ECORD . 
BOONTON HIGH SCHOOL  Kristen Dalrymple, ‘‘Ghost of you’’ Amanda Roberts, ‘‘Bitter Cold’’ Michelle Tolochko, ‘‘Self Portrait’’ Giancarlo Venturini, ‘‘My Friend Liz’’ 
DELBARTON SCHOOL  Tim Adami, ‘‘Victory’’ Sean Taylor, ‘‘The Alpine Adventurer’’ 
EASTERN CHRISTIAN HIGH SCHOOL  Steve Blanco, ‘‘Epitaph’’ Juliana Struyk, ‘‘Perception Of Fruit’’ 
HANOVER PARK HIGH SCHOOL  Valentina Mattfeld, ‘‘Dallas’’ Megan Canzonieri, ‘‘Ophelia’’ Jac1yn Larsen, ‘‘Messi’’ Sarah Court, ‘‘Dash’’ 
LIVINGSTON HIGH SCHOOL  Rachel Kogut, ‘‘Imagination’’ 
MEWE ART  Julia Hou, ‘‘Fire and Water’’ 
MONTVILLE TOWNSHIP HIGH SCHOOL  Madeleine Morris, ‘‘Wildflowers’’ Ashley O’Brien, ‘‘Aphrodite’’ Darrel Tsinadze, ‘‘Red Pearls’’ Alexander Tullo, ‘‘Samantha’s Columns’’ 
MORRISTOWN HIGH SCHOOL  Deanna C. Swanson, ‘‘Vanitas’’ 
MORRIS KNOLLS HIGH SCHOOL  Alyssa DeFilippis, ‘‘Melodic Vibes’’ Megan Ramos, ‘‘Angel’’ Divya Patel, ‘‘Lola’’ Claire Weber, ‘‘Livid’’ 
MORRIS CATHOLIC HIGH SCHOOL  Tina Yi, ‘‘Sadness’’ Yang Jason Yang, ‘‘Geometrics’’ 
MORRIS COUNTY SCHOOL OF TECHNOLOGY  Caroline Yorke, ‘‘Crime Scene’’ Brenna Corsi, ‘‘Grow’’ Alexa Metro, ‘‘True Colors’’ 
MOUNTAIN LAKES HIGH SCHOOL  Joy Xie, ‘‘We Grew Up Here’’ 
NUTLEY HIGH SCHOOL  Barbara Benda, ‘‘Don’t Look’’ Raven Cardone-Imor, ‘‘Tragic’’ Devin Lemongello, ‘‘Self Portrait’’ Joanne Salise, ‘‘Green Abstract’’ 
PARSIPPANY CHRISTIAN SCHOOL  Nohemy Zabala, ‘‘The Beautiful District of Columbia’’ Daniel Jordan McMillen, ‘‘The Other Side’’ Camille Dieppa, ‘‘The Lincoln Memorial’’ 
PARSIPPANY HILLS HIGH SCHOOL  Rachel Jacovsky, ‘‘American Pride’’ 
PASSAIC COUNTY TECHNICAL INSTITUTE  Christopher Cortez, ‘‘Shades of Beauty’’ Jamie Loverdi, ‘‘Retro Dine & Drive’’ 
PASSAIC VALLEY HIGH SCHOOL  Maya Adham, ‘‘Game-Boy’’ Danielle Burden, ‘‘OZ’’ Erika Duarte, ‘‘Red in Snow’’ Angelika Dulak, ‘‘Ro´z˙e’’ 
PEQUANNOCK TOWNSHIP HIGH SCHOOL  Julia Blahut, ‘‘Carbon Footprints’’ Thomas Carruthers, ‘‘Quiet Summer’’ 
WAYNE VALLEY HIGH SCHOOL  Madeline Corb, ‘‘Focus’’ Brooke Demore, ‘‘Look’’ Liz Rozenblat, ‘‘Great dangers await’’ Emily Wang, ‘‘Black Rain’’ 
WEST MORRIS MENDHAM HIGH SCHOOL  Matthew Fabrizio, ‘‘Jack in a Hat’’ Emma Jang, ‘‘I Donut Understand Puns’’ Maximilian Scheidl, ‘‘Life Goes On’’ Kayla O’Neill, ‘‘Where I’m Supposed to Be’’ 
WHIPPANY PARK HIGH SCHOOL  Eric Kahn, ‘‘Waves of Rock’’ Alex Maietta, ‘‘What Once Was’’ Each year the winner of the competition has their artwork displayed with other winners from across the country in a special corridor here at the U.S. Capitol. Thousands of our fellow Americans walk through the exhibition and are reminded of the vast talents of our young men and women. Indeed, all of these young artists are winners, and we should be proud of their achievements so early in life. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating these talented young people from New Jersey’s 11th Congressional District. 
f 
IN HONOR OF LT. GEN. THOMAS H. TACKABERRY 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Lieutenant Gen-eral Thomas H. Tackaberry, who passed away on Monday, April 3, 2017 at the age of 93. A Commander of the 18th Airborne Corps, 82nd Airborne Division, and Fort Bragg, as well as a veteran of World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War, Lt. Gen. Tackaberry is a true American hero and our thoughts and prayers go out to his friends and family as they mourn the loss of this great man. Thomas Tackaberry was a high school star in the classroom and on the track field, and when his country needed him the most, he stood ready to answer the call to serve our great nation. Lt. Gen. Tackaberry enlisted in the Army Reserve during World War II at the age of 19. After being commissioned as a Second Lieutenant, he served in Germany from 1945 to 1948. Lt. Gen. Tackaberry went on to fight in Korea and Vietnam, becoming highly decorated as the recipient of three Dis-tinguished Service Crosses, five Silver Stars, a Distinguished Flying Cross, and a Soldier’s Medal. Described as a ‘‘grunt’s angel,’’ Lt. Gen. Tackaberry was devoted to his men, not only ensuring they were always supplied for the fight but physically prepared as well. Leading from the front, Lt. Gen. Tackaberry set a high bar for fitness with his men and led them on long training runs. He even remained dedi-cated to fitness well into his later life, com-pleting 10 push-ups, despite being 93 years old and confined to a wheel chair, after being challenged by a family member. After 38 years in the military, Lt. Gen. Tackaberry retired to civilian life, managing a local real estate busi-ness and counseling the military of the Repub-lic of China for BDC Corp. Despite all of his accomplishments, Lt. Gen. Tackaberry never boasted of his military deco-rations or accomplished private sector career, instead focusing his energy on his family. He raised his twin sons to be accomplished mili-tary leaders in their own right and currently has several grandchildren serving in the U.S. military as well. This country cannot repay the debt we owe to Lt. Gen. Tackaberry; he was truly one of a kind and a model American. While we may have lost this great man, his legacy lives on forever. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-memorating the life of Lieutenant General Thomas H. Tackaberry for his service to God and country. f 
SUPPORT FOR TAIWAN PARTICIPA-TION IN THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION 
HON. ROB BISHOP 
OF UTAH  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, the inde-pendent nation of Taiwan is a highly-advanced industrialized democracy which contributes greatly to the world economy, particularly in the area of high tech, and is a long-time stal-wart ally of the United States. We congratulate President Tsai lng-wen on her one year anni-versary as President of Taiwan. The economic and military ties between our two nations have been built steadily over the past several decades, and I believe that it is important that the U.S. remains committed to this important bilateral relationship. While our two countries have much to cele-brate on this occasion, at the same time, some of the old diplomatic and political chal-lenges are resurfacing which threaten Tai-wan’s participation as a constructive member of the global community. Recently, the World Health Organization (WHO), an arm of the United Nations, declined to invite Taiwan to participate in its annual World Health Assem-bly despite Taiwan’s participation and con-tributions during the previous 8 years running. Mr. Speaker, this deliberate snub was politi-cally motivated, and violated the WHO’s Con-stitution by excluding the people of Taiwan for no legitimate reason. The 23 million citizens of Taiwan should not be denied access to this and future annual meetings, especially if the stated goal of the World Health Organization is to provide a better healthier future to all peoples of the world. I believe that the United States has an obli-gation to step forward and express strong dis-approval of this WHO action. To ensure that there is no gap in the dis-ease prevention network and that, together, all might work for the advancement of human health worldwide, it is imperative that the United States Congress and the Administra-tion rise in full support for Taiwan in this mat-ter. The WHO Secretariat should be admon-ished regarding its moral and legal obligation to uphold its charter of independence and im-partiality. The WHO and its leadership should not be at the service of any member state in particular. I ask my colleagues to join me in voicing our support for Taiwan’s full and meaningful participation in the WHO, as well other international organizations now and in the future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHARLOTTE AND BOB BANCROFT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Charlotte and Bob Bancroft of Atlantic, Iowa, on the very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.012 E19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE677 May 19, 2017 
special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on February 4, 2017. Charlotte and Bob’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them nothing but the best. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN SOLDIER ARMY SERGEANT (SGT) JASON WALTER VAUGHN 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen soldier Army Sergeant (SGT) Jason Walter Vaughn who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our nation on May 10, 2007, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. SGT Vaughn died of wounds from an improvised explosive device that deto-nated near his vehicle in Baqubah, Iraq, dur-ing his second tour of duty. SGT Vaughn was assigned to the 5th Bat-talion, 20th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division, Fort Lewis, Washington. He joined the Army in 2002, serving in Iraq from November 2003 to November 2004, and then returning in July 2006. He received his initial training at Fort Benning, Georgia. SGT Vaughn held the rank of Specialist at the time of his death and was posthumously promoted to Sergeant. During his military service, SGT Vaughn received the Army Good Conduct Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, the Global War on Terror Expeditionary Medal and the Global War on Terror Service Medal. He was also awarded the Bronze Star Medal, the Purple Heart and the Combat Infantry-man’s Badge. SGT Vaughn was born in Memphis, TN, moving a few times before his family settled in Iuka, MS. He graduated from Tishomingo County High School in Iuka, MS in 1996. He later attended Northeast Mississippi Commu-nity College and Mississippi State University. According to his mother, RaNae Vaughn, ‘‘Jason was a kindhearted, selfless person. He was a beautiful person inside and out. His memory inspires us to be better, do better and dream big.’’ His father, Walter Vaughn, told the Associated Press, ‘‘The world lost a lead-er. My son was a born leader.’’ SGT Vaughn’s survivors include his wife, Contessa Williams Vaughn; stepdaughter, Ashley Martin; father and stepmother, Walter and Pat Vaughn; mother, RaNae Smith Vaughn, as well as a brother, sister, and two step-sisters. In 2011, H.R. 2213, introduced by Rep-resentative Alan Nunnelee, designated the Iuka, MS Post Office as the ‘‘Sergeant Jason W. Vaughn Post Office.’’ As of July 1, 2017, the portion of Mississippi Highway 25 within the city limits of Iuka, MS will be known as the ‘‘SGT Jason Vaughn Memorial Highway.’’ The sacrifice of this brave soldier will always be remembered. f 
AMERICAN LAW ENFORCEMENT HEROES ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1428, the American Law Enforcement Heroes Act of 2017. This bill will positively affect the way we fight crime in our nation. The American Law Enforcement Heroes Act of 2017 provides for the prioritization of the hiring of veterans to police forces across the nation and will allow public funds granted by the Community Oriented Policing Services program to be allocated towards the hiring and training of veterans entering local police forces. Our veterans are some of the bravest and most honorable men and women in this na-tion. They have voluntarily risen to the occa-sion to protect our nation from foreign threats. These men and women have served in far flung, dangerous places around the globe, from Iraq and Afghanistan to Vietnam to Leb-anon. They have risked their lives to fulfill the goal of President Woodrow Wilson: to ‘‘make the world safe for democracy.’’ These vet-erans helped bring freedom and security to oppressed peoples, while protecting and serv-ing all Americans, to protect our unique and comfortable existence. Our veterans are currently plagued with issues such as mental health issues often stemming from combat experience, drug abuse, unemployment, and homelessness. Veterans are currently more likely to become homeless after serving, more likely to be un-employed, and more likely to fall under the op-pression of hard drugs. By implementing the American Law Enforcement Heroes Act of 2017, we, as a Congress, will be continuing our commitment to our veterans by helping to provide them with jobs. These jobs will provide a stable income and resources for our vet-erans to access, in case of debilitating mental health issues such as Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD). Our veterans will be able to continue serv-ing the American people with the particular training and expertise provided by the greatest military in the world. They have had access to education and are highly skilled at a plethora of jobs that municipal police departments can utilize to their advantage. By hiring these men and women, police forces around the nation can make the nation a safer, more secure place. I give my full support to the American Law Enforcement Heroes Act of 2017. This bill not only provides employment for our veterans, who have provided so much for our nation, but also makes our cities safer places to live. TRIBUTE TO DUKE PRESIDENT RICHARD BRODHEAD HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the career of Duke University President Richard Brodhead, who is stepping down after 13 years of service. Dick Brodhead succeeded Nan Keohane in 2004 as the 9th president of Duke University, attracted by what another president, former Governor Terry Sanford, defined as the uni-versity’s ‘‘outrageous ambition.’’ President Brodhead has led the university on a new tra-jectory of growth and international renown. In one of his first major actions as president, he led an effort to greatly expand the endowment for financial aid, which has allowed academi-cally talented students to pursue a Duke de-gree regardless of their financial cir-cumstances. President Brodhead’s time at Duke has been transformative, from the re-newal of campus gems such as Duke Chapel, Baldwin Auditorium, West Union, and athletic facilities to the construction of a series of stun-ning new research facilities. Dick Brodhead also embraced and amplified one of Duke’s enduring themes: knowledge in the service of society. He launched DukeEngage, a civic engagement program that provides undergraduates the opportunity to apply their knowledge to challenges in com-munities in the U.S. and around the globe. Under his leadership, Duke established the Duke Global Health Institute, which translates research to address health inequities around the world. Further expanding Duke’s global reach were the creation of Duke Kunshan University in China and the construction of the Duke-NUS Medical School in Singapore. Closer to home, he enriched Duke’s relationship with the City of Durham by investing in K–12 education, community health clinics, and neighborhood revitalization and helping spark the renais-sance of downtown Durham. President Brodhead had the opportunity to help Duke celebrate ten NCAA national cham-pionships won by men’s basketball and la-crosse and women’s golf and tennis teams, while a host of Duke student-athletes were victorious as individual national champions and Olympic medalists. At the same time, Duke ensured that athletics upheld the aca-demic mission of the university. An expert in 19th-century American lit-erature, President Brodhead came to Duke after a distinguished teaching and administra-tive career at Yale University. He has au-thored or edited more than a dozen books on America’s great writers, including analysis of the works of Hawthorne, Faulkner, and Welty. President Brodhead has also assumed a national leadership role in higher education. Elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2004, he was named the Co-Chair of the Academy’s Commission on the Human-ities and Social Sciences, created at the re-quest of a bipartisan group of House and Sen-ate members, including myself, to bolster teaching and research in the humanities and social sciences. The Commission’s 2013 re-port, The Heart of the Matter: The Humanities and Social Sciences for a Vibrant, Competi-tive, and Secure Nation, stands out for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.015 E19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE678 May 19, 2017 
persuasiveness of its argument and its prac-tical import. Dick Brodhead was a hands-on co-chairman and has played an active role in the report’s dissemination. Cindy Brodhead has been of indispensable support to Dick throughout his tenure. Cindy has a background in corporate and regulatory law and has made significant contributions to the arts and humanities across our state. She has served on the boards of the Carolina Bal-let and Preservation North Carolina and has rendered outstanding service as chair of the North Carolina Humanities Council. My wife Lisa joins me in thanking Dick and Cindy Brodhead for their friendship and for all they have given to Duke, Durham, and North Carolina. We are fortunate indeed that they have devoted their great energy and talent to our community, and we wish them well as they open the next chapter in their lives. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF FURMAN RAYMOND YOUNGINER 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, on February 16, 2017, South Carolina lost a dedicated public servant with the death of Furman Younginer. As the Mayor of Irmo for 16 years, he was a crucial part of the mod-ernization and transformation of the town from a sleepy village to one of America’s fastest growing communities. He was also a com-mitted Christian, dedicated family man, and U.S. Army veteran. He will be greatly missed. The following thoughtful obituary was pub-lished in The State on February 18, 2017: 
Furman Raymond Younginer passed peace-fully into eternal life Thursday, February 16, 2017. Born November 14, 1923, in Irmo, SC, he was the son of the late Raymond Samuel Younginer and Gertrue Petty Younginer of Irmo. He was predeceased by his wife of 62 years, Louise O’Sheal Younginer. A lifelong resident of Irmo, Mr. Younginer was educated in the Irmo schools and grad-uated from Irmo High in 1941. After gradua-tion, he began working in the Accounting Department with the Columbia, Newberry, and Laurens (CN&L) Railroad and continued in this position until he was drafted into the U.S. Army at the age of 19. He served in the U.S. Army during World War II, from April 15, 1943 until he was honorably discharged December 14, 1945. His years of service for his country began with basic training at Fort Jackson. He was sent to Washington, D.C. for a short while and in September 1943 he was sent to Camp Patrick Henry (Newport News, VA) where he boarded a Liberty ship. He traveled across the ocean for 17 days to begin his service in the European theatre of operations. He first landed in Casablanca and then traveled via train, in boxcars, across North Africa. He was sent to Italy to serve in the Allied Con-trol Commission (Military Government for the Italy 2675th Regiment) under the com-mand of General Mark Clark. Mr. Younginer was based in a number of Italian cities, but he was assigned to Rome for the majority of his time and while there, he attended classes at the University of Rome. He often recalled that while in Rome, he learned the good news of the wars end and that he would soon return home. Following the end of World War II, he re-turned to Irmo, attended the University of South Carolina, and continued his work in accounting for the CN&L Railroad (now, part of CSX Railroad). His job position was As-sistant Secretary/Treasurer and he was re-sponsible for the financial and managerial junctions in the Columbia office of the CN&L. He was employed by the CN&L Rail-road for 42 years and retired in March 1983. As a member of America’s Greatest Gen-eration, Mr. Younginer’s experiences in World War II gave him many insights which he related to and envisioned for his home-town of Irmo. He acknowledged the positive aspects of the many places to which he had been assigned or visited and sought to incor-porate those features that would promote civics, leadership, and progress in the com-munity. In 1951, Furman Younginer was elected to the Irmo Town Council and he re-mained on the Council until 1961 when he was elected Mayor of Irmo. He served as Irmo’s mayor for 16 years (1961–1977) and dur-ing his administration many changes and improvements occurred in the community. The Irmo area became well-known as an ideal place for families to live. Mr. Younginer cooperated with industry and real estate developers, envisioning a bright and productive future for Irmo. ...  Mr. Younginer was a lifelong member of the Irmo Pentecostal Holiness Church (now known as Irmo Family Worship Center). He accepted Jesus Christ as his Lord and Savior at age 9 and his faith and trust in God never wavered. He served multiple positions in the church including secretary-treasurer and Sunday School superintendent. Furman Younginer will be forever remem-bered in the hearts of his friends and family. He leaves to cherish his memory, his five children and spouses: Miriam Y. and Donald E. Lovett, Caroline Y. and Frederick E. So-journer, Ann Y. and Robert Gunning IV, Paul F. and Angela M. Younginer, Lucy Y. and Dr. R. Paul Austin. His ten beloved grand-children are Furman D. Lovett (Emily), Maria L. Cole (Ryan), Caroline Ingram, Rob-ert Gunning V. (Hannah), Laura Gunning Morgan (Tommy), Andrew Gunning, Anna Younginer, Robert Paul Austin III, Lewis Austin, Smith Austin. His four great-grand-children are Charles Cole, Lily Cole, Molley Gunning, Sophie Gunning. His dearly loved sisters are Orine Younginer, Mildred Younginer, Blanche Younginer (deceased), Betty Younginer, and Vernelle Y. Jones (Rev. Sanford Jones). The family appreciates the expressions of kindness bestowed upon Mr. Younginer throughout his life. He took pride in wearing his cap with the emblem, World War II Vet-eran, and individuals frequently greeted him with appreciation for his service to our coun-try. He maintained and treasured his friend-ships with former coworkers, community members, church family, and his many de-voted friends. Visitation will be from 4 until 6:00 PM, Saturday, February 18, 2017, at Dunbar Fu-neral Home, Dutch Fork Chapel, Irmo. The funeral will be at 3:00 PM, Sunday, February 19, 2017 at Irmo Family Worship Center at 10501 Broad River Rd, Irmo, SC 29063 with burial immediately following in the church cemetery. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE ALTOONA LIONS CLUB 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Altoona Lions Club as they celebrate their 70th anniversary. The club was chartered on April 24th, 1947. Some of the current members were children when their parents became charter members of the club, and for them, Lions has been a way of life. They remember when the sheriff, who was a member, would go out and ‘‘arrest’’ members who were not at a meeting, or an undertaker who would use his hearse to pick up absent members and make them ride in the back. While these jokes are now a thing of the past, what hasn’t changed is the club’s focus to help serve and better their commu-nity. The Altoona chapter makes it a priority to ensure there are plenty of opportunities for members to volunteer their time and skills. For the past 53 years, the club has run a spin art booth at the Iowa State Fair, and their website features a lengthy page listing all of the services and activities they are involved with, including food banks, eye care, scouting, veterans memorials, local law enforcement and local parks. It is surely hard to determine just how many people have benefited from the big hearts of Lions Club members over the past 70 years, but Altoona is undoubtedly a better place because of it. Mr. Speaker, the volunteer spirit is alive and well in groups like the Altoona Lions Club, and I am honored to represent their members in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating the Altoona Lions Club on 70 great years, and in wishing them continued growth and success in the years to come. f 
HONORING MR. RABBI LEE T. BYCEL 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Rabbi Lee T. Bycel upon his retirement after serving Congregation Beth Shalom (CBS) and the Napa community since 2012. In addition to being a well-liked and re-spected spiritual leader, Rabbi Bycel served as an Adjunct Professor of Jewish Studies and Social Justice at the University of San Fran-cisco. Rabbi Bycel graduated from the University of California at Berkeley with a BA in Philos-ophy, received his rabbinic ordination from the Hebrew Union College, and earned a doc-torate from the Claremont School of Theology. Growing up in Southeast Los Angeles County, he learned the importance of diversity and in-clusiveness. He was raised in a mostly Latino neighborhood, in one of just two Jewish fami-lies in the community. Rabbi Bycel has said, ‘‘I respect and care about all human beings on this earth,’’ and has demonstrated this through his countless humanitarian efforts. A leader in educational, cultural, and social justice, he has made several humanitarian trips to East Africa, including Darfur, Chad, South Sudan, Kenya, Haiti, Ethiopia, and Rwanda. In Rwanda, he visited refugee and internally displaced person camps, helped ad-dress poverty and disease, and spoke out against genocide. Rabbi Bycel is one of the coalition founders and 2017 Co-Chair of MLK Monday: A Day of Action and Compassion, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.018 E19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE679 May 19, 2017 
which is a community of over 80 nonprofit or-ganizations, faith groups, government officials, and agencies, local businesses, and local service organizations who join together each year to celebrate the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. In 2014, Rabbi Bycel was appointed by President Obama to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum Council. He has been recognized for his work with the Humanitarian Award of the National Conference for Community and Justice (NCCJ). Rabbi Bycel is also an educational leader, sharing with the Congregation Beth Shalom his fifteen years of experience as the Dean of the Hebrew Union College—Jewish Institute of Religion in Los Angeles. There he also served as the Senior Academic and Administrative Officer of the campus and director of the rab-binic school. He served as Assistant Professor of Leadership and Applied Theology and the Smither Visiting Professor of World Religions at the Claremont School of Theology. Mr. Speaker, Rabbi Bycel is a humanist an-chored in Jewish values. He is an exceptional community leader, humanitarian, and husband in our community. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today and ex-tend our best wishes for an enjoyable retire-ment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes Wednesday, May 17, 2017. I would like the record to show that, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on roll call votes 259, 260, 261, and ‘‘Yea’’ on roll call vote 262. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF PEGGY DIETRICK 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Mrs. Peggy Dietrick, a beloved artist and entrepreneur from Laredo, Texas. Mrs. Dietrick was born on July 24th, 1924, to parents Adolph and Flavia (Branch) Dietrick in Salem, Illinois. Over the course of her ca-reer, she traveled throughout the world to per-form. Her career led her to Las Vegas, where she performed for several years before ulti-mately moving to Texas. After moving to La-redo in 1965, Dietrick established the Laredo Beauty College, which is still in operation today. An actress, musician and singer, Dietrick was unquestionably an instrumental force in the local theater community. She was involved in productions with the Laredo Little Theater, where she starred in many plays, performed with the Laredo Philharmonic Orchestra and was a patron of the Laredo Theater Guild International. Her dedication to the arts serves as a model that all should strive to emulate. Serving others was at the heart of all that Dietrick did throughout her life. Her commit-ment to improving the lives of others, such as through helping people to find employment op-portunities after graduating from the beauty college, exemplifies her passion for serving others. In addition, her commitment to the arts highlights her firm belief in the value of edu-cation for the public. Without a doubt, her life clearly demonstrates what it means to be a charitable and caring person. Peggy is survived by her husband, John of St. Louis, Missouri; nephew, Michael Rhoads of San Antonio, Texas; niece, Deborah Dietrick; great-nephews, Christopher Holm (Ashley), Andrew Holm (Anne), Scott Holm (Susan) and Chad Rhoads; as well as many great-great nieces, nephews, other family members and countless friends. Both her fam-ily and the community as a whole will remem-ber Peggy for her unforgettable charm, utter kindness and commitment to service. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize the life of Mrs. Peggy Dietrick. f 
HONORING CHARLES SELMON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a public servant, Charles Selmon. Mr. Selmon has shown what can be done through tenacity, dedication and a desire to serve Warren County. Mr. Selmon earned a Bachelor of Science in Social Work and a Master’s Degree in Coun-seling Psychology from Mississippi College. He studied Economic Development at the Uni-versity of Southern Mississippi. He furthered his studies in the Post Master’s Degree pro-gram at Jackson State University. Mr. Selmon has received National Security Training from the U.S. Army War College located in Carlisle, PA. Mr. Selmon has served as a Psychology In-structor at both Alcorn State University and Hinds Community College. Mr. Selmon was elected to the Warren County Board of Super-visors position in 1996. He was elected to a fifth term with the Warren County Board of Su-pervisors. While serving on the Board of Su-pervisors Mr. Selmon has served as President and Vice-President. He has also served as President of the Mississippi Association of Su-pervisors (MAS) and as President of the Mis-sissippi Association of Supervisors Minority Caucus. Mr. Selmon was chosen to represent the State of Mississippi with the National As-sociation of Counties regarding Human Serv-ices. Mr. Selmon is a member of the Warren County Economic Development Committee, Back-To-School Committee (School Day Sup-plies), Warren County Community Develop-ment Committee (Senior Citizens Dinner), and serves on the Workforce Investment Board. He is the President of the Boys and Girls Club of Vicksburg which he established. Mr. Selmon was appointed Superintendent of Sunday School and selected to the Deacon Board of Travelers Rest Baptist Church. Mr. Selmon received the President Award for Distinguished Leadership in Government. Mr. Selmon is the father of twin daughters, Alyshia and Tericka Selmon. He is married to Fredia Selmon. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Supervisor Charles Selmon for his services to Warren County. f 
TRIBUTE TO EVELYN AND TED PIKE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Evelyn and Ted Pike of Des Moines, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on May 3rd, 2017. Evelyn and Ted’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 65th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them nothing but con-tinued happiness. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF STOP DECEP-TIVE ADVERTISING FOR WOM-EN’S HEALTHCARE SERVICES 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to reintroduce the Stop Deceptive Advertising for Women’s Healthcare Services Act to make sure that women receive honest information about fam-ily planning services. Expecting mothers should never be misled about critical health information and services. Yet that is exactly what is happening today all across the country. Commonly called crisis pregnancy centers (CPCs), these centers often have an anti-choice agenda and delib-erately misinform or mislead pregnant women seeking information about family planning services, including abortion. CPC’s mas-querade as sources of unbiased pregnancy counseling or even abortion providers, yet they often have no medical professionals on staff. CPC’s use deceptive propaganda to dis-suade women from considering comprehen-sive birth control options or legal abortion. These fake reproductive health clinics entice women with unintended pregnancies through their doors under the pretense of providing the full range of reproductive options and services. Instead, they pedal scientifically unfounded in-formation claiming that abortion leads to ad-verse health outcomes or can affect chances of pregnancy in the future. CPCs should be held accountable if they deliberately mislead women who are seeking legitimate medical assistance and advice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.021 E19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE680 May 19, 2017 
The Stop Deceptive Advertising for Wom-en’s Healthcare Services Act directs the Fed-eral Trade Commission to promulgate rules under the Federal Trade Commission Act, de-claring it an unfair or deceptive act for an enti-ty, such as a crisis pregnancy center, to ad-vertise as a provider of abortion services if the entity does not provide abortion services. I thank my friend Rep. S
UZANNE BONAMICI  for leading this critical effort with me. During National Women’s Health Week, I hope you will join us in cosponsoring this legislation that demands that crisis pregnancy centers, some of which receive federal funds, are prohibited from making false advertising claims that in-timidate and harm women who are looking for help and honest medical advice. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THERESE LEDOUX 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Therese Ledoux on the occa-sion of her 100th birthday this month. Born on May 5, 1917 to George Ethier and Albina Chevalier, Mrs. Ledoux attended board-ing school in Canada before leaving to work for her father’s insurance business in Woonsocket, Rhode Island. Starting in 1958 she became the Town of Acushnet’s first kin-dergarten teacher at the St. Francis Xavier El-ementary School—where she remained for more than 30 years as a beloved kindergarten teacher. To this day, Mrs. Ledoux continues to volunteer each week at the school, where she is considered a local celebrity and is held in the highest esteem by staff, students, and the Acushnet community alike. Active both in mind and soul, Mrs. Ledoux’s hobbies include doing puzzles and knitting. Her knitting projects include blankets for newly baptized children at the St. Francis Xavier Church in Acushnet. Additionally, she has made it a tradition to bake meat pies for New Year’s Day—a practice she has passed onto to her daughters and grandchildren. Over the more than seventy years she has lived in Acushnet, Mrs. Ledoux has been hon-ored for her outstanding services by being awarded the Marian Medal by the Fall River Diocese and being named the Acushnet Woman of the Year by the Standard Times newspaper. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Therese Ledoux on this joyous occasion. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing her many more years of health and happiness surrounded by her children, grandchildren, great grand-children, and great great grandchildren. 
f 
DISAPPEARED, JAILED, AND TOR-TURED IN CHINA: WIVES PETI-TION FOR THEIR HUSBANDS’ FREEDOM 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, lawyer Xie Yang was tortured for the better part of two years because he dared to rep-resent China’s poor and persecuted. The ac-count of his detention is both harrowing and horrible. Xie Yang was sleep deprived and kept in isolation. Squads of police punched and kicked him for hours at a time. He was forced to sit still for hours on a precarious stack of plastic chairs; his feet dangling painfully off the ground. Police made threats to his wife and children and said they would turn him into an ‘‘invalid’’ unless he confessed to political crimes. Xie Yang and his fellow human rights law-yers wanted the best for China, but they got the very worst. Since July 2015, almost 250 lawyers and legal assistants were detained sending a chilling message to those fighting for legal re-forms and human rights. At yesterday’s hearing in the human rights subcommittee that I chair, we came together to shine a light on the brutal, illegal, and dehu-manizing use of torture and forced disappear-ance of human rights lawyers and rights advo-cates in China. We shine a light on dictatorships because nothing good happens in the dark. And, as we learned yesterday, there are some very dark places in China. Chinese officials repeatedly tell me I should focus more on the positive aspects of China and not dwell so much on the negative. That is a difficult task when you read Xie Yang’s story, read Gao Zhisheng’s account of his torture, or read the accounts of Yu Jie or Golog Jigme or Yin Liping. It is a difficult task when you look at Li Chunfu and his brother Li Heping. These are some of China’s best and brav-est—now with broken bodies, shattered minds and faces that have aged 20 years after two years of solitary confinement and torture. It is shocking, offensive, immoral, and inhu-mane. It is also completely possible that Chi-nese officials believe the international commu-nity will not hold them accountable. While President Xi Jinping is feted at Davos and lauded in foreign capitals for his public commitment to openness, his government is torturing and abusing those seeking rights guaranteed by China’s own Constitution and its international obligations. One Oxford university scholar has said that Xi has built the ‘‘perfect dictatorship’’—an in-creasingly repressive garrison state that avoids any international censure. Through the UN and the sanctions available in the Global Magnitsky Act, we should be seeking to hold accountable any Chinese offi-cials complicit in torture and illegal detentions. Xie Yang identified at least 10 police officers who tortured him. We are in the process of gathering names and identifying information. I will then send those names to President Trump, Secretary of State Tillerson, UN Am-bassador Nikki Haley, and the Chairs and ranking members of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. We will seek UN investigations into the tor-ture of China’s human rights lawyers and human rights defenders because their treat-ment in detention violates China’s obligations as signatory of the UN Torture Convention. We will also seek investigations under the Global Magnitsky Act. I introduced the House version of that bill, which was signed into law last year. That law says explicitly that any foreign gov-ernment officials who engages in or is complicit in torture can be sanctioned—by de-nying entry visas into the United State or by imposing financial sanctions. Those who tortured Xie Yang and Li Heping should never benefit from access to the United States or our financial system. We will hear testimony yesterday from the wives of detained human rights lawyers. We also heard from Ms. Li Ching-Yu, the wife of detained Taiwanese democracy advocate Lee Ming-che. After entering mainland China in March of this year for a personal trip, Mr. Lee went missing for 10 days before Chinese officials confirmed that he was being held on so-called ‘‘national security’’ grounds. Many fear Mr. Lee is being detained under a harsh new Chinese law to monitor and con-trol foreignfunded NGOs, enforced earlier this year as part of a crackdown on civil society. His detention fits the trend of the Chinese gov-ernment targeting activists, dissidents, or even scholars based abroad. The Taiwan government is working behind the scenes to resolve Lee Ming-che’s case, though I am sure such efforts are hindered by Taiwan’s lack of international clout and its complicated diplomatic ties with Beijing. As I have said before, Taiwan is an impor-tant democratic ally and a beacon of peace and democracy in Asia. The U.S. should re-main committed to the Taiwan Relations Act and the ‘‘Six Assurances’’ as cornerstones of U.S.-Taiwan relations. Political issues between China and Taiwan should be resolved through appropriate mech-anisms between the two sides. The Chinese government decision to detain Lee Ming-che signaled Chinese officials’ willingness to break its international human rights obligations for political gains, needlessly straining cross-strait relations. We welcomed Ms. Li Ching-Yu’s testimony yesterday in order to increase the level of international interest and attention to her hus-band’s case. The Chinese government is facing a new and unexpected phenomenon—effective advo-cacy campaigns waged by the wives of tor-tured and detained rights advocates. I truly ad-mire the brave women who are challenging the Chinese government to live up to its high-est ideals. They are an inspiration. Through the testimony provided during yes-terday’s hearing, we considered the almost two year effort by President Xi Jinping’s gov-ernment to eviscerate China’s network of human rights lawyers and consider how the continued detention of Lee Ming-che has neg-atively impacted cross-strait relations between Beijing and Taipei. f 
HONORING ASHLEY WILSON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable young lady, Ms. Ashley Wilson of Crystal Springs, Mississippi. Ashley is a proud native of Crystal Springs, MS. She is a recent graduate of Jackson State University, where she obtained 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.026 E19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE681 May 19, 2017 
a Bachelor of Science in Healthcare Adminis-tration. Ashley is a Senior Intern who serves as the Financial/Events Planning Specialist at One Voice. She has been with the organization since 2011 and is set to serve as the Chair for the organization’s l0th Year Anniversary Cele-bration. Making a difference in her home town, Ash-ley has served as an advocate for her commu-nity, where she has served as an Advisory Member to the Crystal Springs Mayoral Coun-cil and a member of the Citizens Making a Dif-ference (CMADCS), an organization that acts as a voice for the people’s concerns for the city of Crystal Springs. Furthermore, Ashley has also served on many other committees across the state, such as the 50th Anniversary Commemoration Committee, Mississippi Meeting of the Minds Planning Committee and many other various committees where she has played a vital role in being a voice for change not only in her community, but across the state of Mississippi. Ashley is currently an active member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). As a healthcare ad-vocate for the Mississippi State Conference NAACP, she has worked with several healthcare related projects. The projects that have touched her heart the most include the NAACP’s Childhood Obesity Project and the national GET HYPE Initiative, which focuses on healthy eating for today’s youth. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ms. Ashley Wilson for her dedi-cation to serving throughout her community and throughout organizations around Mis-sissippi. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MILDRED HARMON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mildred Harmon of Windsor Heights, Iowa, on the spe-cial occasion of celebrating her 105th birthday on May 4th, 2017. It was 1912 when Mildred entered this world on a farm near St. Charles, Iowa. It was a world much different than ours today. In an October 2013 interview with Iowa Living Mag-azines, Mildred recounted how she started school at the age of four at a country school, walking 1.25 miles round trip each day. That gave her more than enough exercise for her lifetime, she said. She graduated from high school, and then beauty school and became a hairstylist. She married Paris Harmon on De-cember 20, 1936, starting a family that would go on to include three daughters, 10 grand-children and 7 great grandchildren. Mildred’s husband passed away in 2006, however she continues to be that strong and loving influ-ence that her family relies on. Iowa Living Magazine discovered that her key to a long and happy life was humor, which she said was ‘‘the only way to get through life.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent Mil-dred in the United States Congress and I’m proud to recognize her today on this momen-tous occasion. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her and in wishing her nothing but continued happiness. f 
STRENGTHENING STATE AND LOCAL CYBER CRIME FIGHTING ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1616, or the Strength-ening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act of 2017. This piece of legislation will help our local and state agencies protect against the rising threat of cybercrime. The Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act of 2017 will provide more protection for our citizens by sharing the ex-pertise and knowledge of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with local and state agencies so that they have the ability to stop these threats at a local level. Law enforcement officials in states, tribes, and territories will be provided with additional training to identify po-tential issues. Cybercrime is a growing threat to American security. Hackers have become notorious late-ly, stealing a plethora of information including credit cards numbers, security codes, bank numbers, and other personal information that can compromise the security of an individual. Further protections and training in cyber secu-rity also protect local municipalities and state government intranets and cyber services which are also at risk of compromise. In DHS, there is an organization known as the National Computer Forensics Institute that is under the oversight of the United States Se-cret Service. The Institute oversees the fight against cyber threats on a national level. Under H.R. 1616, the members of the Institute will be able to provide high quality training to lower echelon departments at state and local levels, to assist them in the battle against cybercrime. On top of the training, the Institute will provide new, advanced technology to these agencies to even further their ability to combat cybercrime. As technology has progressed, hackers have found new ways to dishonestly make a living. We are at the precipice of a new age of technological advances that come with more sinister implications. With new tech-nology, new threats have materialized that can have major impacts on all of our lives. Hack-ers can steal personal files, ruin our reputa-tions, and destroy our financial stability. They can slow or destabilize our local governments, making our lives harder. This bill helps to put the United States at an advantage against hackers. We will now be able to more effectively combat these crimi-nals. HONORING METROPOLITAN BAP-TIST CHURCH ON THE OCCASION OF ITS 52ND ANNIVERSARY HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 52nd Anniversary of Metro-politan Baptist Church located in my Congres-sional district in the City of Rocky Mount, North Carolina. This Church has been a bea-con of light in the community for more than half a century and has positively impacted generations of families in eastern North Caro-lina. Metropolitan Baptist Church was founded on May 4, 1965, by a group of devout Christians eager to proclaim the goodness of the Lord. The Church’s first worship service was held just five days later on May 9, 1965 in the audi-torium of the Lincoln School. Reverend Ben-jamin Daniels, a Shaw University ministerial student, was the first to preach at Metropoli-tan. Despite these humble beginnings, the congregation remained faithful and steadfast and would go on to grow by leaps and bounds. On July 23, 1967, Metropolitan Baptist Church held a groundbreaking ceremony to commemorate construction of a sanctuary at 1213 Leggett Road, where it still stands today. Reverend John W. Fleming presided over the first worship service in the new edifice on July 14, 1968. Under the leadership of Reverend Dr. J. E. Arnette, Metropolitan Baptist Church continued to grow both physically and spiritually. Dr. Arnette oversaw the establishment of Boy and Girl Scout Troops, a Young Adult Sunday School Class, and provided food for needy families. These good deeds led to Metropoli-tan Baptist Church to be ranked 12th out of more than 1,700 Baptist Churches in North Carolina by the General Baptist State Conven-tion of North Carolina. Reverend Raymond L. Privott succeeded Dr. Arnette and continued the tradition of pro-viding outreach services that enhanced the growth and development of children. This in-cluded providing tutoring in community schools and providing preliminary SAT studies that greatly benefited young people in the Rocky Mount area. Reverend Norman T. Davis served as in-terim pastor for two and a half years and con-tinued Metropolitan Baptist Church’s commit-ment to both God and the community. He was followed by Pastor Richard Allen Gerald, who has served as Senior Pastor of Metropolitan since 2004 and has been the spiritual leader to many families and individuals. His strong faith in God and preparedness for the ministry, has earned him a stellar reputation among Christian believers throughout our great state. Mr. Speaker, by the grace of God, Metro-politan Baptist Church has been blessed for 52 long years as it has witnessed for Christ each and every day. The Church’s faithfulness and scripture-based ministry will ensure that Metropolitan continues to thrive for years to come. On behalf of the United States House of Representatives and the people of the First 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.029 E19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE682 May 19, 2017 
Congressional District of North Carolina, I ex-tend to the Pastor and Members of Metropoli-tan Baptist Church my best wishes on this auspicious occasion. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JOHN T. LEWIS ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor John T. Lewis, the Director of Logistics and Support for the Chief Administrative Officer of the U.S. House of Representatives, on his up-coming retirement on June 2, 2017. Beginning on June 1, 1978, John spent his entire thirty-nine year career with the U.S. House of Representatives and for over twenty years worked as an upholsterer. Starting as a laborer in the Clerk’s office, John moved up the ranks to become a master upholsterer. One of his major accomplishments was learn-ing how to upholster the special type of Turk-ish chairs used by Members of Congress. Many of these historic chairs remain in use by Members to this day. John was then asked to take on a manage-rial role, serving as the Supervisor of Workflow Management, which involved developing pur-chasing spreadsheets and building asset tracking systems. However, after a couple of years in that position, John returned to the trade he loved in serving as the manager of the Textiles Department. In that role, John su-pervised the day-to-day operations of several shops, including upholstery, cabinet, finishing, drapery, and carpets. Throughout his career, John oversaw sev-eral important projects including the redressing of the Lincoln catafalque, the replacement of the House Floor carpet, the re-upholstery of every seat on the House Floor and in the Gal-lery, the complete refinishing of the House Floor dais, the construction of the lecterns and stenographers’ desk, and the total refurbish-ment of the Speaker’s chair. John led or as-sisted in twenty Congressional transitions and ten Presidential inaugurations. Among his most significant contributions was nurturing the furnishings team and coaching its mem-bers to be some of the most talented crafts-man on Capitol Hill. In his retirement, I hope John will enjoy time spent with his wife of thirty-seven years, Lisa, and his two daughters, Joanna Emily Caputi and Lauren Elisabeth Lewis, his parents, Bill and Anne Lewis, and other members of his extended family. On behalf of the entire House, I extend my congratulations and thanks to John T. Lewis for his many years of dedication and outstanding contributions to this institution. I wish him many wonderful years ahead. IN RECOGNITION OF DAVID DICHIERA FOR HIS LIFETIME OF ADVOCACY AND WORK WITH THE ARTS 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize David DiChiera for his outstanding legacy. As founder and artistic director of the Michigan Opera Theatre, Mr. DiChiera has built a culture of artistic excellence in Michi-gan. After earning a doctorate in musicology from UCLA, Mr. DiChiera joined the faculty of Oak-land University in Michigan in 1962, where he was eventually elected chairman of the school’s Department of Music. During his time, he also oversaw the Detroit Grand Opera As-sociation’s education initiative known as the Overture to Opera. Under the leadership of Mr. DiChiera, Overture to Opera began per-forming full-length productions in 1970 and was officially reestablished as the Michigan Opera Theatre in 1971. The Michigan Opera Theatre has grown to become an internation-ally recognized institution that has brought world-class performances to Michigan while in-spiring a new generation of artists and musi-cians. Mr. DiChiera had the vision to push for the restoration of the Detroit Opera House in 1996, and this effort played a critical role in re-vitalizing downtown Detroit. The Theatre has hosted renowned musicians like Luciano Pavarotti, as well as performances by the American Ballet Theater and other notable groups. Mr. DiChiera’s lifetime of artistic advocacy and passion for theatre has been critical to the growth and development of the arts in south-east Michigan. His love of the arts has taught and inspired generations to appreciate the im-portance of the arts to a community. He also galvanized so many to experience the opera and engage with the arts for their entire lives. Throughout his career, Mr. DiChiera has re-ceived numerous accolades for his work, in-cluding the National Endowment for the Arts’ Opera Honors award, as well as recognition by the governments of France and Italy. In ad-dition to this outstanding record of achieve-ment, Mr. DiChiera is well known in the Detroit community for his kindness and generosity. He has been a true champion for Michigan, and his energy and dedication to our state and the arts will be missed as he retires from his current position with the Michigan Opera The-atre. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring David DiChiera for his lifetime of work with the arts. Mr. DiChiera’s work with the Michigan Opera Theatre has inspired gen-erations of performers and helped the city un-derstand the importance of arts in the commu-nity. 
f 
HONORING GUSTAVO BRAMBILA 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Gustavo Brambila, who owns and operates Gustavo Wine. Passion, skill, and dedication to his craft led Gustavo to the successes he sees today. Born in Jalisco, Mexico, Gustavo immigrated to the United States with his mother and brothers to join his father in Oakville, Cali-fornia in 1957. The family moved to Ruther-ford, California in 1960, where Gustavo’s fa-ther Jose´worked in winery maintenance. Sur-rounded by the culture and devotion of famous winemakers from an early age, Gustavo grew up with a keen interest in winemaking. He at-tended the University of Oregon on a baseball scholarship, but his heart remained in wine country. He transferred to the University of California Davis, where he was one of the first Latinos to obtain a degree in Fermentation Sciences. In 1976, Gustavo joined Mike Grgich and Jim Barrett at Chateau Montelena to begin his career. Soon after, he joined Grgich Hills Cel-lar, where, in his first harvest, he produced the winning Chardonnay in the Great Chardonnay Showdown of 1980. Gustavo continued with Grgich Hills Cellar for 23 years, honing his craft and working to define wine excellence. Gustavo started his own wine enterprise, Gustavo Wines in 1996. Today he makes Napa Valley wines inspired by old-world winemaking techniques, with a dedication to small vineyards and quality fruit. He believes each wine should take you back ‘‘to a memory of each vintage’’. Gustavo traveled to Washington, D.C. this week as part of a group of Mexican-American vintners to support the mission of the Smithso-nian Institution. They shared their amazing stories of immigration, sacrifice and determina-tion and helped the attendees understand the vital contributions Mexican Americans make to our economy and community. Mr. Speaker, Gustavo Brambila has built a successful business and is producing extraor-dinary wines. I am proud to have such a dedi-cated business owner living and working in our community. It is therefore fitting and prop-er that we honor him here today. f 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT PAUL VANCE ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with re-spect and admiration that I rise today to join all of those gathered in extending my sincere thanks and appreciation to Lieutenant Paul Vance as he celebrates his retirement after forty-three years of dedicated service to the Connecticut State Police force. His retirement marks the end of a distinguished career in law enforcement and the Connecticut State Police will simply not be the same without him. Lieutenant Vance entered the Connecticut State Police Training Academy as a member of the 85th Training Troop in July of 1974. Fol-lowing his graduation later that year, he em-barked on a career that earned him a re-spected reputation amongst colleagues and ci-vilians alike. Serving in a variety of posts, in-cluding Troop L in Litchfield and as a Resident State Trooper in Prospect, Lieutenant Vance rose through the ranks and is perhaps best 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.032 E19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE683 May 19, 2017 
known for his leadership as a member of the Connecticut State Police force’s Public Infor-mation Office. In a position he held for nearly one third of his career, Lieutenant Vance became, for many in Connecticut, the public face of our State Police. As a Public Information Officer, it was he who so often brought a sense of calm and order to very difficult circumstances. That composure was put to the ultimate test as he guided a grieving state and stunned nation through the aftermath of tragedy at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in December of 2012. I hold a deep respect for the men and women who dedicate their professional ca-reers to law enforcement—facing situations and circumstances that few of us can even imagine. Lieutenant Vance is a reflection of the very best of our law enforcement commu-nity. Over the course of his career, his com-mitment and leadership has made all the dif-ference and we owe him a debt of gratitude that can never fully be paid. Lieutenant— though it does not seem enough, thank you for all of your good work on our behalf. You leave a legacy of service that will most cer-tainly serve as an inspiration to others for years to come. Lieutenant Paul Vance has led a remarkable career, leaving an indelible mark on the Con-necticut State Police force as well as the State of Connecticut. Today, it is my great privilege to stand and join his wife, Meg, their three children and six grandchildren, as well as fam-ily, friends, and colleagues in wishing him the very best for many more years of health and happiness in this next chapter of his life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING E COMPANY, 141ST INFANTRY REGIMENT 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to rise today to recognize E Company, 141st Infantry Regiment, which served with valor and distinction during World War II. In 1940, E Company, along with the entire 141st Infantry Regiment was federalized and assigned to the 36th Infantry Division. E Com-pany was distinct in its heritage and was com-posed almost entirely of Mexican-American soldiers. A vast majority of E Company’s sol-diers hailed from El Paso. The 141st Infantry Regiment shipped off to North Africa in April 1943. The regiment was one of the units in the amphibious invasion of Italy at Salerno, and they suffered heavy cas-ualties. As the 141st fought its way through Italy, the regiment, as well as E Company, fought with distinction. The 141st reinforced units at Anzio, helped tip the scales to rout the Germans, and entered Rome in June 1944. This culminated 137 days of combat during which the 141st Infantry Regiment suffered over 3,000 casualties. The Germans called the 141st ‘‘wild men from Texas, skilled in fieldcraft and fighting.’’ The regiment then participated in a third amphibious landing, its second combat assault against a fortified beachhead, and entered Southern France. The 141st continued to fight through Central Europe. E Company partici-pated with the regiment in all its major cam-paigns and battles. The unit deactivated in De-cember 1945 after the war. The regiment had suffered 1,126 killed, more than 5,000 wound-ed, and over 500 missing in action. Its soldiers were awarded an astonishing three Medals of Honor, 31 Distinguished Service Crosses, 492 Silver Stars, and 1,685 Bronze Stars. The valor and bravery of the soldiers of E Company, 141st Infantry Regiment must not be forgotten. As America prepares to reflect on the sacrifices made by our service mem-bers this Memorial Day, I ask that we take a moment to remember the soldiers of E Com-pany. They represented the best of El Paso, Texas, and the nation as our brave service members valiantly fought the forces of tyr-anny. I am honored to represent the men and women of El Paso who carry on the legacy of E Company as they continue to stand against injustice and pursue the American dream. f 
TRIBUTE TO MARTHA AND JACK BLACKFORD 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Martha and Jack Blackford of Des Moines, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wed-ding anniversary. They celebrated their anni-versary on April 16th, 2017. Martha and Jack’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them nothing but the best in the years to come. 
f 
SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY SHER-IFF’S DEPUTY JEFFERY DEAN ASSISTS ROBBERY VICTIM 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the outstanding public service of San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Deputy Jeffery Dean, who is assigned to the department’s Victorville City Station. For the past three years, Deputy Dean has served as a patrol deputy, traffic division deputy, and is also a certified Major Accident Investigation Team (MAlT) deputy. On May 14, 2017, Deputy Dean was on pa-trol in Victorville, California when he made contact with a young man from the State of Washington who was working in the area as a magazine salesman. Deputy Dean noticed injuries to the man’s face and was told that they were the result of a robbery in which the victim’s wallet and cell phone were stolen. Realizing the man’s dire situation, Deputy Dean took it upon himself to pay for the man to stay in a hotel room, and he purchased a bus ticket so the victim could return to his family in Washington. Every day, men and women in the law en-forcement profession work tirelessly to make a difference in our communities. However, often times, their work goes unnoticed in the media and press. I would like to take a moment to highlight the great work of Deputy Dean and the entire San Bernardino County Sheriff’s De-partment for their commitment to public serv-ice. f 
HONORING CONSTANCE BLAND 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Constance Bland, who is an Educator, a Leader and Public Servant. Constance G. Bland, Ph.D. was appointed Vice President of Academic Affairs (VPAA) at Mississippi Valley State University (MVSU) in the spring of 2014. As VPAA, she is respon-sible for leadership, educational policy, aca-demic programs, budgeting and resource allo-cation; supervision of staff development pro-grams, federal grant program administration; monitoring of personnel actions and trans-actions, and participation in academic per-sonnel policy development and negotiation. She is also responsible for relationships with the wider educational and occupational com-munity, particularly the public schools, as well as additional responsibilities as assigned by the President. Before becoming VPAA, Dr. Bland was Pro-fessor and Chair of the Department of Mathe-matics, Computer and Information Sciences. She developed computer science educational curriculum related to database management systems, software engineering and introduc-tion to computer science. In an effort to impact retention of computer science majors, she was involved in a project to determine the impact of introducing the concepts of object oriented programming for first year computer science students using a visual animation tool known as Alice. Dr. Bland also acquired significant external funding for the department from sources in-cluding the National Science Foundation (NSF), the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), Eisenhower (state of Mississippi), SUN Microsystems and mini- grants from Jackson State University. Her last external funds secured for the department in-cluded an S-STEM scholarship grant and an HBCU-UP implementation grant. A major focus of the scholarship grants secured by Dr. Bland involved initiatives to increase the num-ber of computer science and mathematics ma-jors at MVSU. Funds secured were used to in-stitute tutorial services, provide student devel-opment activities and support debt reduction though scholarships to decease external em-ployment of students seeking degrees. The goal of the latest HBCU-UP grant is to encour-age STEM graduates to pursue graduate edu-cation. Dr. Bland has devoted 23 years of service to MVSU, and has demonstrated her passion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.036 E19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE684 May 19, 2017 
and commitment to the University, faculty, staff and students. Her involvement has been extensive, yet she finds time and energy to serve, work and lead, shouldering countless burdens with good humor and grace. She is a tower of strength and a strong force for pro-gressive efficient public service. She always shows patience and tolerance, qualities of an experienced and committed leader. Dr. Bland is a visionary leader who inspires staff, stu-dents and the community. She is responsible for developing MVSU’s first Women in Science and Technology Conference (WIST) designed to encourage young girls in grades 7th through 12th to consider majoring in STEM disciplines. The conference will celebrate its 20th anniversary in Spring 2016 and can boast of numerous female students who have gone on to become practicing women in science and technology. Dr. Bland holds an Associate’s degree in Mathematics from Coahoma Junior College, a Bachelor of Arts in mathematics, Bachelor of Science in computer science, Master of Science degree in computer science and a Doctoral degree in computer engineering from the University of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Constance Bland, an Educator, a leader and Public Servant for her dedication to serving others and giving back to the Afri-can American community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATION OF THE WASHINGTON SPY TRAIL ON LONG ISLAND AND THE SERVICE OF THE CULPER SPY RING IN THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today alongside my colleague Mr. S
UOZZI to recog- nize the dedication of Route 25A on Long Is-land’s North Shore as the Washington Spy Trail and to pay special tribute to the brave men and women of the Culper Spy Ring, con-sidered the first organized espionage ring in the United States. We thank these dedicated patriots for their loyalty and bravery. During the American Revolution, Long Island’s North Country Road (now State Route 25A) was the road traveled by George Washington in 1790 to thank patriots for helping him win the Amer-ican Revolution. It is also the road that Culper Spy Austin Roe traveled to cross enemy lines to pick up and deliver secret messages to other brave men and women serving in the Continental Army’s military intelligence and es-pionage units in New York City. Today, a spe-cial dedication ceremony will take place at the Brewster House (built in 1665) in Setauket, NY, where three historical markers will be un-veiled across this route to commemorate the unsung sacrifice of the Culper Spy Ring and the critical role they played in our nation’s struggle for independence. The Culper Ring, also known as the Setauket Spy Ring, was a group of operatives whose purpose was to make General George Washington aware of the movements of the British in New York City and on Long Island. The Long Island Culper Spy Ring was a band of dedicated and brave patriots who served valiantly at a time when getting caught as a spy could mean certain death by hanging or rotting to death on a British prison ship. The Culper Spy Ring’s strategic location on Long Island’s North Shore, situated between patriot New England and British occupied New York City, had a tremendous impact on the out-come of the war. The ring was of great military importance and contributed to many of the de-cisive victories of the Continental Army, includ-ing those at Trenton, Saratoga, and Yorktown. The critical intelligence gathered by the Culper Spies also uncovered the betrayal of Benedict Arnold and his treasonous plan to surrender West Point to the British. The brave work of the Culper Spies was also critical in thwarting a planned British assault on newly arrived French allied forces that landed at Rhode Is-land in 1780 to help turn the tide of the war. Mr. Speaker, many of these brave men and women, through the nature of their clandestine service to the American Revolution, never had their names recorded in history. For the names that we do know, I ask my colleagues to honor their bravery and service, and I in-clude their names in the RECORD . Benjamin Tallmadge: (Code Name: John Bolton.) He reported directly to General George Washington, and was his director of military intelligence. He created the patriot spy ring operating out of New York City and head-ed the Culper Ring out of the village of Setauket on Long Island. Robert Townsend: The Chief informant of the Culper Spy Ring and Benjamin Tallmadge’s right hand man. He posed as a Tory merchant and befriended many British soldiers in New York City to gather intel-ligence. Because of his society connections, he was widely known in British circles. He was a resident of Oyster Bay, NY. Austin Roe: He served as the messenger for Robert Townsend. He owned a store and tavern in Setauket and rode fifty-five miles back and forth to New York City several times per week through British held areas to deliver and pick up coded messages written in invis-ible ink. Abraham Woodhull: (Code Name: Samuel Culper Sr.) He was an intricate part of the cir-cuitous way the ring shared critical intel-ligence. Woodhull’s farm in Setauket was his base of operation and it was there that he al-lowed Austin Roe to pasture his cows so they had a place to hide messages in a secret box. Caleb Brewster: As a member of the ring, he was the intermediary between Abraham Woodhull’s farm in Setauket and Major Tallmadge’s headquarters in Connecticut. Brewster was a seafarer from Setauket and used his whaleboats to cross the Long Island Sound to Connecticut. He was also respon-sible for capturing many British supply ships that were carrying messages. Anna Smith Strong: Setauket native Anna Smith Strong’s assignment in the Culper Ring was to signal Brewster’s arrival to Abraham Woodhull. She did this by hanging laundry on her clothesline in pre-arranged configurations, a system that fooled everyone by the wisdom of its simplicity. If she hung up a black petti-coat, it meant that Brewster was in town to share critical intelligence. These brave patriots will be recognized today, May 18, 2017, at the dedication of the Washington Spy Trail. Mr. Speaker, we should be extremely grateful as both a people and a nation to each and everyone of these individ-uals. To honor their memory, we must con-tinue to uphold the values of the American Revolution that these brave men and women were willing to give up their lives and freedom for: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. f 
INFRASTRUCTURE WEEK 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in celebration of National Infrastructure Week. Here in Washington, meetings have brought together planners and civil engineers, builders and innovators, labor unions and developers— all dedicated to modernizing our American in-frastructure. And it does need modernizing. In my home state of Rhode Island, for ex-ample, one in four bridges is deficient, the worst rate in the country. They are battered by storms and suffering from aging concrete and steel. Families and businesses alike suffer from this infrastructure debt. That’s why this week I introduced the ‘‘SAFE Bridges Act,’’ which will provide a re-newed focus on the safety of bridges across the country. It will create a discrete new way to prioritize those bridges most in need. Mr. Speaker, it is ‘‘Time to Build.’’ We need to invest in bread-and-butter projects, high-ways and transit that Americans depend on every day. 
f 
IN HONOR OF REDWOOD CITY’S SESQUICENTENNIAL 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the 150th birthday of one of the most beautiful and vibrant cities in my Congressional District: Redwood City. Long before Redwood City was incor-porated, the area was inhabited by the Ohlone who lived by hunting, fishing and gathering. The Ohlone had a rich culture and thrived on both sides of the mountain range that divides San Mateo County. Their villages dotted the countryside and the residents traded regularly with nearby tribes. Spanish and Mexican explorers and settlers came later, and with them came rapid and substantial change. After the Mexican-Amer-ican War, Spanish and Mexican land grants were challenged. Such was the case for Dona Arguello, who hired Simon Mezes to defend her land title. His payment was the land that now includes most of downtown Redwood City. Rather than fighting the squatters, he laid out the town and sold lots to them, naming his town Mezesville. Access to San Francisco Bay made Red-wood City an ideal location for a port. The port and the railway revolutionized shipping and travel in the 1800s. Industries continued to de-velop from oyster farming and canning to ce-ment and salt production, to nurseries and small manufacturing plants. Redwood City was incorporated in 1867 with the purpose of raising funds to pave 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.040 E19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE685 May 19, 2017 
downtown streets. The city has always been home to a diverse population. Joining the large Latino population, German immigrants started breweries and a tannery, the Chinese helped build the railroads and were engaged in shrimp fishing, and the Japanese brought the floral industry. In 1926, the Chamber of Commerce proclaimed Redwood City the ‘‘Chrysanthemum Capital of the World.’’ The floral industry thrived until one of the darkest chapters of U.S. history, the internment of Japanese Americans during WWII. Redwood City experienced several popu-lation and housing booms. The 1906 San Francisco earthquake displaced thousands who built new neighborhoods on the Penin-sula. By 1920, many Redwood City residents were commuting to jobs outside the city. In the 1930s the population doubled. By 1937, a mu-nicipal marina and an international port with a widened channel were ready to ship cargo. The largest population increase took place after World War II when Redwood City grew from 12,400 in 1940 to 46,300 in 1960. Today, there are 82,000 residents. No one can mention Redwood City without celebrating its schools and the families that thrive through the district’s services. Two great public high schools and multiple public ele-mentary and middle schools, as well as sev-eral charter schools, offer the American dream of a quality, free public education to all. The city also incorporates several quality private schools. Redwood City has amazing parks and is dotted with redwood trees. Beautiful hillsides in a nearby county park are covered with a plethora of wildflowers and are home to ma-jestic mountain lions. The city itself is home to the San Mateo County History Museum. The city is also the county seat of San Mateo where I started my political career and have watched history unfold. Courthouse Square anchors a revitalized city core that includes a wonderful theater, restaurants and bakeries. Redwood City is family-focused and young, with nearly 25 percent of its residents being under age 18. It offers cultural and rec-reational events in Courthouse Square throughout the year, aided in part by the city’s wonderful weather. In fact, the beautiful weather is famously memorialized by the city’s motto ‘‘Climate Best by Government Test.’’ There are celebrations of multiple national backgrounds, religions and cultures that are welcomed by city residents. Foreign-born resi-dents are 32 percent of all residents. The peo-ple of Redwood City are proud that their city is a miniature United Nations, speaking to America through dozens of languages heard daily on its streets. In the heart of Silicon Valley, the city is home to such global brands as Oracle, Box.com and Google. One of today’s newer and smaller companies creates 3D printers that will save our armed forces tens of millions of dollars and strengthen our national defense, while another small company seeks to end the dangers of hospital infection and opioid addic-tion by transforming the delivery of pain medi-cations. Mr. Speaker, I ask the members of the House of Representatives to join me in cele-brating the sesquicentennial of Redwood City, a community that serves as a model for vi-brancy and friendliness. It’s a place where in-novation soars because the celebration of the American spirit is ever-present. It is the real frontier of America because tomorrow is emerging through the celebration of our shared past, present and future. 
f 
HONORING HOMETOWN HEROES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1892, The Hon-oring Hometown Heroes Act. This bill will be crucial in giving the courageous first respond-ers the recognition they deserve. The Honoring Hometown Heroes Act, or H.R. 1892, will help give honor to those who have passed away while serving their commu-nities. First responders are some of the most important people in the country. They put out the fires that threaten our homes. They keep our streets safe to live on. They bring people who are suffering from a medical issue to the hospital to provide them with the care that they need. They investigate the crimes that have been committed and bring the perpetra-tors to justice. These brave men and women are often volunteers, who merely want to help their communities. These jobs are often dangerous. They in-volve fires, carbon monoxide, violence, and other hostile acts. Unfortunately, due to the dangerous nature of this work, not all of these men and women survive. They are killed serv-ing their communities, making them better places to live. These men and women have given the ultimate sacrifice to their towns and cities. They deserve as much honor and re-spect that can be bestowed upon them and their families. I have the utmost respect and admiration for these men and women and believe that this bill gives proper public respect to fallen first responders. Governors will now be able to de-clare the flag to be lowered to half-mast. This gives governors the ability to immediately honor the fallen first responders. These men and women deserve as much. I believe that Congressman L
ARSON ’s bill is a necessity for the United States. It is regret-table that such legislation has not been passed before this time. I put my full support behind this effort to honor those who have fall-en in the service of others. This bill is an ex-ample of true patriotism that all members of this chamber, Republicans, Democrats, and Independents, can get behind for the benefit of the fallen first responders, their families, and the American people. I therefore urge passage of H.R. 1892. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for roll call votes 263, 264, 265, and 266 on Thurs-day, May 18, 2017. I would like the record to show that, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on roll call votes 263, 264, and 265; I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on roll call vote 266. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN SOLDIER MARINE CORPORAL (CPL) WILLIAM JUSTIN LEE COO-PER 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen soldier Marine Corporal William Justin Lee Cooper who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our na-tion on May 19, 2008, during Operation Endur-ing Freedom. Cpl Cooper was killed in combat near Garmsir, Afghanistan. Cpl Cooper was assigned to the 1st Bat-talion, 6th Marine Regiment, 24th Marine Ex-peditionary Unit, 2nd Marine Division, II Ma-rine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. According to 40 Days of Honor, Cpl Cooper’s skill as a marksman earned him a position on a sniper team. It was in fulfillment of his duties as a sniper that he was killed. During his military service, Cpl Cooper was awarded the Good Conduct Medal, Combat Action Ribbon, Iraq Campaign Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Glob-al War on Terrorism Medal and two Sea Serv-ice Deployment Ribbons. After graduating from Europa High School in 2004, Cpl Cooper briefly attended Holmes Community College. It was Christmas Eve of 2004 when Cpl Cooper told his father he was joining the Marine Corps. His father told the Associated Press, ‘‘I remember telling him that he needed to have a lot of thought before doing this. He felt his country needed him at the time more than he needed school.’’ He also said of his son, ‘‘He had more friends than anyone I know. He was daddy’s hero; now he’s everyone’s hero.’’ Cpl Cooper’s friend, Heather Burchfield, told the Associated Press, ‘‘Coop was that fun-lov-ing, crazy guy everyone liked. He’s the one you always wanted on your side because he is always going to take up for you. Even in high school, he had a soldier’s heart. He was a very loyal friend.’’ Cpl Cooper is survived by his parents, Alan Cooper and Debra Cooper. The sacrifice of this brave soldier will always be remembered. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF 100 YEARS OF CHEERWINE 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor North Carolina’s favorite soft drink, Cheerwine, which is celebrating their 100th anniversary on May 20, 2017. Handcrafted in Salisbury, North Carolina, Cheerwine was created by L.D. Peeler, who sought to create a soft drink of his own during sugar rationing amid World War I. L.D. Peeler purchased cherry flavoring from a traveling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.043 E19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE686 May 19, 2017 
salesman and experimented with the flavor until he created the one-of-a-kind soft drink. The end result is the delicious soft drink we know as Cheerwine. Over the years, Cheerwine’s unique flavor has stood the test of time—through the Great Depression, two World Wars and many other trials in our nation’s history—Cheerwine has remained an independent family owned and operated business in North Carolina. Cheerwine was presented the ‘‘Pillar of the Community’’ award at the Family Business Awards for their excellence, innovation, ethics, philanthropy and contribution to the region and Cheerwine continues to invest in those com-munities that fostered its growth today. Presi-dents Dwight Eisenhower, George H.W. Bush, and Barack Obama all enjoyed Cheerwine during their trips to North Carolina and there is no doubt in my mind many more presidents will too. L.D. Peeler and Cheerwine are deserving of their success and I wish them continued suc-cess as they continue to be a great source of pride for Rowan County and all of North Caro-lina. Mr. Speaker, please join me today to con-gratulate Cheerwine on a century of success and to recognize the tremendous contributions they’ve made to the State of North Carolina. 
f 
HONORING VERKILYA ELESHIA HOGAN 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable person, an unsung hero, Ms. Verkilya Eleshia Hogan. Ms. Verkilya Eleshia Hogan was born on July 25,1999 to her proud parents Vernon and Sheronda Jackson. She is an intelligent, obe-dient, and outgoing young lady. She is also very passionate and dedicated to every task that she takes on. Ms. Hogan very actively participates in many organizations and programs. She has been a cheerleader since the fifth-grade and currently serves as Captain of the Holmes County Central High Varsity Cheer-Squad. She has remarkable leadership skills and con-tinues to be a positive influence to those around her. At an early age Ms. Hogan proudly experi-enced an amazing miracle of God which en-couraged her to serve Him more daily. On May 18, 2016, she was involved in a detri-mental UTV accident. A portion of her left forearm had to be amputated on May 24, 2016. As a teenager, this was disheartening because she didn’t know how her future would be with her condition, but she knew God had already worked things out in her favor. She never lost faith through her circumstances, be-cause she appreciated the simple fact that she could see and breathe each day. The Bible says, ‘‘From the fullness of his grace we have all received one blessing after another’’ John 1:16. This scripture, she believes, gives her good reason to give all glory and praises to God. She will finish her senior year in high school with honors and attend the University of Southern Mississippi, majoring in Kinesiology and pursuing a career as a Physical Therapist. She is determined to go above and beyond to reach her goals and continue to walk in a positive direction. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ms. Verkilya Eleshia Hogan, an unsung hero, for her dedication to the commu-nity. f 
TRIBUTE TO JAY HOWE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 19, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jay Howe for his many years of service to the American Legion and to his country. Jay was recently honored for being a 50-year member with the American Legion. The American Legion was chartered and in-corporated by Congress in 1919 as a patriotic veterans organization devoted to mutual help-fulness. The organization is committed to mentoring youth and sponsorship of whole-some programs in communities, advocating patriotism and honor and continued devotion to their fellow service members and veterans. Mr. Speaker, I commend Jay for his service to our country’s veterans and his dedication to his community. It is an honor to represent him in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in commending Jay for his service and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.047 E19MYPT1
D554 Friday, May 19, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, May 22, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 34 pub-lic bills, H.R. 2548–2580; and 5 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 58; and H. Res. 344–347, were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H4388–89 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4390–91 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1725, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the treatment of medical evidence provided by non-Department of Veterans Affairs medical professionals in support of claims for dis-ability compensation under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–133); H.R. 1329, to increase, effective as of December 1, 2017, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of de-pendency and indemnity compensation for the sur-vivors of certain disabled veterans, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, to improve the processing of claims by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–134);and H.R. 2288, to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–135).
                                                              Pages H4387–88 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H4361, H4374 Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that the question of adopting the amendment to H.R. 1039 may be subject to post-ponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20. 
                                                                                            Page H4362 
Recess: The House recessed at 9:58 a.m. and recon-vened at 11:16 a.m.
                                                 Page H4373 
Probation Officer Protection Act of 2017: The House passed H.R. 1039, to amend section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, to grant probation offi-cers authority to arrest hostile third parties who ob-struct or impede a probation officer in the perform-ance of official duties, by a yea-and-nay vote of 229 yeas to 177 nays, Roll No. 268. 
                                                                Pages H4362–73, H4373–74 
Rejected: Jackson Lee amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–127) that sought to request a comprehen-sive study on the new authority of probation officers and sunsets that authority 30 months later after en-actment (by a recorded vote of 178 ayes to 229 noes, Roll No. 267).
                                       Pages H4368–73, H4373 
H. Res. 324, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1039) was agreed to yesterday, May 18th. United States Semiquincentennial Commission— Appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the following Members to the United States Semiquincentennial Commission: Representatives Brady (PA) and Crowley; and from private life: Mr. Richard Trumka of Rockville, Maryland.
     Page H4374 
John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Train-ing and Development—Reappointment: Read a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY7.REC D19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D555 May 19, 2017 
letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she reappointed the following Member to the Board of Trustees for the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development for a term of six years: Representative Sewell (AL). 
                                                                                    Pages H4374–75 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, May 22nd and that the order of the House of January 3, 2017, regarding morn-ing-hour debate not apply on that day.
         Page H4378 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, May 22nd for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H4381 
Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy: Representa-tive Thomas J. Rooney (FL).
                               Page H4387 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4373 and H4374. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:56 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Priorities and Posture of the National Security Space Enterprise’’. Testimony was heard from Gen-eral John W. Raymond, Commander, Air Force Space Command; Lieutenant General David Buck, Commander, Joint Functional Component Com-mand—Space, U.S. Strategic Command; Betty Sapp, Director, National Reconnaissance Office; Robert Cardillo, National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency; John Hill, Performing the Duties of Deputy Assist-ant Secretary of Defense for Space Policy, Office of the Secretary of Defense for Policy. Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Drinking Water System Improvement Act and Related Issues of Funding, Management, and Compliance Assist-ance under the Safe Drinking Water Act’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Oversight held a hearing entitled ‘‘IRS Reform: Les-sons Learned from the National Taxpayer Advocate’’. Testimony was heard from Nina Olson, National Taxpayer Advocate. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, MAY 22, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 953, the ‘‘Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY7.REC D19MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD556 May 19, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, May 22 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Terry Branstad, of Iowa, to be Am-bassador to the People’s Republic of China, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, May 22 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barton, Joe, Tex., E673 Bishop, Rob, Utah, E676 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E681 Cook, Paul, Calif., E683 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E679 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E682 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E674, E682 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E675 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E675 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E679, E685 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E675 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E682 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E676, E685 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E673, E677, E681, E685 Keating, William R., Mass., E680 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E674, E677, E685 Langevin, James R., R.I., E684 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E679 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E683 Price, David E., N.C., E677 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E680 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E684 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E673, E675, E679, E680, E683, E686 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E674, E678, E682 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E678 Young, David, Iowa, E673, E674, E675, E676, E678, E679, E681, E683, E686 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E684 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 May 20, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D19MY7.REC D19MYPT1